chapter 1601 1601 . copy
noah's group could skip most of the trials . they could search for the various secret passages and reach the most challenging part of the fifth layer since the hidden area was probably there .
however , the quality of the rewards had made them decide to invest time in clearing the whole inheritance . the battle formation found after the battle against the scaled sphere was only the last of the many valuable resources obtained in the process .
the weakest part of the army took a break from the trials to learn the battle formation , and king elbass joined those assets to modify the technique .
great builder had already modified that formation back in the days , but he didn't adapt it to the different species of the higher plane . noah's army featured hybrids and magical beasts , so king elbass had to change something in the technique's structure to make the best out of those lines .
the other experts continued exploring the fifth layer while the rest of the army trained . clearing the various defenses brought benefits to many powerful assets , and even experts like wilfred managed to obtain something valuable .
king elbass valued everything connected to the inscription field . wilfred found a martial art that could match his existence after a few modifications . jordan obtained disposable weapons that suited her law , and the list continued for most of the powerful assets in the army .
only divine demon and noah struggled to find something perfect for them . the former's law was too unique to rely on items and techniques , and noah's standards were so high that even middle tier resources failed to meet his requirements .
that eventually changed as the army approached the last trials of the fifth layers .
the exploration became smoother after the weaker assets mastered the battle formation and managed to provide proper assistance during the fight .
great builder's trials were smart and managed to ignore the difference in numbers most of the time . still , having more power at their disposal improved the army's overall experience .
clearing harder trials led to better rewards , and divine demon eventually added himself to the list of experts who had benefitted from the inheritance . he found a technique that could temporarily improve his mental capabilities , and he quickly added it to the few abilities in his memory .
only noah remained unsatisfied at that point , but the pyramid eventually managed to give him something decent . he found a spell of the earth element that seemed similar to the workshop .
- this place mostly has resources .
noah thought while inspecting the diagram of the rank 8 spell .
- techniques are rare , but they are quite decent .
the spell resembled a weaker version of the workshop . it allowed the user to morph metals and ground to create almost everything .
- maybe , great builder obtained the idea behind the workshop from this spell .
noah thought while studying the diagram .
noah couldn't use the spell in its current state , but he could add it to his arsenal by shattering and rebuilding the diagram according to his existence .
in his mind , noah didn't plan to turn the spell into one of his main weapons . he already had the workshop and incredible abilities , so that new technique would be redundant .
still , noah could turn it into a passive ability , a technique that could improve all the crucial roles played by the black hole .
noah used the black hole to create special darkness meant for miss void's spell . the organ also handled the production of night's food . it had many tasks at hand , and they often put limits on noah's power .
instead , transforming that diagram into something that could improve his organ's performance might remove some of the limits on his stronger abilities . increasing the production of special darkness already made the spell a decent asset to add to his arsenal .
noah immediately began to work on that project while his group continued to clear defenses . he never stopped helping with the trials , but he slowed down on his constant training to complete the transformation of that ability as soon as possible .
great builder's pyramid didn't offer noah anything else even after the group reached the last area . noah had begun to consider that trend quite normal after spending years inside the fifth layer . he had also started to understand the mindset of that great expert , which he had been unable to do during his first visit .
rank 9 existences were complete monsters . they could seize anything in the world and create masterpieces that could remain with them forever .
the greatest limitation of those existences was their inability to ignore their laws when handling techniques and spells . they were both too personal since their creators had made them for themselves .
that was one of the reasons why great builder's pyramid mostly contained resources . the balrow family didn't consider it an inheritance due to the nature of trials and rewards , but noah almost justified the expert in his mind .
great builder's law was quite clear . he had the workshop , the pyramid , and all the puppets inside that environment . noah wouldn't find anything about blades there , but he was fine with that since it depended on the expert's power . having found a suitable spell already surpassed his expectations .
(what do you think it is?) noah asked while king elbass studied the corridor before the last room .
(hard to say .) king elbass replied while shaking his head . (i can only see sensors on the walls . the pyramid might start the test as soon as it understands how dangerous we are .)
(you all speak too much .) divine demon snorted while taking a step forward and entering the corridor . (it's not a challenge if we spend more time planning the trial than clearing it .)
the sensors inspected divine demon , and materials slowly seeped out of the wall . black metals gathered in the corridor and gave birth to a puppet that radiated divine demon's aura .
the copy was almost perfect . it even carried divine demon's iconic law , and that sight made everyone worry .
the copies could surpass the original if the latter didn't have trump cards . the precious materials used to create that puppet would make it surpass humans in terms of physical strength .
the hybrids didn't fear that outcome . they even desired to test themselves . instead , the situation was far worse for humans since they lacked the physical strength and resilience of those metal copies .
(nothing in the world can imitate me !) divine demon snorted before unfolding his aura and turning his surroundings into azure energy .
the copy did the same , and a dark-yellow light soon gathered around it . the puppet even managed to steal part of the energy amassed by divine demon .
divine demon didn't let that sight scare him . he raised his hand , and his copy imitated him . they both condensed their power until they gave birth to higher energy .
the two halos turned white before shooting toward their opponent . the attacks exploded as soon as they clashed , and a shockwave spread through the entire corridor .
a white light blinded noah's group for a while , but they eventually saw a fainted divine demon on the walls of their area . the puppet was still standing , and that was enough to declare the strongest among them .





chapter 1602 1602 . secret
witnessing divine demon's defeat made the group hesitate to approach the trial . great builder's sensors were able to copy the contenders' laws in that unique environment , so the army had to create a proper battle plan .
noah and the others knew how powerful divine demon was . his sudden defeat gave them a clear idea of how dangerous the trial was and how they had to approach it .
divine demon had lost due to a physical difference . the puppet carried his law , but its body was a mixture of precious metals that could bring its power to a superior level .
the approach became evident after the experts considered that part . humans would always be on the losing end in that trial . only hybrids could have a chance to win .
noah had to step back from that situation . the test could probably create a middle tier version of his existence , which would put him at a complete disadvantage . it was better to send a hybrid who had already reached the liquid stage and had a body that could match those precious metals .
wilfred ended up being the obvious choice . his physical strength almost knew no equals , and his cultivation level also had the right power . only he could have a chance to overcome that challenge .
wilfred didn't need his companions to explain that solution to him . he directly stepped forward once he understood how the trial worked , and a puppet soon formed in front of him .
the puppet had his same cultivation level , and its aura carried wilfred's explosive features . still , the expert seemed far stronger than his opponent .
a violent battle soon unfolded in front of the army . wilfred and the puppet didn't waste time performing spectacular moves or complicated techniques . they only punched each other and continued until one of them fell apart .
wilfred bled at first , but the puppet soon began to lose pieces of its metallic body . the hybrids' resilience kicked in , so the expert remained on his feet even after his face had turned into a mass of torn tissues and blood .
the puppet didn't share the same incredible innate abilities . it was sturdy , and its metals were tough , but the lack of proper healing properties soon left it with nothing more than a shattered torso .
wilfred didn't stop his offensive until the door unlocked . the expert left the broken metals and entered the reward room , which was empty . it only had a narrow staircase that led to a secret area of the pyramid .
noah and the others decided to rest for a long time and perform a few training sessions . the secret area would feature a powerful opponent , so they had to be at their peak before approaching it .
a few years had to go by before everyone in the army felt ready for the test . the staircase enlarged when the army moved toward the secret area , and the space twisted as they walked through the corridor connected with great builder's room .
a large hall eventually appeared in their eyes . the area activated once the army stepped out the staircase , and countless lines lit up on the walls , floor , and ceiling to mark the beginning of the test .
materials came out of the walls and amassed inside the secret hall . the area enlarged as a massive creature took form . noah could soon lay his eyes on a winged lion with three heads and eight legs .
the creature was twenty meters tall , and sturdy metal made every inch of its body . its wings created storms whenever they moved through the air , and its low growls gave noah an idea of how strong it was .
- upper tier .
noah sighed in his mind .
- this will be tough .
the rank 7 assets immediately deployed their battle formation . they performed long but quick movements that transformed them into a tall nine-headed hydra with power at the bottom of the eighth rank .
the rank 8 cultivators from the balrow family and some of luke's companions joined the battle formation to increase its power . its level quickly grew until it reached the middle tier , but that wasn't enough for their situation .
luke , ian , and jordan eventually decided to join the battle formation . the hydra's power rose until it approached the upper tier , and king elbass didn't hesitate to help at that point .
a series of inscribed items came out of king elbass' space-ring and began to cover the hydra . golden runes and flames suddenly appeared on the creature's ethereal skin and solidified its structure . its level also increased until it entered the upper tier .
noah deployed snore and his companions before covering his figure with dark matter . the demonic form came out of his palm and covered his fiendish armor . the demonic sword flew out of his chest to land in his hand .
bloodlust also exploded outward . noah didn't hesitate to draw the cursed sword in that situation . his opponent was two whole tiers above him . he couldn't risk dying because he was holding back .
the unstable substance flowed inside his black veins , and the special darkness started to enlarge the shadow domain . his dark world also expanded before noah activated his new spell .
a diagram lit up inside noah's mental sea and generated a long series of benefits . the black hole began to work faster than ever , and the same applied to the workshop .
the new spell gave noah the ability to control the dark matter better . he already had power over his dark matter , but the spell quickened everything .
- i can use the shadow domain more often now .
noah thought while inspecting the benefits of his new spell .
- the workshop is also far faster . i guess i will waste most of my stash of fake cores in this battle .
king elbass deployed countless inscribed items . his assets went from disposable weapons in the middle tier to formations that covered the immense hall .
divine demon gathered all the power he could get , and a white light soon shone next to him . his (breath) had transformed into higher energy again .
wilfred and the others who were outside of the battle formation deployed their techniques and expanded their aura . they were an army against a single monstrous puppet , but they didn't feel at ease in front of that creature .
(do it !) wilfred shouted while glancing at noah .
noah quickly activated shandal's ability . the world froze for the winged lion , but wilfred and the others were still able to move . the whole army attacked at that point . they launched their best attacks in the hope of inflicting significant damage .
the nine-headed hydra spat multicolored flames , noah thrust with both swords , and wilfred leapt toward the winged lion to slam his massive arms on its head .
king elbass threw the entirety of his inscribed army at his opponent , and the formations under him went after them . the winged lion could still move a bit , but noah's spell had managed to slow it down long enough for all the attacks to land on the creature .
white lines lit up across the large hall . the pyramid was suppressing those unnatural earthquakes , but it didn't do anything to protect the creature .
the explosion generated by that wave of attacks forced noah and the others to stop their offensive for a second . the smoke that covered the winged lion made it impossible to know its state .
the smoke eventually vanished , and a low growl resounded in the hall . noah could finally see the effects of their attacks . they had only managed to break two of its legs and ruin part of its right wing .





chapter 1603 1603 . legs
- we didn't do anything to the heads .
noah thought while spitting flames .
the cursed sword had inflicted its drawbacks on noah's chest , but the dark matter had quickly covered the missing pieces of skin .
the outcome of the exchange didn't bring any positive news . the entirety of noah's team had attacked the winged lion without leading to decent effects . breaking two legs and ruining one wing was nothing when it came to the overall power of the creature .
(there are a few frail spots near the base of the legs and necks !) king elbass shouted right after the exchange . (the heads are the sturdiest parts , but they also contain centers of power . rip the creature into pieces until you reach those spots !)
king elbass had taken care of identifying the frailest spots on the winged lion . no one had noticed the weakness at the base of the legs . noah and the others had mainly focused on the heads , but they understood why they had remained unaffected by the assault now .
(don't hold back !) wilfred shouted . (the weak will die , but the strong will survive . jump forward and find out where you belong !)
noah knew his place in that battle . he was among the strongest hybrids in the army , and his position as a leader forced him to jump in the frontlines .
the pyramid had also closed the path back to the staircase . the army could either defeat the winged lion or die there .
noah wasn't the only expert to jump forward . wilfred , divine demon , theodora , ian , and jordan joined him without bothering to launch battle cries .
the hybrids had to take care of the vanguard since they were the only existences capable of surviving the winged lion . as for divine demon , he was too reckless to remain in the backlines .
the winged lion gave voice to a screeching noise . its cry created soundwaves that tried to converge on its opponents , but king elbass promptly took care of that threat .
the formations that had shot toward the metal creature activated and revealed their power . golden lines lit up around the winged lion and suppressed part of its power . they couldn't handle its physical strength , but they could stop sound attacks and similar techniques .
noah and the others jumped forward while unleashing their best techniques .
wilfred punched the air while trails of mental energy followed his attack . his existence allowed him to send his physical blows toward his opponents , but the addition of the mental energy made him able to enhance his offensive mid-air .
jordan spat flames while creating different shapes made of condensed air that flew toward the winged lion . a torrent of slashes and weapons converged toward the monstrous creature and tried to spread her influence through the large hall .
ian howled many times in the span of a single second to create a dense soundwave that took the shape of a defensive wall . the following cries then crossed that barrier and came out as large currents that slammed on the metal creature .
theodora's law was unique . she could use her mental waves in ways that noah had rarely witnessed . her consciousness expanded , and a series of dense thoughts seeped inside the winged lion . it seemed that the will contained in that mental energy managed to calm down the creature and delay the beginning of its offensive .
noah didn't change his approach . the unstable substance was empowering his body , and the cursed sword gave him the chance to surpass his actual cultivation level . he slashed at his opponent without hesitation . he didn't care about the severe drawbacks at all .
divine demon was the slowest of the group . his attention seemed to be elsewhere , but only he knew where it went .
truth be told , divine demon rarely took his losses lightly . the metal copy from the previous trial had managed to defeat him , so it was hard to improve his mood for the time being .
of course , divine demon didn't care too much about that defeat . great builder had created an improved version of his existence . there was no shame in losing against himself .
yet , divine demon felt that he had something to prove to the pyramid . that structure had the privilege to see him fall , so he had to defeat all the trials to be at peace with his existence .
azure energy transformed into a white radiance before flowing inside divine demon's body . the technique forced his tissues to go far beyond what regular hybrids in the middle tier could achieve . his miracles brought his physical strength in a league that only a few existences in the liquid stage had managed to touch .
divine demon shot forward after his energy finished empowering his body . he slammed on one of the creature's legs and kept it still while his companions' offensive converged on that spot .
a singularity , an invisible force , soundwaves , and a series of attacks made of compressed air landed at the base of the leg . divine demon laughed while the techniques exploded above him , but neither managed to hurt his body .
the leg fell apart during the offensive . the winged lion was a creature in the upper tier , but it couldn't oppose the joint assault of experts who could fill the gaps among stages .
the rest of the army attacked after the third leg fell . the nine-headed hydra launched its multicolored flames on one leg , and the magical beasts behind the battle formation shot forward to slam their powerful bodies on the same spot .
king elbass supported the magical beasts by activating one of his disposable inscribed weapons . golden lines suddenly appeared around those creatures and enhanced their bodies to make them able to inflict decent damage .
the fourth leg fell after the army of magical beasts flew through the multicolored flames and slammed on that limb . the dark metal that made the winged lion's body shattered under their assault . it didn't take much to destabilize that weak spot , but the creatures' achievement surpassed what noah had initially expected .
(tear them apart !) noah roared while storing one of the legs . (focus on restraining its movements . target the legs and don't die .)
a series of (yes , sir) and roars followed his orders . most of the magical beasts in the eighth rank pressed forward and joined that display of power , but the winged lion suddenly tried to move .
the formations around the creature shattered when it applied its physical strength . king elbass tried to reinforce them , but the winged lion was too strong . still , they managed to slow the beast down , and theodora's mental waves helped in the process .
the magical beasts in noah's army ended up slamming on the fifth leg , and their companions promptly followed their example . noah didn't hesitate to launch another slash , wilfred punched the air , jordan flapped her wings , and ian howled . the fifth limb could only fall after that offensive .
the winged lion didn't accept anything else after that . it broke free of king elbass' lines and theodora's control before turning toward divine demon .
the expert couldn't avoid the creature , but he didn't seem inclined to do that . his eyes shone with a red light when the three heads filled his view and tried to bite him .
noah almost couldn't believe his eyes . the beast disappeared before it could complete its attack . when it reappeared , it was free-falling from the ceiling .





chapter 1604 1604 . easy
the winged lion had yet to launch a single attack . noah's team had kept the creature locked in a chain of techniques that had prevented every attempt to defend or react .
the existences in noah's army were experts in different fields , but they had been together for so long that they could cooperate perfectly . moreover , their battle experience allowed them to adapt to any situation and unknown technique .
the winged lion had lost five legs and part of its right wing . the creature had suffered a decent number of injuries , but that didn't weaken it in the slightest .
three legs were more than enough to make it able to charge ahead . the winged lion had noah and the other experts waiting for it on the floor , but it didn't give them that satisfaction .
the creature's legs cracked on the air before it performed a sharp turn . it was about to fall in noah's hands , but it suddenly shot toward the massive nine-headed hydra in the back of the room .
divine demon promptly appeared in its trajectory and slapped one of its three heads . the creature changed direction after the attack and slammed into an area that noah and the others didn't hesitate to reach .
a massive singularity shot toward the sixth leg . jordan , ian , and wilfred joined that offensive until they severed the sixth limb from the main body .
noah didn't stop there . his body was a mess due to the drawbacks of the cursed sword . also , his flames didn't manage to burn much . yet , he didn't hesitate in front of a chance to inflict more damage .
the winged lion tried to stand up , but noah arched his fingers and grabbed two heads to keep the creature stuck on the ground . a massive force landed on his arms and shoulders and threatened to rip them off , but the empowerment given by the unstable substance made him able to endure it for a few seconds .
his companions launched their best techniques while noah kept the creature still . king elbass even sent a few formations to help him in the task .
divine demon and wilfred silently decided to join forces and focus their attacks on the same leg . the two experts flew toward their target and unleashed a flurry of punches that ended up crushing the limb .
as for the others , jordan and ian tried to take care of the last leg , but their level couldn't amount to much . they had to accept that only wilfred and divine demon wielded enough power to handle it . they could only support them in the task .
noah let go of the winged lion , which didn't immediately attack . the creature had to overcome theodora's suppression before it could decide to charge again , and king elbass' formations were still around its body .
snore and duanlong appeared next to the winged lion and began to suppress it . the snake entangled its massive body around the puppet's figure , and the dragon spread its mouth to absorb all the energy that tried to flow through its opponent's fabric .
noah flew above one of the heads before thrusting both blades downward . the attack didn't manage to pierce its metal skin , but it destabilized the creature enough to slam it on the floor .
divine demon and wilfred used that chance to help jordan and ian . they shot toward the last leg and unleashed their attacks to crush it . the winged lion soon lost its last limb and found itself stuck on the floor .
pearl , luke , and the other human experts finally saw their chance to shine at that sight . the winged lion's physical strength was too threatening for their frail body , but they could begin to approach it now that the hybrids had taken care of its ability to move freely .
luke joined theodora , and the duo applied a twofold restriction of the winged lion . pearl and the other experts from the balrow family helped king elbass and followed his orders to deploy suitable inscriptions .
the army of magical beasts outside of the battle formation began to assault the defenseless puppet . the creature could only flap its left wing , so its opponents could ravage its right side .
the foolery and the other magical beasts used all the power at their disposal to pierce that thick skin . some even died while eating it due to the massive amount of energy inside that metal . those creatures had the best prey in the world right in front of their eyes , but they couldn't taste it properly .
noah soon moved his focus on the heads . a sense of weakness had pervaded him after he stored the cursed sword , and his mind was already near its limit .
noah deployed the entirety of his arsenal . he used the demonic form , the demonic sword , night , snore , duanlong , the unstable substance , the dark world , and the draconic armor . however , there was a limit to how much he could achieve at his current level .
his attacks could only slam the winged lion's heads to slam on the floor . they couldn't pierce its skin nor force it to submit . it was clear that noah was too out of place for that situation .
divine demon and wilfred had different ideas . their attacks could shatter the tough metal fabric of that creature , and removing its limbs had given them the chance to go all-out without incurring useless risks .
the duo felt that the fifth layer was their home . they had fought to the best of their potential and had succeeded . the pyramid was judging them worthy of getting great builder's inheritance .
of course , the last defense of great builder's structure couldn't be so easy . it didn't matter that noah had some of the best experts in the immortal lands . there had to be something else , and those suspicions eventually led to him .
(i don't think i have time for a proper evaluation .) noah explained while supporting a missing piece of his skin and pretending that he didn't suffer any injury .
(give me something .) wilfred almost pleaded to receive additional information about his opponent .
(the battle should be over after we sever its heads .) noah commented . (rip his wings off and see what happens . that amount of damage should be enough to trigger any hidden ability .)
wilfred didn't hesitate to resume the battle . it didn't take him much to seize the wing since he had hordes of cultivators , hybrids , and magical beasts supporting him .
noah helped where he could . his attacks were almost useless , but they managed to change the trajectory of some of the creature's attacks . the winged lion was dangerous even in that form , so his efforts saved many lives and stopped multiple attacks from reaching their destination .
white lines spread through the room after the experts severed the wings . they converged toward the lion and made its three fake cores shine . the heads began to radiate a white halo that almost blinded the opponent army .
after the halo dimmed , noah felt a sudden surge of pain coming from his body . he had sensed an impact , but the situation was too strange to understand what had happened .
his senses soon gave him a general idea of what had happened during the outburst of white light . the winged lion had attacked everyone in its surroundings , and noah was one of them .





chapter 1605 1605 . heads
noah found himself on the wall of the large hall . a horizontal cut threatened to divide his already maimed body into two parts . the unstable substance had saved him from the sudden attack , but his condition was far from ideal .
divine demon , wilfred , jordan , and ian were in a similar condition . the attack had divided jordan and ian's bodies into two parts and left them without legs . wilfred's waist only featured a large cut , while divine demon had lost a large chunk of his torso together with the lower part of his figure .
the winged lion had also changed . the burst of light had added a few body parts to its figure . multiple sharp limbs now grew from its back and allowed it to stagger toward its opponents .
those new limbs resembled sharp spider legs capable of performing sudden attacks . they were so quick that king elbass and theodora had to retreat to escape from their range .
- why would you even give it power-ups?
 noah cursed in his mind before unfolding his dark world .
his annoyance toward great builder had reached a new level after that exchange . his body would be fine , but jordan and ian were in critical condition . divine demon wasn't fine either , but his azure energy was already helping him recovering his dantian .
the currents of dark matter picked the severed lower bodies and forced them to reconnect with their owners . jordan and ian felt better after (breath) resumed flowing through their organs , but they immediately understood that their battle was over .
the dark world could only help them recover faster . the technique couldn't heal such severe injuries , especially in hybrids due to their high requirements in terms of energy . jordan and ian had to stay still and let the natural healing properties of their bodies do their work .
(who can still fight?) noah asked , even if the dark world was giving him the answer to that question .
(i'm up .) wilfred snorted before standing up and forcing his muscles to bulge until they sealed the cut on his waist .
(i think i can handle one last attack .) divine demon shouted while his azure energy slowly reattached his torn flesh .
(i will fight !) jordan announced .
(me too !) ian joined that conversation .
(i don't need corpses to be in the way .) noah snorted while applying a series of dense layers of dark matter around jordan and ian .
(did anyone die yet?) noah asked . (i need to burn something .)
some of the magical beasts took his joke seriously and shot through the dark world to reach his position . those creatures were willing to give their life to make him recover , but noah only sighed at that sight .
(we will make rules for that .) noah sighed before focusing on the golden expert . (elbas , give me something to recover . try to help jordan and ian too .)
(do you think i can fix your mess every time?) king elbass asked .
(that's your role in my great organization .) noah proudly announced before forcing himself to stand up .
his condition was awful . bloodthirsty thoughts filled his mind , injuries covered his body , and blood poured from the last cut on his waist .
the lack of materials to burn in the trial had rendered his flames useless . his innate ability couldn't burn the winged lion either , so noah had never managed to recover since the beginning of the battle .
(i might have something for you .) king elbass sighed while continuing to retreat .
king elbass let a flask float among the currents of dark matter , and noah promptly made it fly in his hands . the bottle contained a dark liquid that seemed to radiate an aura that matched noah's law .
(did you make this for me?) noah teased king elbass while breaking the seal on the bottle .
(i did not !) king elbass shouted . (i have happened to see your flames a few times , and i grew curious . that method is so inefficient , so i created something only to prove that i was right .)
noah had already stopped listening to king elbass . he emptied the bottle inside the dark world and studied that substance with the help of his technique .
the black liquid resembled a simple mass of pure energy that carried noah's aura . his instincts even told him that he could directly drink that substance instead of burning it .
noah decided to give the liquid a try . the black substance condensed in the shape of a pill and flowed toward his mouth .
an immense surge of power filled noah's body . his injuries instantly healed , and his bloodlust vanished . the drug had made him return to his peak in an instant .
(how many of them do you have?) noah asked while checking his condition .
(i did only one of them .) king elbass snorted . (i'm not as selfless as my son . i don't waste my skills on others .)
noah had begun to ignore him again . the winged lion was running through the hall , and only its casual stumbling allowed the others to survive . its coordination was awful , but noah couldn't underestimate it anyway .
(let's focus on the heads this time around .) noah conveyed through the dark world . (we can't survive with the slow approach .)
(the new legs are weak on the joints .) king elbass explained . (they are too fast for us . i don't know how you plan to reach the heads .)
(can you slow them down?) noah asked .
(it's quite impossible .) king elbass revealed .
(what if i join you?) theodora asked , and luke , pearl , and other experts also appeared behind her .
(how slow are we talking about?) king elbass asked after glancing at the other experts .
(make them stop for an instant .) noah ordered . (wilfred with me . everyone else must wait for my signal .)
(what's the plan?) wilfred asked while flying toward noah .
(we blow one head after i take care of the new legs .) noah announced , and his words spread through the entire hall . (the others must destroy the other two .)
(how can we even pass through those legs?) wilfred continued to question him . (one instant won't be enough . many will die .)
(we send the expendable troops then .) noah laughed as a series of dark figures materialized among the waves of dark matter .
an army of massive rank 8 turtles gathered around noah and wilfred before flying in front of them . those products of the workshop would be their meat shield .
noah glanced toward the winged lion . a storm of slashes flew out of its violent legs , but they always dispersed after flying for a few meters . those attacks were only consequences of the immense power released by those new limbs .
(slow them down !) noah roared , and the experts activated their methods to stop the puppet .
king elbass threw runes , pearl used a strange ethereal whip , and luke gathered mental energy until he launched a dense needle . the other experts were also working with the trio , and they joined their offensive to stop the legs .
the sharp legs stopped for an instant before moving again . still , they seemed heavier and out of shape now . it was as if something had seeped into their insides .
a series of explosions suddenly ran through the hall . noah had relied on all the instabilities inside his separate space to destroy the legs . his tactic also featured snore , night , and duanlong . the three companions had to launch precise attacks toward the joints .
most of those quick legs slowly fell apart , and the rest of the army finally had free access to the puppet . noah and wilfred shot forward , and the turtles stepped up whenever the creature wanted to stretch one of its maimed legs .
noah and wilfred attacked together . the singularity and the punch landed on the lion's neck at the same time .
one head fell toward the ground , and a figure suddenly appeared next to the experts . divine demon was barely alive , but he didn't hesitate to place his head on one of the necks and turn it into a melted mess .
(the others now !) noah roared while grabbing divine demon and retreating .
wilfred ran in the opposite way , but he left a path for the rest of the army . all the experts there managed to attack the last head in a matter of seconds .





chapter 1606 - 1606 . improvements
a rain of magical beasts , multicolored flames , and cultivators fell on the winged lion . the army targeted the base of the last head with their offensive , and they eventually managed to rip it off .
the metal creature crumbled at that point . the energy that kept it together vanished , so its fabric shattered and transformed into black shards that accumulated on the floor .
noah quickly went to gather those materials , and a few experts followed him . wilfred , king elbass , pearl , luke , and other cultivators interested in the inscriptions behind that creation couldn't wait to study the metal .
the group didn't have to talk about the distribution of those resources . they had been together for so long that they could quickly decide how to split the materials .
noah had already taken one leg , but no one dared to speak when he decided to store one of the heads . the same went for king elbass since he had been crucial in clearing the whole layer . instead , wilfred decided to let the other experts study the last head before claiming it .
divine demon didn't care about those materials . jordan and ian wouldn't say no to those resources , but their influence on the battle didn't grant them that privilege . the two hybrids settled for a large share of the metal shards and felt satisfied .
the rest of the shards went to the remaining hybrids and magical beasts . that material carried many nutrients that those existences could use to improve if handled correctly . after all , the upper tier was only one step behind the ninth rank , so any piece of metal was a priceless treasure .
the army didn't have the time to cheer after that victory . some magical beasts had died during the battle , and many of the leaders had suffered severe injuries . they all had to recover , especially since they still had another layer to clear .
noah sat among his underlings and let his aura fill the hall . a door had opened on the other side of the staircase , but he didn't care about it just yet .
- i didn't think i could improve my body so easily .
noah thought while inspecting the severed head .
an oval fake center of power tried to activate the severed head . the item contained enough energy to fuel an upper tier creature , so noah ended up desiring to eat it right away .
noah suppressed his instincts to study the fake core . the item didn't radiate any peculiar aura . it was a simple mass of power , but it was far more complex than the prototypes described in the four books .
- i might be unable to understand its real power .
noah thought before closing his eyes and gathering his consciousness around the severed head .
noah's ambition surged . he had managed to accumulate some potential after the last victories in the fifth layer . every trial could defeat liquid stage cultivators , so his law had grown after his multiple feats .
his aura flowed inside his mental waves and transformed them into something more than thoughts . it made them become pure carriers of his existence that managed to sense the faint meaning inside that seemingly neutral energy .
an intense desire to live suddenly filled his mind . part of the energy contained inside the item tried to reach his mental sea , but the black hole promptly sent dark matter to create a defensive layer around his mental walls .
noah could soon think clearly again , but he didn't disregard the emotions felt during that inspection . the oval center of power contained far more than pure energy . it was a clear statement of great builder's inheritance and feelings .
noah bathed in those sensations while his companions recovered . the faint feeling contained in that energy flowed inside him and gave him a better understanding of great builder's law .
the expert's law carried features that noah had already seen before . it was an expression of life , but it had far more complexity to it .
great builder seemed able to turn bricks into life forms . his influence was strong enough to force stones to breathe .
noah could study the materials , but his companions met many hindrances in that process . the ones who could find part of those meanings didn't care about them . divine demon and wilfred were brutes . only king elbass could reach noah's conclusions .
(who wants to pick it up?) noah asked , and king elbass didn't hesitate to stand up .
the expert walked toward the new room and quickly returned while showing an old tome . king elbass had retrieved the fifth piece of the inheritance , and the pyramid cheered about that event .
the whole structure trembled . it sent noah and the others back into the fifth layer and chanted mysterious hymns that made the earthquakes more intense .
the same neutral aura coming from the head flowed through the various corridors and empty rooms . that energy wanted to make the air transform , but it suppressed its influence before anything could happen .
- we are close , but not yet .
noah concluded in his mind before sending the severed head and leg inside the dark world .
the currents of dark matter proceeded to weaken those materials so that noah could finally absorb them . some of the experts in this group deployed similar methods to turn those resources into nutrients .
the dark world took care of handling those materials . it slowly turned them into energy that the black hole could send to his body .
noah had the time to study the new book while the dark world handled the purification . the fifth piece of the inheritance explained how to improve the products of the workshop further .
noah had already understood that he had to fill his creations with his law to make them reach the eighth rank , but the middle tier teachings dived deeper into that topic .
those creations weren't a matter of laws or domains . they had to become separate existences after they left the workshop . the technique could only set their meanings , but they had to remain different existences .
noah had done the same with snore and duanlong . the two blood companions shared a tight connection with his existence , but they were separate entities . the next level of the workshop required him to do the same with all the disposable magical beasts created through that technique .
- i should be able to solve everything with my ambition and expertise .
noah thought once he finished reading the fifth book .
- my connection with the dark matter should never give them the chance to escape my control anyway .
noah's workshop was different from great builder's technique . it only used two resources , and noah avoided wasting fake cores most of the time .
that difference didn't allow noah to rely on the fifth book completely . it granted him the knowledge that he lacked , but it prevented him from abiding by all those teachings .
- i can't even use resources coming from rank 9 cultivators anymore .
noah cursed in his mind , but his annoyance soon vanished .
noah was in that situation because his existence was unique , and he already had multiple techniques that covered most fields . he didn't need anything else . the books could only improve his version of the workshop and polish some of its aspects .
(is it time to go up?) pearl asked and broke the silence that had fallen in the hall .
(nothing more to do here .) divine demon shouted . (i wonder how alexander did on the sixth layer . i wouldn't mind challenging him in some trials .)





chapter 1607 - 1607 . cool
noah couldn't do much with the fifth book , but that reward still taught him something . its lessons didn't only involve the workshop . they even explained ways to improve the fake cores .
of course , noah didn't need those teachings for himself . his centers of power were nigh-perfect due to the influence of the black hole . still , his companions might need some work at some point , and he wouldn't dare to miss that knowledge .
noah reviewed the teachings of the fifth book while the army approached the sixth layer . the energy contained inside the head also flowed toward his black hole while the clearing of the pyramid reached its last phase .
absorbing energy in the upper tier wasn't easy , especially since noah was still in the gaseous stage . it would take him time to absorb that power , but he wasn't in a hurry to complete the process .
noah was confident that the energy inside the head would push his body into the middle tier . a long sleep would follow that breakthrough , and noah couldn't allow that during the exploration .
the group was mostly safe inside the pyramid , but they didn't underestimate the power wielded by rank 9 existences . noah and the others were unaware of radiant eyes' condition and whereabouts , but they didn't dare to waste time anyway .
the state of the sixth layer left the entire army speechless . pearl had confirmed that the balrow family didn't explore much of that place , but its current condition was far different from her reports .
all the trials in the sixth layer were empty . the army couldn't find a single room that still featured defenses . someone had overcome every test and snatched the resources hidden behind them .
- he did a great job .
noah thought while countless empty rooms crossed his vision .
peal had confirmed that the pyramid was empty before their arrival . the only expert in the sixth layer was alexander . the expert had cleared all the tests on his own while the army was busy in the fifth layer .
king elbass did his best to find the path toward the deeper parts of the layer quickly . he unraveled the maze and led the army in front of the last trial , where they found a familiar face waiting for them .
alexander sat in front of the last trial . his aura was a mess of magical beasts' faces and violent shockwaves . his influence almost hurt his companions , but he suppressed it as soon as he sensed their arrival .
(you really went all-out .) noah commented while studying alexander's poor condition .
(the legion needed my help .) alexander laughed . (suffering this much for my organization is nothing .)
noah could sense alexander's resolve inside those words . most experts abandoned their organizations once the ninth rank became close , but alexander was the opposite . his selflessness intensified together with his cultivation level .
(can we help out in the trials?) noah asked , but alexander limited himself to shake his head .
the expert wasn't underestimating his companions . alexander had long since realized that most of the newcomers were monsters , but his recent experience inside the sixth layer made him decide to keep them outside of the tests .
(you wouldn't be able to surpass the initial tests .) alexander explained . (leave everything to me . i'll take care of this layer and complete the inheritance .)
divine demon and the others wanted to complain , but they couldn't say anything in that situation . they had also sensed alexander's resolve , and they didn't want to disrespect it .
(open your mind .) noah eventually sighed . (i'll take care of as many ethereal creatures as possible before leaving the rest to you .)
(don't go overboard .) alexander whispered while revealing a broad smile .
(you can't say that after clearing a whole layer by yourself .) noah replied . (you could have left something for us .)
(these are the resources gathered in the previous tests .) alexander ignored noah's last words while handing a space-ring to wilfred . (i shouldn't die , but don't try to approach the test at your current level nonetheless . hide here until you become strong enough to approach the ninth rank .)
(that sounds like a bother .) wilfred snorted . (clear the damned test , and don't make me wait .)
(anyone wants to make bets on alexander's performance?) divine demon shouted .
most of the army ignored divine demon , but some of the experts in pearl and luke's team slowly approached him while handing of space-rings that contained their bets . almost all of them believed that alexander would complete the trials in less than two months .
noah and alexander ignored the commotion around them and began to focus on the procedure . noah's mental waves seeped inside alexander's mind and devoured every ethereal figure in sight .
his ability had improved after the continuous use back in the outer lands . noah felt more confident during the process , and his experience in mental battles allowed him to devise new approaches .
noah preferred to devour the ethereal figures inside alexander's mind since he wouldn't be in danger there , but the situation didn't allow him to play it safe . he could suffer annoying mental injuries , while alexander had to be at his peak .
the training sessions took a long time . noah had already devoured all the weak magical beasts , so he had to deal with the strong ones now .
fighting those ghosts inside alexander's head was complex due to his limited amount of mental energy . those mental battles also lasted longer since the ethereal magical beasts had power in the eighth rank .
noah had to build a mental bridge between their minds and let part of the ethereal figures flow inside his sea of consciousness before starting his mental battles . his head ended up screaming in pain due to that sudden pressure , but noah endured that feeling and slowly destroyed those ghosts .
alexander slowly regained some calm . he even grew stronger after noah took care of most of the lower tier creatures .
noah didn't stop there . he soon began to approach middle tier magical beasts , even if he didn't dare to fight them among their army . he had to rely on his entire experience in mental battles to handle that mess .
powerful creatures entered noah's mind while the dark matter assaulted them and suppressed their power . noah's sea of consciousness became a battlefield that featured only one enemy at the time , but his mind still trembled non-stop whenever an exchange happened .
his mental walls had thinned after his recent abuse of the devouring properties of his mental waves , but the dark matter took care of reinforcing them . noah could go all-out inside his mind without worrying about hurting himself . only the sudden outburst of the middle tier creatures could threaten to injure him .
still , noah remained extremely careful , even if the mental battles were his realm . he managed to win those fights , and alexander soon gained a level of clarity that he didn't experience in millennia .
(i wish you could have been here during my past outburst .) alexander exclaimed after noah broke the mental connection . (i didn't know you could be so efficient .)
(i must go overboard from time to time .) noah sighed . (a safe approach can't always work .)
(will you be fine?) alexander asked in a worried tone .
(some tempering under the white sky will solve my issue .) noah revealed . (you should focus on the trial for now . go and enjoy being the cool leader . you won't have that privilege once i surpass you .)





chapter 1608 - 1608 . meaning
alexander left right after noah devoured as many ethereal magical beasts as possible . he only remained outside the trial to give a series of directives and goodbyes to his companions before approaching the test and disappearing behind the large metal door at the end of the corridor .
noah felt weak . his mind had enlarged quickly , and the energy inside the head was improving his body at a steady pace . yet , he felt drained and frail .
- my mental walls have reached their limit .
noah thought while inspecting his condition .
devouring ethereal magical beasts thinned his mental walls and made him uncomfortable about his current condition . noah knew that he couldn't fight in that state . a mistake during a battle could make his sea of consciousness crumble right now .
it was rare for noah to decide to put himself in such a poor condition , especially when he didn't gain clear improvements in battle prowess in exchange for those drawbacks .
the process had brought immense benefits to his mind , but it had been too sudden and forceful . noah would typically take his time to reinforce his mental walls after every devouring session , but his situation didn't allow him to make his benefits a priority .
great builder was his best chance to survive the rank 9 threats in the human domain , and alexander was the only existence inside the legion who could complete his revival . noah had to sacrifice himself in that situation .
- no point playing it safe anymore .
noah thought after alexander's figure disappeared .
- i have enough energy to push my body into the middle tier . i should approach the breakthrough .
the inheritance didn't give noah the chance to do anything else , so he decided to focus on improving his foundation . he would have to take alexander's place if the expert failed , so it was better to close the gap that divided him from that level of power .
radiant eye's dense liquid had already benefitted noah's power . absorbing upper tier resources would make him able to push his body toward the peak of the lower tier and approach the breakthrough .
the harsh requirements of his body didn't worry noah either . he had amassed countless resources and entire mountains of soul stones during his past adventures . the black hole could use all of them to fill any gap that the upper tier materials didn't manage to fill .
noah went into one of the empty rooms of the sixth layer and approached the breakthrough . his dark world expanded on its own as drowsiness filled his frail mind . he felt unable to delay that sensation in his current condition , so he fell asleep in an instant .
the sleep felt strange . noah was completely aware of his surroundings during that procedure , but his mental waves barely managed to leave his mind .
that discovery made noah feel quite elated . it seemed that his mind was strong enough to keep him partially awake even during the breakthrough .
- i might have underestimated my improvements after devouring so many ghosts .
noah thought while keeping track of the energy flowing through his body and reinforcing its tissues .
the amount of energy depleted during the process was immense . most middle tier magical beasts wouldn't ever come close to that power during their breakthrough to the upper tier . noah's requirements had only grown steeper as he advanced through the cultivation journey .
the energy given by the upper tier resources eventually ended , but the black hole promptly controlled his separate space and began to crush soul stones to use their power .
noah had long since acc .u .mulated more than a million soul stones . he was richer than entire organizations led by multiple rank 8 cultivators , but the breakthrough depleted his resources at a breathtaking pace .
mountains of soul stones vanished whenever his body required more energy . the black hole wasn't stingy when it came to that procedure . it aimed to make noah's body perfect , which required an immense amount of power .
no one dared to enter the room while noah faced the breakthrough . the other experts even imitated him and secluded themselves to improve their foundation .
they all knew that a battle would arrive soon . it didn't matter whether radiant eyes had survived the fight . noah's group had gained heaven and earth's attention , so someone would eventually hunt them down .
multiple breakthroughs happened while noah's body evolved . all the experts and magical beasts in the army had gained many resources and experience during the trials , so most of them were ready to improve .
fergie's breakthrough surprised most experts . he entered a room as a peak rank 7 cultivator and exited it a few months later as an existence in the eighth rank . he had finally stepped past the realm of gods , and his companions couldn't help but rejoice at that feat .
some concerns arose after a few years passed . the army couldn't hear anything from the other side of the huge door , so they couldn't check alexander's condition . still , they had nowhere else to go . focusing on their training sessions seemed the only feasible tactic .
noah eventually opened his eyes , and a roar came out of his mouth . his cry announced to his companions that his breakthrough had been a success . a series of experts soon gathered in front of his room and expressed their compliments .
the breakthrough didn't bring any new ability . it had significantly improved noah's physical strength and reinforced his black vessels , but nothing more than that .
noah couldn't complain about the breakthrough . he didn't expect anything significant to happen since his abilities had mostly remained the same during the last period . the addition of supreme thief's technique didn't even involve his body , so he knew that nothing would change because of it .
his awakening didn't manage to keep his companions' attention on him for too long since the tall door at the end of the corridor suddenly opened and revealed alexander limping through the area .
the expert appeared exhausted . alexander had powerful healing abilities in his arsenal , but he didn't have any energy left to activate them .
alexander had lost one eye and his left arm . his robe was nothing more than strands of torn clothes that didn't manage to cover his awful condition .
countless injuries covered his body . entire chunks of his skin and organs had disappeared , and blood continued to flow from his wounds since he didn't have enough energy to stop it .
however , alexander wore a hideous broad smile as he approached his companions . an old book rested on his hand . it seemed that the expert had succeeded in completing the last trial and seize the reward .
(elbas , take care of healing him .) noah ordered while hurrying toward alexander . (pearl and the other inscription masters have to come with me .)
(being half a step in front of me doesn't give you the right to order me around .) king elbass snorted even if he took out a series of precious potions meant for hybrids . (i will reach the liquid stage before you . i already sense the approach of the breakthrough .)
(this isn't the time for that .) noah reprimanded him before pointing at the tall door that divided them from the last parts of the inheritance . (we took the last book , but nothing happened . i don't even see the usual white lines running through the corridor .)
(what are you implying?) king elbass asked .
(i know for a fact that great builder is trying to come back to life .) noah explained . (clearing the inheritance and seizing the books didn't trigger that process . he might be a liar , but there is a higher chance that we have missed something .)
the confused expressions on his companions' faces forced noah to continue his explanation . (the books aren't simple rewards . they must have a deeper meaning , which might be the technique to resurrect him .)





chapter 1609 - 1609 . revelations
all the inscription masters inside the pyramid gathered to inspect the six pieces of great builder's inheritance . there had to be something in the books that could lead to the expert's resurrection , and they had to find it to take care of the rank 9 threats in the human domain .
noah , king elbass , pearl , her companions from the balrow family , and one expert in luke's team met in one of the empty rooms to review the six books . most of them took a while to understand their contents . still , noah and those who had already accomplished something in that field didn't hold back their explanations .
(we know that the entire pyramid is a huge workshop .) pearl said after everyone had committed the contents of the six books to memory . (we also know that it contains countless valuable materials . this can't be a case .)
(we explored the entire pyramid .) paul , the expert from luke's group , replied . (i didn't see anything capable of activating something so massive .)
(the trigger must be inside the secret chamber .) king elbass explained . (the problem is that neither of us is up for the task . i might be arrogant , but i can only dream about building something in the ninth rank .)
(the pyramid must have multiple methods to trigger the procedure .) noah added . (i don't see a rank 9 expert relying on random contestants for his resurrection . we wouldn't even think about doing it if it weren't for radiant eyes .)
(what are you implying?) pearl asked . (do you think that the resurrection will start on its own even if we don't do anything?)
(it would make sense .) noah continued . (i would never put the greatest achievement of my life in the hands of some strangers . great builder must have created a failsafe or something similar .)
(that only makes the situation scarier .) one of pearl's companions said . (an expert at that level would normally start the procedure right away , but great builder is giving us the chance to complete it on our own . i don't know . it feels like a secret trial .)
(what would the purpose of the trial even be?) paul asked . (we cleared the entire pyramid . we are worthy of his inheritance . i don't understand why great builder would add this last hindrance .)
(did anyone try to leave the pyramid?) noah asked before the experts could fall silent .
(of course not .) pearl replied . (we don't know how far radiant eyes' consciousness can reach . the pyramid is covering our presence , so no one can leave the structure until great builder comes back .)
(what do you have in mind?) king elbass asked .
(i'll send one of my magical beasts outside .) noah sighed . (we will know if my guess is right soon enough .)
noah contacted fergie and told him his plan . the expert ordered one of the rank 7 magical beasts to leave the pyramid , but the creature found the exit sealed .
fergie tried to do the same for all the exits on the other layers , and he even tested the secret doors hidden under trapdoors and similar passages . neither of them gave his underlings the chance to leave . the pyramid had trapped all of them .
(it should be as i feared .) noah explained after hearing fergie's report . (we might be a core part of the second approach to the resurrection . the pyramid might sacrifice us to bring great builder back to life .)
his revelation made sense , but that only caused his companions to worry . they couldn't help but feel that their efforts had been in vain . after all , they had struggled to explore one of the most dangerous places in the entire human domain only to end up in a trap .
(a trial doesn't only lead to death .) king elbass suddenly announced and forced the other experts to suppress their complaints . (great builder has never been stingy on rewards . i bet that this last test will also give something great .)
(what can this madman even offer us at this point? !) pearl shouted to express her anger . (we have been in this place for entire years already . we have enough resources and techniques to build a force capable of taking down the entire human domain . what else can we even desire? !)
the experts fell silent , and king elbass did the same . he didn't have the answer to that question . he couldn't understand what else he could desire either .
(you will get to see the path .) noah eventually revealed . (the pyramid will give us the chance to create a rank 9 item if we are right about this . this experience is worth more than any resource .)
noah couldn't be sure about that , but his words made perfect sense . rank 8 existences could survive without resources and techniques , but they wouldn't be able to advance without understanding their path .
great builder wanted to give that to his contestant . he desired to teach them about the path toward the ninth rank . noah had no idea how the expert planned to do it , but he couldn't wait to find out .
(it's pointless to hesitate .) noah sighed before standing up . (let's take this matter directly to great builder . i hope he will tell us what to do .)
king elbass' eyes lit up before he nodded toward noah . pearl and her companions did the same once they understood what noah was talking about .
it was time to bring the matter to the only expert who could give them proper answers . noah and the others had to go inside the secret chamber and hear what the aura had to say about the whole situation .
king elbass and pearl decided to follow noah on his trip toward the secret area . the army saw them walking by , but no one replied to the growing concern .
fergie didn't withhold information . he had told wilfred and the others about the sealed exits . it was only normal for the various underlings and experts to feel scared about that problem .
an intense pressure fell on noah , king elbass , and pearl when the trio entered the secret chamber . the scenery was identical to noah's last visit , except for the lack of items outside of the invisible barriers .
the aura of the pyramid conveyed its feelings before noah could ask any question . a current of information suddenly flowed in the trio's mind and made them aware of great builder's actual plan .
at first , the aura confirmed noah's worries . the pyramid was ready to take his life and turn every contestant into materials for great builder's resurrection .
then , it began to describe other approaches . some of them even saw the pyramid branding the army and sending it to the outside world to gather more resources .
in the end , the pyramid explained the first method . it told noah and the others how they could activate the massive workshop and find all the resources they needed .
the rewards offered by the pyramid for the first method surpassed noah's imagination . the structure wouldn't only show his army how to reach the ninth rank . it would also guide them through the various breakthroughs that they had yet to face .
the pyramid even explained why it couldn't start the procedure right away . it turned out that the method was far from perfect due to the lack of proper inscription masters . the structure couldn't recreate great builder in its best form . it would forsake its master's harmony without actual experts helping in the process .





chapter 1610 - 1610 . help
the pyramid explained how it intended to make noah and the others approach great builder's resurrection . the procedure was extremely appealing for those experts . it would make them experience the creation of rank 9 items first-hand .
inscription masters would pay any price to gain access to that knowledge . they would gain experience in the creation of items that stood at the peak of the cultivation journey . no one would even dare to refuse that offer .
noah and the others felt the same . king elbass was so excited about the whole procedure that he risked starting it before warning his allies .
the preparations for the resurrection began immediately . noah and the other inscription masters involved during the procedure brought the army at the center of the third layer and made it wait for further dispositions .
the pyramid then proceeded to give more directions . it made noah summon specific experts who were essential to the procedure due to their unique existence .
noah summoned divine demon , wilfred , alexander , luke , theodora , and even a few magical beasts . the leader of the foolery and some other creature in the eighth rank had to gather in the secret chamber before the procedure could start .
(we are ready .) noah announced once all the experts gathered among those invisible barriers .
the pyramid replied to his words by unleashing a series of earthquakes that spread through the whole structure . the dark-yellow bricks shook as walls , floors , and ceilings moved to create an inscription hall worthy of witnessing great builder's resurrection .
the room containing great builder's corpse descended toward the center of the pyramid . the structure had created a large empty area there , but waves of resources soon fell inside it .
a series of walls became transparent and allowed the rest of the army to watch the scene . the pyramid had even created stages from which the experts could inspect the whole procedure .
noah and the others remained speechless . countless materials in the eighth rank fell from tunnels that filled that immense dark-yellow hall . those resources created proper waterfalls made of items that organizations would kill to obtain .
the clanging noises generated by the multicolored waterfalls stopped at some point . then , a dense aura spread through the immense hall and attracted the experts' attention .
three oval cores that radiated a blinding white light came out of the tunnels and fell among the piles of resources . their aura was almost able to suffocate the inscription masters and the experts on the stages . even alexander struggled to remain calm in front of those materials .
- three fake cores in the ninth rank .
noah thought while studying those items .
his senses didn't allow him to go past that suffocating aura , but he had no doubt . the pyramid contained three rank 9 fake cores , and it wanted to use them to resurrect its master .
an even denser aura then filled the dark-yellow hall . noah and the others could sense the pyramid's will trying to seep into their minds and desiring to take control of their bodies .
the experts were aware of that procedure . the pyramid had warned them . noah and the others were too weak to handle the resurrection , and their knowledge was also unsuitable for the task . the structure had to take control of their bodies to empower their abilities .
noah let the aura seep into his mind . a deep knowledge crossed his mental walls and fused with his mental sea , giving him an understanding of the procedure that he couldn't obtain otherwise .
the other experts soon imitated noah , and they immediately felt glad to be in that situation . the pyramid was giving them the understanding of a rank 9 existence . it was making them take a trip inside great builder's mind .
noah didn't know how to express what he felt . he had been through a similar experience with shandal's thoughts , but the feelings generated by that experience made him partially change his view of the world .
great builder's experience was immense . very few experts had reached a similar level of knowledge , and even fewer had done that while stepping into the ninth rank .
the world in noah's eyes had changed . he didn't see materials or resources anymore . there were only laws in his vision , and noah could instinctively understand which item they created through their structure .
his eyes also told him how to transform those laws into actual living beings . great builder seemed fond of improving everything in the world . he could see life forms in every material that entered his vision .
noah felt strange . a peculiar power had slowly begun to run through his veins . he was stronger than ever , but that power didn't belong to him , so he didn't let it trigger his instincts .
the power forced his body to move against his will . noah and the other inscription masters raised their hands and chanted hymns toward the incredible expert they wanted to resurrect .
the pyramid even made them express their laws during the process . noah's ambition , king elbass' curiosity , alexander's hunger , divine demon's desire to win , and many other peculiar laws flowed through the inscription hall and fused with the heavy aura .
the aura slightly changed after absorbing those influences . it empowered those different laws and created ethereal copies of the experts who had taken the role of inscription masters .
noah's vision went dark for an instant before everything became clear again . yet , he didn't find himself in his body . his whole figure had turned ethereal during that short moment .
the same had happened to the other inscription masters . their consciousness moved on the ethereal figures generated by the aura . they had become products of the pyramid after that process .
the pyramid had explained that too . noah and the others needed to oversee the procedure , but they couldn't do it in their real bodies . neither of them carried enough power to handle the resurrection of the ninth rank existence .
(let's do this .) noah eventually announced once every ethereal figure began to move .
the massive wave of knowledge that had flown inside their minds had taught them how to proceed . the ethereal figures even removed their physical limits . noah and the others could go all-out and perform inscriptions meant to build rank 9 resources .
great builder's corpse was the core material behind the resurrection . however , it was far from enough . the expert's centers of power had suffered too much during the eras spent without using them .
the pyramid wanted to rebuild the centers of power . great builder had to be the last creation of the workshop , and he even had to go beyond the usual standards of those products .
great builder had to resurrect as a rank 9 existence that carried all his previous abilities and power . the pyramid even wanted the expert to come out better than before , but noah didn't bother to overthink that .
the experts immediately started the procedure . they waved their hands , and countless materials began to melt .
the piles of resources transformed into multicolored pools that rose inside the hall to create dark pillars . those structures then sent the power inside great builder's body and began to awaken his stagnant centers of power .
the three rank 9 fake cores eventually rose , but they remained in front of the inscription masters as if waiting for them to pick them .
noah would love to seize one of those items , but his very survival depended on the success of the mission . it didn't take him much to understand what to do , and the dark world soon came out of his real body to fill the entire hall .





chapter 1611 - 1611 . danger
the dark world transformed during its expansion . the nature of the dark matter flowing in its insides changed as its power increased .
the dense liquid-like currents solidified until they became a black metal that filled the whole dark-yellow hall . then , their power increased further until they exploded into a raging black storm .
a similar process happened to his companions . a pure expression of their laws flowed through the hall and improved until it reached levels of power that they had yet to touch .
king elbass' curiosity intensified as it flew through the hall . it became a golden radiance that seeped in every material and made him understand their structures .
the world around divine demon fell apart under the influence of his aura . even the bricks of the pyramid seemed unable to withstand his overbearing law .
alexander's hunger shattered the bricks and multiplied the primary energy released in the process . he seemed able to generate power from nothing .
theodora's mental waves became able to see the true nature inside the laws around her . she could understand the faint desires carried by that matter , and part of its power flowed inside her after obtaining that knowledge .
luke's thoughts began to transform the matter and force it to obtain a different nature . the laws morphed according to his will without requiring additional energy .
the foolery's influence transformed some of the weaker materials into resources full of energy without investing anything . he could generate power by simply spreading its aura .
similar events happened for the other experts . the pyramid had copied their laws and put their consciousness inside ethereal figures to make them able to withstand that power . the structure was showing their path and was replicating its effects .
the benefits of that procedure didn't only involve their sight . noah and the others were wielding that superior power as if it was theirs . they were experiencing those techniques in their strongest form .
the effects the techniques caused in the matter around them also gave more hints about the end of their path . those experts could partially see what they would become at the peak of the cultivation journey .
the experience was breathtaking . the various auras didn't even affect each other . the pyramid was restraining their effects on the bricks that made the immense hall .
noah felt that his control over his power often vanished . the pyramid automatized as many parts of the procedure as possible , so he rarely had to act .
still , noah didn't feel the need to do anything in front of that spectacle . he only wanted to watch and learn how his law would play out once he reached the ninth rank .
more materials began to melt or shatter while the various auras pressed on their structure . even the sturdiest metals bent in front of influences that had become able to handle rank 9 materials .
great builder's corpse left the bed and flew toward the center of the three rank 9 fake cores . a vertical cut that ran from his head to his toes then opened and made everyone in the area suppress gasps .
the pyramid's aura was keeping great builder's corpse in the air and ready to receive the new materials . noah and the others could only move on the three fake cores at that point , and those items transformed under their influence .
the experts' auras worked together to improve the fake cores and adapt them to great builder's existence . great builder was right in front of their eyes , so they could study him while completing the procedure .
the fake cores crumbled before regaining their original shape under the influence of those auras . they became stronger and changed form as the process continued , but they soon transformed into entirely different items .
one of the fake cores took the shape of great builder's body . it copied his face and various features perfectly before halting its transformations .
the second fake core transformed into a small shining sphere that reminded noah of a dantian . it even contained rank 9 (breath) that suited great builder's law .
the third lost its shape . it became a dense gas of white thoughts ready to flow inside great builder's mind . that material was almost as shiny as the dantian .
the experts then finished melting the materials acc .u .mulated on the floor and made their energy flow inside great builder . his injury slowly healed , but the pyramid opened the cut again since it needed it to complete the procedure .
the three modified fake cores then flew toward great builder . they fused with his centers of power and tried to give life to those organs .
the effects of the pyramid's aura slowly disappeared . the ethereal figures began to vanish as the heavy aura's attention went on great builder . noah and the others slowly returned to their bodies and regained control of their actions .
the experts fell on the floor and experienced the most intense weakness of their entire life . their centers of power were almost empty , but neither of them dared to complain about their state .
the pyramid had given them the best experience of their life . they knew where their techniques and laws would lead them at the end of the cultivation journey .
the process continued at the center of the immense hall . the pyramid closed the injury after the three fake cores fused with great builder's centers of power before creating a series of defensive layers around the expert .
the array of defenses gathered around great builder and created something like a chrysalis . his aura then vanished altogether , and even the pyramid stopped applying its heavy pressure .
everything went silent . only the white light radiated by the strange chrysalis in the air made the experts understand that the procedure was still ongoing .
the light radiated by the dark-yellow bricks dimmed , and the random tremors that ran through the pyramid stopped . the resurrection had reached its last phase , so the structure had to focus its entire attention on great builder .
noah and the others didn't have the time to mind those changes . their minds were still wandering through the many feelings experienced during the procedure .
they wanted to seclude themselves right away and see how beneficial that experience had been , but a series of lights suddenly ran through the floor and reached them .
the same went for their companions on the stages . white lines ran through the dark-yellow bricks and stopped only when they reached them .
noah and the others were about to devise methods to contact the pyramid's will , but their vision suddenly changed . a heavy force enveloped their figures and dragged them away from that structure .
the white light of the sky shone on the army for the first time in decades . the experts were right outside the pyramid , but neither of them managed to return inside it .
white lines ran on the surface of the pyramid , and earthquakes spread from its area . the structure didn't tremble , but the power that it was accumulating made the air and ground around it shake .
(we should focus on recovering our energy .) alexander exclaimed once a dangerous sensation appeared in his mind .
noah felt the same after a few seconds , and the other experts followed . they also began to sense that an immense danger was about to fall on them .
those experts didn't have to say anything else . their best hope to handle rank 9 threats was behind them , so they had to hold their ground until the resurrection was over .
noah and those who had been a core part of the procedure immersed themselves in training sessions to refill their centers of power while the others began to deploy defenses in the area . neither of them would hold back in front of an imminent threat .





chapter 1612 - 1612 . poetic
the pyramid continued to release flashes of white light as shining lines flowed through its surface . earthquakes filled the nearby regions and shattered the air above , but the army never stopped working .
noah and the others didn't even dare to leave that dangerous area . their instincts told them that something dangerous was coming , and great builder was their best chance to survive .
the experts who had taken part in great builder's resurrection secluded themselves to refill their centers of power . the knowledge and experience gained during the procedure were still vivid in their minds , which benefitted their training sessions .
noah felt as if his centers of power couldn't stand to remain at their current level anymore . they wanted to improve and reach the realms experienced during the procedure . even his newly advanced body couldn't settle for the middle tier .
the tense situation prevented noah from testing his new power , but he could sense that his battle prowess had taken a long step forward . the breakthrough of his body didn't only give him access to superior physical strength . it also granted him a larger amount of better primary energy .
the unstable substance and his martial arts would immensely benefit from that improvement . his new body would also allow him to endure more drawbacks from the cursed sword . it wasn't a stretch to say that noah had stepped on a whole new level .
months went by as the army prepared for the unknown threat . it didn't take much for the experts to come out of their training areas . king elbass was the first to rejoin the rest of the troops , and he immediately became the leader of all the inscription masters handling the various defenses .
noah and the others soon followed king elbass . alexander was the last to come out of his training area since his centers of power required more energy , but he eventually joined the rest of the army .
a tense period followed that event . noah and the others did their best to prepare for the imminent threat , but there was a limit to how much they could do . their power couldn't amount to much against a rank 9 existence .
the dangerous feeling intensified until it began to affect the army's mood . the magical beasts soon fell prey to that sensation , but noah's pride managed to keep them in check .
the cultivators eventually began to suffer under that constant pressure . they became jumpy and irritated since their mind could only sense death around them .
the feeling then hit the hybrids , and they had to rely on their leaders to keep their cool . alexander even had to rely on some of his techniques at times to keep their mood in check .
the dangerous feeling only became stronger . nothing seemed able to affect that mysterious power . even the shockwaves radiated by the pyramid didn't manage to suppress it .
it seemed that the tense situation would last forever , but a sudden event ended up bringing it to an end . an intense white radiance ran through the sky , and a human figure appeared on the ground at some distance from the army .
noah and those who had been with radiant eyes during her invasion of the human domain recognized that cultivator . he was the same expert that heaven and earth had sent to stop radiant eyes , but his condition was far worse than they recalled .
the white expert's face was ashen . his robe was a torn mess , and large patches of blood covered the few pieces of fabric that still hung on his body .
his aura didn't radiate light anymore . the expert appeared extremely weak , and he didn't even care about the existences in front of him .
noah and the others didn't know how to react at that sight . they were ready to launch their best attacks to that threat , but they weren't sure whether the expert was dangerous anymore .
the white cultivator didn't even look at the army . he only glanced behind his , and anxiety built in his expression whenever his instincts sensed something .
- heaven and earth are getting sloppy .
noah said in his mind .
it was clear what had happened , but most experts in the army didn't even dare to consider that option . noah wasn't among them , and an accurate guess played in his mind as the white expert struggled to catch his breath .
radiant eyes had clearly won the battle , and she had continued to chase the white expert while the army was inside the pyramid . yet , the cultivator had grown exhausted by then . it was clear that he couldn't escape anymore .
- he should hurry up .
noah thought while glancing at the pyramid .
a scarlet light eventually suppressed the white radiance and filled the sky . a massive humanoid giant appeared on the horizon and closed on noah's position in mere minutes .
the army could soon inspect the giant in its true might . the inscribed item didn't feature any crack , and it had also grown during the past years . it seemed that radiant eyes had become stronger since the first clash with the white expert .
(you would have managed to survive for a few centuries if you didn't step outside of that building .) radiant eyes' familiar voice came out of the faceless giant . (everything will end now . i can't condone betrayal .)
noah and the other leaders ignored her . they had prepared for a similar situation . they were ready to fight that hopeless battle and delay their death as long as possible .
- do you think you can hold her back?
 noah asked through his mental waves .
- not at all .
alexander replied .
- she is a rank 9 expert . i can only block one attack if she isn't serious .
- don't hold back on the disposable weapons .
noah reminded alexander .
- every second count . we must survive until great builder comes out .
- if he comes out .
king elbass complained while joining that conversation .
- we would have been crazy enough to face a rank 9 expert at least .
wilfred replied .
- they'll make songs about us .
- did he always have this poetic vibe?
 divine demon asked .
- lord wilfred is deeper than any of you .
ian answered .
- you are all idiots .
king elbass sighed .
- imagine dying with us .
divine demon laughed .
noah and alexander completely ignored that mental conversation and focused on their opponents . radiant eyes wasn't minding the army either . the white expert claimed the entirety of her attention .
(we can work something out !) the white expert shouted . (i am a follower of heaven and earth . my masters can give you everything you want !)
(where is the fun in that?) radiant eyes' voice echoed through the sky while the giant raised its massive hand . (heaven and earth couldn't stop me , so i'll take everything i want anyway .)
the giant's hand shot downward and reduced the expert to a bloody pulp before he could say anything . a rank 9 existence died right in front of the army , but its leaders didn't flinch .
(it's your turn now .) radiant eyes' voice echoed through the sky . (you threw away the chance to rule the immortal lands with me . i can't stand that offense .)
(how can you be so sure that your species can rule over the higher plane?) noah suddenly shouted . (you want perfection , right? why don't you test your underlings against us?)
(i can understand when someone is trying to buy some time .) radiant eyes replied .
(there is no fun in killing us with your power .) noah shrugged his shoulders . (i am trying to buy some time , but you are a rank 9 existence . what can we do to scare you?)
noah's words seemed to have the desired effect since a series of bees came out of the giant and filled the sky . their buzzing noise was deafening , but it was the best sound in the world in noah's mind .





chapter 1613 - 1613 . talent
(how can you make people angry so easily?) alexander asked without bothering to use his mental waves .
(he got his individuality all wrong .) jordan sighed . (his ambition is incredible , but he could have been far stronger in that field .)
(he might have gotten that from his master .) king elbass added .
(i won't deny it .) divine demon said before the leaders landed on the ground in front of the army .
the bees had changed during the past years . they had become bigger , and an additional pair of legs had grown from their torso . they also had long pinchers now , and their bodies seemed sturdier than before .
some of the bees had even gained an additional abdomen . those improved specimens resembled an elite force capable of commanding entire platoons . they even had a unique aura flowing out of their bodies .
a platoon made of hundreds of bees shot forward as soon as the enemy leaders landed on the ground . that group contained many rank 8 specimens , but noah's army didn't falter .
a series of golden lines lit up when the bees were about to approach the army . the light gathered in the sky and gave birth to a group of golems and puppets . they immediately flew toward the swarm and began to slaughter its specimens .
countless bees died during the first clash , but no one cheered in front of that small victory . that platoon was only a tiny part of the enemy army , and the leaders didn't even know how many specimens were still inside the giant .
the puppets detonated when the bees were about to destroy them . flares made of golden flames shot through the sky and killed every magical beast in their range . the first platoon died in a little less than a minute .
(i'm playing your game .) radiant eyes' voice resounded from the giant , (but i make the rules .)
the giant raised its hand before an intense buzzing noise came out of its scarlet fabric . all the magical beasts and hybrids in the area managed to understand the meaning carried by that cry . radiant eyes had given the order for a relentless assault .
the entire army of bees shot forward . noah and the others saw hundreds of specimens in the eighth rank flying toward them to launch a selfless assault . none of those creatures cared about their life .
noah and the others didn't need to exchange any word . they had already prepared a battle tactic . they limited themselves to roar toward the incoming army and prepare for the imminent clash .
even more golden lights lit up around the army and gave birth to an army of fiery puppets . those defenses leapt among the bees and began to kill as many specimens as they could .
the bees directly ignored those puppets . they didn't care about those defenses . their targets were on the ground , and they would stop at nothing to take them down .
the rank 7 cultivators , hybrids , and magical beasts performed battle formations until they transformed into five nine-headed hydras in the eighth rank . they were only in the lower tier , but they could join the fight properly in that form .
noah , wilfred , alexander , jordan , ian , and divine demon stepped forward and waited for their opponents to arrive . they all picked a target among the incoming swarm and prepared to face them .
a middle tier bee dived toward noah . the creature could sense that its opponent was at its same level , but radiant eyes' orders made it unable to understand the actual difference in power .
noah didn't even bother to draw his sword . he raised his hand and waited for the stinger to land on his open palm .
a clanging noise echoed through the sky when the stinger hit his palm . noah didn't feel any pain , and he didn't even take a step back . the attack couldn't make him move nor bleed .
the bee didn't care about that show of power and continued to press forward , but noah promptly ripped off its stinger before stabbing his hand in the injury .
the creature tried to give voice to its pain , but noah instantly waved his hand . a singularity shot out of his fingers after that gesture , and the bee ended up divided in half .
more middle tier magical beasts tried to dive toward him , but they met the same fate . noah tore their bodies apart with his bare hands . he didn't need anything else against creatures at that level .
radiant eyes had turned the bees into selfless creatures , but she didn't make them stupid . they didn't have the best intelligence compared to other magical beasts , but they could understand that middle tier specimens couldn't handle noah .
one of the specimens with an additional abdomen soon left its position and dived toward noah . his instincts warned him about that new threat . they could sense that an upper tier creature was approaching his position at high speed .
the black hole quickly started to push the unstable substance inside the black vessels . noah felt a surge of power flowing through his entire body , and he smiled when he sensed that his tissues could now endure that technique .
the breakthrough had reinforced the black vessels since noah often relied on the unstable substance . his existence had moved toward those fields , so his body knew where it had to improve .
the massive bee crashed on noah in an instant . a grey cloud soon filled that part of the battlefield and hid the result of the clash .
the other experts didn't have time to worry about noah . they had been clear when they prepared the plan . that battle had to leave only the strongest among them alive , so they couldn't neglect their fights to help others . of course , that implied great builder's actual resurrection .
- i'm getting there .
noah thought as a red radiance shone from behind his eyes .
the bee's legs had stabbed his body in multiple spots , but they had never managed to pierce past noah's muscles . on the other hand , noah had stopped the stinger with his bare hands again , and he couldn't help but feel elated at that sight .
the creature tried to break free , but noah's grip wouldn't budge . the bee struggled and launched attacks , but a series of black figures appeared in its path .
noah slammed the bee a few times on the ground before approaching its head . the creature was still trying to attack him , but he pressed his foot on its left eye and kept it in its position while he drew the demonic sword .
the blade flashed with a black light multiple times , and a head eventually rolled on the ground . noah had only recently stepped into the middle tier , but he was already able to take down upper tier magical beasts .
noah stored the corpse before jumping among the storm of bees that was engulfing his army . a series of roots spread from his figure , and countless creatures died due to their corrosive aura .
that stunt granted him special attention . noah saw countless bees turning in his direction and interrupting the attack on his troops . a wave of winged creatures soon tried to engulf noah , but only the middle tier specimens could survive around him at that point .
the demonic form had obtained a new source of food after his breakthrough in the middle tier . noah had provided the parasite with superior primary , and the results were spectacular .





chapter 1614 - 1614 . reckless bunch
the bees were stronger than the rats , especially after radiant eyes' influence had forced their bodies to evolve . yet , they remained below the average in terms of physical prowess and innate defenses .
noah could slaughter those creatures at ease . even the upper tier specimens couldn't threaten him . only the bees that were about to approach the peak of the eighth rank managed to match his blows .
the unstable substance turned his body into a perfect weapon . the demonic sword enhanced his physical prowess and transformed his slashes into deadly weapons . the parasite fused its corrosive aura with his techniques and gave them far more power .
snore and the other companions also came out in the open . they couldn't handle the upper tier specimens , but they could fight and defeat the creatures in the middle tier .
noah counted for an entire army , and his efforts inside the swarm relieved his companions by a lot of pressure . alexander quickly imitated his approach while wilfred and the other hybrids remained behind to handle any bee that managed to get past the monster duo .
the battle was spectacular . the swarm of bees tried to engulf the enemy army , but noah and the others never lost their ground . they fought those creatures back and filled the battlefield with maimed corpses .
noah decided to rely on his flames once enough magical beasts gathered around him . his ambition even surged to empower his innate ability and give it enough strength to kill the middle tier creatures in a few seconds .
a massive surge of energy flowed inside noah every time the tiny flames fused with his body . magical beasts in the middle tier would have to work for entire years to gain access to that immense energy , but noah barely minded it .
his body contained an insane amount of power . its might was beyond what middle tier creatures could wield , and his requirements matched its strength .
noah was burning every lower and middle tier magical beast that entered his range , but he didn't feel any increase of power . his body was a bottomless pit that didn't show any reaction at that immense surge of energy .
the situation was too tense to mind those details . noah limited himself to memorize those feelings while remaining focused on the battle . the upper tier specimens could hurt him , so he had to show part of his battle style to stay untouched .
more bees came out of the scarlet giant , but the situation on the battlefield didn't change . those creatures could not gain the upper hand , and most of their opponents even surpassed them in terms of resilience .
that sight honestly surprised radiant eyes . the battle was showing her how weak her underlings were compared to other creatures . her species needed a lot of work , especially against beings that stood at the peak of the food chain .
(you are a disappointment .) radiant eyes sighed , and her voice shook the entire sky .
a buzzing noise came out of the giant and reached every bee . those creatures released deafening sounds before falling to the ground .
noah and the others wore solemn expressions when they inspected the fallen bees . radiant eyes had killed her army , and she had done that with her voice .
the destructive power wielded by rank 9 existences made noah's ambition skyrocket , but he didn't let it flow into his aura . he had to gain more time , and showing his desire to obtain that battle prowess wasn't the best move .
- what can i even say at this point?
 noah wondered as the demonic deduction technique activated to give him violent thoughts .
noah looked for anything that could trigger radiant eyes' anger and keep her outside of the battlefield at the same time . however , he couldn't find anything suitable for his situation . he could only think about childish mocks .
(do you have something better inside that mountain?) noah shouted , but his expression froze when a giant hand formed above one of the hydras .
noah didn't even have the time to turn . the hand shot downward , and the hydra disappeared . his weaker companions had transformed into a pool of blood in an instant .
- this is the end then .
noah sighed in his mind .
sword saint's flare was still inside his mind , but noah had no reason to activate it . the expert was a monster , but alexander was right next to him . a simple glance toward the leader's expression was enough to tell noah how hopeless the situation was .
- can we do anything?
 wilfred asked through the mental connection .
- i might be able to make a hole in the giant .
alexander explained ,
- but that won't solve anything . it's all a matter of how you want to die now .
noah had already gone through a similar situation . his eyes met king elbass' gaze . the duo had been on opposite sides at that time , but they were about to die together now .
(hitting a rank 9 existence must feel good .) noah eventually sighed .
(i bet it does .) alexander laughed as his aura expanded .
(i never thought i would fight for glory .) king elbass snorted and massaged his temples .
(you never thought many things .) divine demon laughed .
wilfred wanted to add something , but an even bigger hand formed above the army and shot downward . noah didn't even have the time to lift his head . his consciousness went dark before he could have last thoughts .
a snort came out of the giant after radiant eyes took care of the enemy army . she had defeated all the experts that had offended her , but that left her with no real plan .
her thoughts quickly went on the outer lands . being the ruler of the human domain was appealing , but she wanted to take care of her condition first . the battle against the white expert had delayed her transformation , so she needed to gather more energy .
her mental waves spread through the battlefield and began to gather the various corpses acc .u .mulated on the ground . she wouldn't waste those materials , and she even planned to study some of those hybrids to fix the flaws of her species .
however , radiant eyes noticed something odd while her consciousness studied the battlefield . corpses would typically begin to disperse their energy , but that wasn't happening there .
even the dead bees didn't radiate their energy . it seemed that the whole area prevented stopped the natural deterioration of those corpses .
(body , dantian , and mind .) a deep voice suddenly came out of the pyramid . (living beings aren't so complicated . resurrecting a few thousands of them is child's play .)
a white aura flowed out of the pyramid and covered the entire battlefield . radiant eyes' mental waves shattered under that influence , and even her giant suffered under that halo .
scarlet chunks and debris fell from the giant whenever the white light touched its surface . the pyramid was able to affect a rank 9 item . radiant eyes could only stop playing around in front of that new threat .
(i mean .) a half-laugh came out of the pyramid . (rank 8 beings have managed to resurrect an existence in the ninth rank . i would consider myself a failure if i were unable to do the same for my saviors .)
the white light intensified and forced radiant eyes to shield the giant with her consciousness . a metal layer also appeared above the puppet's skin and protected it from that blinding halo .
noah suddenly opened his eyes . his mind quickly spread to check his body and companions , but he had no words to explain what he saw .
his centers of power were in a perfect state . even the demonic sword and the rest of his companions were in a similar condition . the rest of the army was also fine . it was as if the battle against the bees had never happened !
(do not worry , reckless bunch .) a voice came out of the pyramid again . (i won't forget what you did for me . taking care of your enemies is the least i can do .)





chapter 1615 - 1615 . resurrection
(you have a unique law .) radiant eyes said from inside the giant . (what price did you have to pay to perform these resurrections? what's your drawback?)
(there are no drawbacks .) great builder explained from inside the pyramid . (i'm nothing more than an expert with the right tools . living beings become quite easy to understand after you study millions of them .)
noah felt grateful to great builder , but the current situation didn't allow him to feel at ease . he had come back to life only to find himself between two rank 9 experts ready to fight .
the pyramid began to tremble before noah could think about anything else . the white halo retracted and gathered into a vertical line that cut the structure in half .
noah's instincts screamed , but he had nowhere to run . the entire army couldn't move with those two existences controlling the edges of the battlefield .
the pyramid suddenly opened . its bricks started to separate from the main structure and reveal its insides . the various corridors and rooms became visible to everyone in the area , and a shining figure soon appeared at their center .
a middle-aged man with long white hair and no beard floated among the flying bricks . his white aura spread in every corner of the region , and a heavy pressure accompanied his show of power .
noah could sense that the aura was heavy , but that power didn't apply any pressure on his mind . it even shielded him from the white sky and protected him from the shockwaves released by the pyramid .
(it has been too long !) great builder shouted as his aura expanded .
his hair fluttered in the wind generated by his figure . his overwhelming might spread violently through the regions and seeped into all the matter around him .
great builder's influence didn't trigger any reaction in the matter . it simply seeped inside it and became part of its fabric . it seemed that the expert was limiting himself to taint those materials .
noah quickly inspected his body . his ambition even surged to empower his mind and give him a better understanding of what had happened .
the inspection didn't amount to anything . noah couldn't find anything strange in his centers of power . everything was as it was before the battle against the bees , except for his acc .u .mulated energy .
(heaven and earth !) great builder shouted while spreading his arms and looking toward the sky . (i came back ! did you miss me?)
his taunts seemed to trigger something in the sky . white sparks acc .u .mulated high above him and threatened to launch attacks carrying power that noah couldn't even understand .
the sparks gathered to generate an intense crackling noise . everyone in the area understood that a massive lightning bolt was about to fall on great builder , but the expert soon lost interest in that event .
the bricks around great builder began to arrange themselves in a different shape . they took the form of a huge cannon that pointed at the sky . its muzzle even lit up to announce the arrival of an attack .
the lightning bolt eventually fell , but the cannon didn't hesitate to fire back . two attacks wielding insane might clashed mid-air and exploded , generating intense destructive shockwaves that spread through the nearby regions .
noah and the others wanted to escape , but their situation prevented them from moving . still , great builder's white aura protected them from any shockwave or tremor that tried to reach their position .
the white sphere launched by the cannon and the lightning bolt exploded . they carried the same amount of power , so the attacks ended up destroying each other .
heaven and earth didn't want the tribulation to end and gathered even more sparks , but great builder acted faster than the sparks . his cannon shot again , and an explosion happened in the sky .
the tribulation dispersed after the last attack , but heaven and earth's influence surrounded great builder anyway . sparks soon began to accumulate around him and converge toward his figure . heaven and earth had marked him as an enemy of the world again .
great builder snorted , and a series of lines ran through his body . that technique quickly hid his presence and prevented his aura from triggering heaven and earth's punishment . the expert had developed something similar to noah's spell .
(they are always so unforgiving .) great builder commented while shrugging his shoulders . (i've only come back to life . it's not a big deal .)
(are you done?) radiant eyes snorted from inside the giant . (can we fight already?)
(sure , sure .) great builder laughed . (forgive me . it feels great to be back . i didn't think i would have missed this cursed life so much .)
radiant eyes stopped speaking and decided to begin her offensive . the giant waved its hand , and a trail of scarlet light flew toward great builder .
the army between the two rank 9 experts could only remain still in front of that massive discharge of power , but great builder took care of protecting them .
white light ran through the ground and gave birth to shining plants covering the army with their branches . those trees seemed able to block any shockwave running through the area . they were the perfect shield for those weaker existences .
the trail of scarlet light continued to fly toward great builder , but the expert snapped his fingers and surrounded himself with a white halo . the area transformed under those influences , and the laws of the world stopped working properly .
the air went through different transformations . great builder's influence rearranged its laws until it gave birth to a series of phantom-like living beings . then , radiant eyes' aura tainted those creatures and made them grow insect wings .
the white radiance took over . it reassembled those corrupted living beings until they became humanoid figures that didn't carry insect features .
the scarlet aura then regained control over that area and applied its transformations again . the two experts didn't even touch themselves , but their auras were able to influence the whole world .
the space around the exchange twisted and transformed . tiny living beings appeared around the duo as their auras struggled to win against their opponent . wings soon grew behind their back , but a second series of modifications arrived before they could leave the area .
- he should have the power to send us away .
noah thought while memorizing every aspect of the battle .
- he has chosen to let us witness the fight to teach us something .
noah could see through great builder's scheme , and he ended up appreciating him even more after that discovery . the expert had given his group the chance to study experts at the peak of the cultivation journey .
great builder and radiant eyes never touched each other . they never sent massive attacks of specific techniques aimed to kill their opponent in one blow . instead , they studied their power to see if their existences had an advantage in the battle .
great builder mostly laughed . his white halo never stopped to shine , and his cannons soon transformed into a series of smaller rifles that shot bullets made of condensed light .
the leftovers of the pyramid could also become something else , but great builder didn't need them . he was still in the process of studying radiant eyes' aura , so he didn't dare to reveal all his techniques .
(enough with these games .) radiant eyes eventually sighed .
she didn't want to interrupt her transformation again , but great builder seemed strong enough to defend himself . he even appeared capable of overpowering her through the divided pyramid .





chapter 1616 - 1616 . promising
every move of the two rank 9 existences transformed the world in ways that the weaker existences couldn't understand .
great builder gave birth to life . his influence transformed everything it touched into living beings that served him .
on the other hand , radiant eyes tainted the matter of the world and transformed it into something that reflected her deepest desire . even the creatures born from great builder's law couldn't fend off her influence .
their battle resembled a contest between domains . the two experts launched their auras and waited to see which one would take control of the world . still , they never stopped spreading their influence , so the matter went through endless transformations .
radiant eyes didn't want to continue fighting like that . great builder had the advantage with that battle style since he used his law and pyramid . instead , radiant eyes was only relying on her giant .
the giant suddenly stopped moving before its figure started to transform . the creature crouched , and its limbs fused with its torso to create a tall mountain that spread radiant eyes' aura .
the aura intensified until the sky turned red . even great builder's radiance didn't manage to fight that light . radiant eyes was about to become serious , but her opponent didn't show any fear .
the red halo slowly condensed toward the peak of the mountain . its radiance continued to intensify , and it soon solidified into a monstrous shape .
radiant eyes appeared on top of the mountain . her monstrous figure didn't change much . her insect legs , wings , and antennae had grown , but she looked like noah recalled .
however , her aura was far more intense than before . noah still recalled their first meeting , and he felt sure that his instincts didn't sense the same amount of danger back then .
- the transformation is working .
noah sighed in his mind .
noah didn't lie to radiant eyes during their previous meeting . he couldn't trick a rank 9 existence , so he had to advise her properly .
radiant eyes had then spent many years inside the human domain , and she had also perfected her transformation . she was already a self-made hybrid , but she would become even stronger if the procedure ended .
- i wonder how strong she would become at that point .
noah thought , but he quickly suppressed his curiosity .
his expertise in the magical beasts' field made him desire to study radiant eyes after her transformation , but his current level didn't give him much freedom . the expert had to die now , or he wouldn't live to see another day .
(why are you even interested in saving these weaklings?) radiant eyes asked while turning her monstrous face toward great builder . (they have served their purpose already . no point in keeping them alive .)
(you fail to see the real enemy .) great builder laughed while waving his hand to morph the dark-yellow bricks into different weapons . (experts stronger than you have died at the hands of heaven and earth . i'm only preserving existences who have a chance to reach this stage .)
(you lost the battle against the world .) radiant eyes snorted . (i survived it . your methods aren't reliable .)
(i bet you hid in that inscribed item because you were too scared of heaven and earth .) great builder laughed .
(i hid to accumulate power .) radiant eyes replied while spreading her arms and the legs that didn't touch the scarlet ground . (every living being uses the same approach . you can't blame me for doing what was necessary .)
(you might not be a coward .) great builder explained , (but you did nothing to defeat heaven and earth . you only want to improve and hope to avoid those enemies for the rest of your life .)
(i guess words are useless at this point .) radiant eyes sighed .
(they have always been useless .) great builder laughed . (come on . show me the core of your world .)
(with pleasure .) radiant eyes said while wearing a hideous smile .
her aura spread through the mountain , and a swarm of bees gathered around her . her influence continued to fly through the army , and those creatures slowly transformed .
the weaker bees directly died , and their bodies fused with the stronger specimens . additional abdomens , legs , pincers , and eyes grew on those creatures as their power increased .
their skin also transformed . the bees' fur thickened as scarlet layers covered their exoskeleton and improved their overall structure .
(my law might be common .) radiant eyes explained , (but i deploy it in ways that other existences can't replicate . come , join my world . i can grant you perfection .)
great builder arched his eyebrow before waving both his hands . the various dark-yellow bricks spread through the nearby regions and fused with the matter .
the bricks fused with the ground , air , and living beings that were still in the area . they became cores for different workshops that began to absorb the energy in the world to give birth to peculiar creatures .
a series of armored humanoid figures grew from the workshops and carried different features , depending on the materials used during their creation . some of them were white , while others were azure . of course , their abilities also changed .
bigger creatures came out of the workshops after that army . a series of dragons similar to duanlong appeared in the world and opened their mouth to affect the bees .
magical plants also grew from the ground and began to radiate a scent that seemed to distract the bees . great builder had given birth to creatures meant only to defeat radiant eyes .
(it will be a battle of worlds then .) radiant eyes announced . (you can give life , but i can force evolutions . it's time to see who is on the right path .)
radiant eyes raised her hand , and the bees shot forward . her aura continued to cover them and trigger evolutions , so the swarm had a completely different appearance when it reached great builder .
great builder glanced at the bees for a second before telling his creations to fight the enemy army . yet , he didn't let his guard down since a dangerous sensation had suddenly appeared in his mind .
a series of whip .s made of pure white light came out of his figure and cracked at a shadow that had tried to move behind him . the attack made him understand the actual identity of that threat , but he didn't feel surprised at that sight .
the whips entangled themselves around radiant eyes' monstrous body . her figure was still above her mountain , but she had decided to trick great builder and rely on her hybrid body to surprise him .
the sudden attack didn't turn out as she expected . great builder had predicted that radiant eyes would rely on her physical strength . after all , every hybrid did that .
the whips burnt radiant eyes' skin and kept her stuck in her position . yet , she had many legs and immense physical strength . she was even in the ninth rank . there was virtually nothing stronger in the entire world .
radiant eyes gave voice to a buzzing noise that forced great builder to retreat . the many puppets that had come to finish her also shattered in front of that deafening cry .
the rest of the army fought against the swarm of bees . they had to remain there since great builder had to understand how to handle that situation .
great builder found a dangerous solution , but he preferred to avoid it since he had been away for so long . still , he couldn't think of anything else .
radiant eyes' army was slightly weaker , but she had her physical strength . she had turned the tables with the last assault .
(you are really forcing me to do this .) great builder sighed before taking out an oval item .
the aura of a rank 9 item spread through the sky and made radiant eyes hesitate , but her expression completely froze when she saw great builder absorbing the fake core .
great builder's aura suddenly skyrocketed after the absorption , and his size grew until he became a nine hundred meters tall giant .





chapter 1617 - 1617 . upper hand
great builder's existence suited the fake cores perfectly . his body accepted that new power and didn't stop it from transforming his figure .
(let's take care of your item first .) great builder said in a deep voice that spread for entire regions .
the expert bent his knees before shooting in the distance . he destroyed countless bees and puppets during his violent charge , and the power generated by his jump gave birth to storms of dust , debris , and wind .
great builder's massive figure appeared above the mountain . his fist was already descending on the item , but radiant eyes suddenly materialized under him and raised her hand to stop the attack .
the clash between the two attacks generated a soundwave that made the entire surface of the nearby regions shatter . even the magical plants that protected noah and the others shook and threatened to crumble under that pressure .
part of the army of puppets flew toward the magical plants . two workshops moved and began to fuse those living beings . the defenses around noah and the others improved while gaining metallic properties that could stop the aftereffects of the battle .
the new magical plants worked perfectly , so noah's group could focus on the battle again . their expression froze when they saw that radiant eyes didn't even budge when great builder's massive fist slammed on her .
(did you think you could match my physical strength by increasing your size?) radiant eyes asked as a hideous smile appeared on her face . (this is only a trick , a technique at best . instead , my physical prowess comes from my species .)
great builder didn't give up . he raised his second arm and tried to punch radiant eyes from her side . yet , she moved her hand to intercept the blow again .
(you must have misunderstood .) great builder explained without retracting his hands . (this isn't a technique . this is an inscription that adds a fourth center of power to my body .)
(calling it differently won't help you here .) radiant eyes continued . (you have decided to challenge my physical prowess . this mistake will cost your life .)
radiant eyes stabbed some of her legs and fingers inside great builder's flesh . she felt as if she was cutting through butter . the expert barely had any defense worthy of concern .
radiant eyes easily tore away large patches of great builder's skin , but the latter didn't stop smiling . he was only pretending with her to see if she had other trump cards .
(is that it?) great builder asked . (don't you have anything else?)
(this is enough to defeat you .) radiant eyes continued .
(you have seen me with a fourth center of power that mainly focuses on size .) great builder explained . (i wonder how you'll feel after i add a fifth .)
radiant eyes' expression froze at those words , but she couldn't stop what was about to happen . a second rank 9 fake core appeared above great builder and fused with his body before triggering another transformation .
great builder's body didn't grow at that time . instead , his skin began to glow and radiate a white light that corroded everything it illuminated .
radiant eyes tried to resist that radiance , but her body began to melt under its influence . she soon had to let great builder's hands go and give him the chance to deliver his strike .
the massive fists slammed on the mountain and opened a series of cracks on its surface . great builder raised his arms again to launch a second attack , but radiant eyes kicked his chest and flung him away .
great builder fell in the army and killed countless specimens again . he also destroyed many of his troops , but he didn't even consider them as a loss .
radiant eyes reappeared above great builder and stabbed her legs on his head . a scarlet radiance began to flow into his body , but the white aura soon became too unbearable and forced his opponent to retreat .
great builder didn't give up on his initial plan . he leapt toward the mountain again and prepared himself to destroy the item during that dive .
radiant eyes appeared in his trajectory and kicked his cheek . the attack led him off-tracks and made him miss the mountain .
(so much for five centers of power .) radiant eyes commented . (this fight would be fair if you added a few more of them .)
(i might do just that .) great builder replied after straightening his position .
two more rank 9 fake cores appeared around his figure and fused with his body . his consciousness expanded beyond its normal limits , and a strange aura started to seep out of his skin .
radiant eyes didn't know how to react to that . she couldn't understand how stronger great builder became after each new center of power . she only knew that he gained additional abilities through them .
great builder jumped toward the mountain again , and radiant eyes tried to intercept him . however , the strange aura and the heavy consciousness managed to suppress her power for a few seconds , enough for the expert to continue his flight .
the two massive fists slammed on the mountain . its structure had already suffered some damage , so those attacks managed to shatter its entire upper part .
radiant eyes tried to attack great builder , but his aura was enough to fend her off for a few seconds .
great builder could continue to attack the mountain undisturbed , and radiant eyes had to watch how her strongest inscribed item transformed into nothing more than dust .
(no army now .) great builder announced while turning toward radiant eyes . (you'll also have to find a new place where to continue your transformation . also , heaven and earth will be on you too from now on .)
(do you think that i'll let what you did slide?) radiant eyes replied in an angry tone .
(i think that you have no choice .) great builder said while showing another rank 9 fake core .
radiant eyes' expression froze again . she had seen the five rank 9 resources with her own eyes , but she didn't believe great builder to have so many of them .
a massive hammer grew from the ground and ended up in great builder's grasp . the expert raised the weapon and waved it in the middle of the army . countless magical beasts and puppets died , but that destruction didn't manage to satisfy him .
killing those specimens did nothing to his situation . they were an annoying army , but they couldn't even try to touch him in that form .
radiant eyes limited herself to kick her enemy every once in a while . her plan was to wait for that empowerment to go away , but it seemed that great builder had perfected the procedure in ways that his opponent couldn't understand .
the battle raged and left noah's group to marvel about that spectacle . they couldn't see much about the two experts since their blinding auras made them impossible to inspect by rank 8 experts .
still , they could understand that great builder had the upper hand in the battle . radiant eyes never managed to inflict more than a kick , but she kept losing her ground since great builder was relentless .
his hammer hit radiant eyes multiple times , but her resilience was too high . it didn't matter how many times she endured that weapon . she never backed down , and great builder's movements eventually started to slow down .





chapter 1618 - 1618 . counter
great builder didn't add other centers of power even if his movements had started to slow down . his empowerment seemed about to reach its limits , but the expert continued to swing his hammer and wear his smile .
on the other hand , radiant eyes wore an unsightly expression . the innate advantages given by her hybrid body were slowly tilting the scales of the battle , but she felt pretty annoyed about the whole situation .
radiant eyes believed that her current form was approaching perfection . in theory , she had to surpass every other existence in the world in terms of power .
however , her influence didn't manage to taint great builder , and her superior physical strength couldn't even leave injuries on his giant body .
the battle was damaging her belief . her path wasn't as perfect as she thought . even a rank 9 cultivator who had just come back to life could suppress her quite easily .
noah and the other hybrids had a different view of the situation . great builder seemed overall stronger than radiant eyes , but she could use her innate advantages to make up for that difference in power .
the battle was relatively even , and no one could guess who would win . yet , noah and the other hybrids could notice how radiant eyes' advantages became more significant as the fight continued .
countless thoughts ran through noah's mind , but none of them involved a possible involvement in the fight . noah knew that he had no place among those experts , so he limited himself to study what his senses managed to capture .
the ability to add centers of power at will was interesting , but noah didn't know whether he could create something similar . instead , radiant eyes' influence had something that resembled his ambition .
their laws had some differences . radiant eyes' transformations were unnatural , while noah's ambition forced the matter to express its true potential . still , noah felt that he could work something out after witnessing the battle .
- maybe i can fuse part of the parasite's corrosive aura with my law .
noah wondered as the spectacle of lights filled the sky .
great builder rarely managed to hit radiant eyes anymore . the hybrid was now able to dodge everything that flew in her direction . the army of puppets couldn't even attempt to restrain her without the help of their master .
her kicks even disrupted great builder's offensive . radiant eyes flung him away whenever her feet touched his skin , and her attacks eventually managed to open large injuries in that massive body .
(this is where tricks end !) radiant eyes shouted as she flew around her opponent , launching a flurry of kicks . (i acknowledge your achievements , old monster , but your life has to end here .)
great builder didn't let those words affect his mind , but the truth was undeniable . he had gotten slow . his current power would inevitably lead to a defeat .
(dying quietly doesn't suit rank 9 existences .) great builder whispered , but his words reached every corner of the nearby regions .
the workshops suddenly stopped creating puppets . the chunks of terrain and air that had transformed into those techniques flew toward great builder and surrounded his massive body .
a white light came out of the workshops and engulfed great builder . that radiance fended radiant eyes away and prevented her from affecting the procedure .
the energy around great builder started to condense in the form of raging currents that flowed toward the white light . the workshops created a cocoon made of pure power , and radiant eyes could only wait to see what would come out of it .
a flare of whiteness eventually pierced that impenetrable light . a vertical crack spread through the whole cocoon and filled the region with a blinding radiance .
the light soon dimmed , and noah's group could finally watch great builder's new transformation .
the expert had regained his normal size , but his skin radiated pure white light that killed the few remaining bees in the area .
even radiant eyes struggled to keep her gaze on her opponent . she felt unable to withstand that presence . her whole existence suffered because she was too close to great builder .
(living beings are imperfect .) great builder announced . (we often modify ourselves to strive toward a greater power , but the world always finds flaws in our new forms .)
great builder stepped forward , and radiant eyes instinctively retreated . her instincts took control of her body and made her shoot in the distance , but her opponent's mental waves forced her to stop moving .
(fire has ice , light has darkness .) great builder continued after he reappeared next to radiant eyes . (perfection doesn't exist in this world . even heaven and earth have failed to achieve that state . you can always find something capable of countering your abilities .)
great builder placed his hand on radiant eyes' head , and grey smoke came out of that spot . pure pain appeared on the expert's expression , but she couldn't move under great builder's suppression .
(my world is ever-changing .) great builder explained . (everything i build leads me one step closer to perfection . i want to surpass these flawed rulers . how can i even lose against someone who spends her life hiding from them?)
great builder raised his hand and revealed that a deep mark had appeared on radiant eyes' face . his influence had managed to scorch her skin and reach her bones . her hybrid status couldn't do anything against that nefarious light .
(you have been a decent adversary .) great builder said while clasping his hand around radiant eyes' neck , (but i can't respect you .)
radiant eyes slowly regained control of her body . her instincts begged her to run away , but she couldn't satisfy them . great builder's light made her too weak to escape from his grasp .
(turn into one of my puppets already !) radiant eyes shouted as her limbs stabbed great builder's body .
the limbs didn't manage to go past the expert's skin . the white radiance weakened their power and forced them to melt . still , they succeeded in sending her scarlet aura into great builder's body .
the white halo radiated by great builder's figure dimmed in the spots tainted by the scarlet aura , but the expert didn't let go of his opponent . radiant eyes had to die against that technique , or she would win the battle .
(i can't become immune to your influence .) great builder explained , (but this form is quite resistant against your aura . i should prevail , but you still have a chance .)
great builder exploded into a laugh even if radiant eyes continued to stab her limbs into his body . the scarlet substance spread through the whiteness , but the expert didn't even bother to defend himself .
(you are almost there !) great builder laughed . (i can feel your influence reaching my mind . come on ! you can do it !)
the scene left the army dumbfounded . noah had seen divine demon performing idiotic deeds , but great builder belonged to a superior league .
the leader of the foolery and divine demon didn't share noah's feelings . the scene seemed to inspire them . their eyes shone , and their mouths hung open . they were utterly captivated by great builder's brazen gesture .
(let me go already !) radiant eyes shouted before her eyes lit up .
an intense scarlet light came out of her eyes and illuminated the whole region . her radiance carried her law and forced all the matter in the area to transform .
the ground turned red , the air lost its whiteness , and the few puppets still in the area transformed to resemble radiant eyes' underlings . the light also tried to affect great builder , but it failed to get past his aura .
radiant eyes' insect features began to shrink . they retreated into her body while she spread her law through the regions . it seemed that the technique used her mutation to obtain stronger effects .
however , that trump card couldn't surpass great builder's defenses . his hand never left her throat , and grey smoke continuously flowed out of that spot .





chapter 1619 - 1619 . save
radiant eyes struggled as her body reverted to a normal human form . even her eyes shrunk at some point and became small red dots immersed in great builder's whiteness .
shouts , curses , and , eventually , pleas filled the sky . radiant eyes expressed her desire to live and tried to seal deals with great builder , but her opponent never let her go .
great builder's grasp tightened as his aura succeeded in corroding her skin . his fingers then went past her muscles until they reached her bones .
it was hard to kill rank 9 existences , especially those with a hybrid body . yet , great builder seemed able to suppress radiant eyes' entire existence in his final form . he had transformed into her worst enemy , and he didn't show any mercy .
her bones eventually gave in , and radiant eyes' body separated from her head . great builder didn't bother to stop it from falling . he only raised his free hand and continued his corrosion on his opponent's face .
radiant eyes was still alive even if most of her body had fallen on the ground . she was nothing more than a talking head , but great builder soon took care of that issue .
great builder's hands dug through her face until they turned it into nothing more than dust . a sigh then escaped his mouth as his whiteness dimmed , and his peculiar aura vanished .
his new transformation had allowed him to suppress a hybrid and kill it with his bare hands . however , that was only a temporary form obtained after gathering information on his opponent .
great builder had managed to turn his existence into radiant eyes' worst enemy , and he had used his new advantages to kill her in a few moves .
the workshops and puppets stopped working after radiant eyes died . the few remaining bees also collapsed on the ground and died on the destroyed surface . their bodies even started to lose all the empowerment obtained through their leader's aura .
something strange happened to the world . a large chunk of the sky shattered as radiant eyes' influence vanished . that tainted matter couldn't keep existing after their core died .
(some of them can't live past death .) great builder sighed while turning toward noah and the others . (it's incredible that she had reached this level without leaving a permanent trace of her life . i guess that inscribed item was her whole world .)
the magical plants that had protected the army retreated into the ground . noah and the others were finally free to leave the area , but most of them didn't dare to move .
only the magical beasts leapt over the cracks left by the magical plants and shot toward radiant eyes' corpse . they couldn't contain their instincts in front of such a priceless meal .
(where are you even going?) noah said through a chilling roar .
his pride flew inside his mental waves and reached the running magical beasts . those creatures suddenly stopped when they sensed how angry noah was about that development . they could immediately realize that noah wouldn't hesitate to kill them if they took another step .
(come back here .) noah roared , and most of the magical beasts flew back .
a few creatures remained in the distance . their instincts were a mess , and a violent battle between their hunger and noah's pride happened in their mind .
noah quickly teleported among those magical beasts . the creatures lowered their head , but some of them continued to glance toward the rank 9 corpse .
(evolve past your hunger .) noah said through a growl . (you can't eat that body anyway .)
his ambition flowed inside those hesitant creatures and brought some clarity to their mind . all of them managed to calm down , but none of them raised their head even at that point .
(what did i tell you about bowing?) noah snorted , and a second wave of chilling aura spread from his figure .
noah was ready to take care of those magical beasts . he valued stability a lot , but those creatures had already demonstrated their loyalty . one of them had even offered itself to refill his centers of power during the events inside the pyramid .
noah wanted to try a peaceful approach before resorting to his usual slashing . he preferred to save those magical beasts if possible . after all , they were his underlings .
the magical beasts slowly raised their head . noah could finally notice their expressions , and he saw nothing more than shame on their faces .
(go back to the army .) noah ordered . (i have the faint feeling that someone wants to talk .)
noah glanced toward the descending great builder . the expert was slowly losing all the empowerment obtained during the battle . his body reverted to a normal human figure , but the white light continued to flow out of his skin anyway .
(your feeling is on point .) great builder announced while landing on the ground next to him .
(do all rank 9 existences become invincible during a long battle?) noah probed the expert's law .
(no one is invincible .) great builder explained . (even heaven and earth can fall .)
the hungry magical beasts eventually turned to run back toward the army . instead , the various leaders in noah's group left their underlings and flew toward him .
wilfred , theodora , king elbass , jordan , ian , alexander , fergie , and all the other rank 8 existences in the army flew toward noah . they wouldn't miss that chance to talk with a rank 9 cultivator out of fear .
(i'm surprised you managed to clear the pyramid .) great builder announced once everyone gathered around him . (part of me only wanted to protect my items .)
jokes appeared in the expert's mind , but no one dared to speak . great builder seemed friendly , but noah and the others didn't know how much they could trust him .
(heaven and earth won't let this slide .) great builder continued . (one of you has already attracted their wrath without reaching the ninth rank . i expect all of you to get the permanent curse in the next months .)
(why months?) noah suddenly asked . (why won't heaven and earth activate the curse immediately?)
(do you think they have been unfair toward you?) great builder asked while revealing a smile .
(i only want to understand them better .) noah calmly replied . (you aren't the only one who wants to destroy them .)
(this explains why they gave you this punishment so soon .) great builder laughed . (it will only get worse . the sparks are only the beginning of the curse .)
(i have also faced humanoid beings made of lightning bolts .) noah added .
great builder arched his eyebrow . he had to admit that noah appeared unique even among experts who had managed to clear his pyramid .
(you are the existence with four centers of power !) great builder eventually shouted . (the addition of the organ is flawless . you managed to surprise me .)
noah didn't know what to answer . he had vaguely suspected that great builder knew about his existence since he had resurrected him . still , noah didn't expect the cultivator to talk about that so openly .
(perks of being a hybrid .) noah limited himself to reply .
(indeed , but you lose something once you reach the peak of the food chain .) great builder sighed . (i could have transformed myself long ago , but my existence focuses on the various aspects of life . gaining access to your physical strength would only make me lose interest in that .)
(are you afraid that you could lose your path?) noah asked .
(we grow stronger by fixing our weaknesses .) great builder explained . (reaching a stable state near perfection is the doom of every researcher . i need my human flaws to remain an amazing cultivator .)
noah fell silent , but he didn't move his gaze away from great builder . he had asked a different question before , but the expert had yet to answer it .
(oh , right .) great builder said . (well , they have many worlds to sustain . the lower planes don't require much energy , but the immortal lands and the cities in the sky put a lot of pressure on heaven and earth . they need to save power for a few months before applying another curse .)





chapter 1620 - 1620 . obviously
great builder's words made the experts widen their eyes . the fact that heaven and earth needed to accumulate energy every once in a while was quite surprising , but his lines contained something far more interesting .
- what in the world are the cities in the sky?
 noah shouted in his mind , even if the name already described a lot .
(you must consider that heaven and earth deplete most of their power in the constant expansion .) great builder explained after noticing the surprised faces . (these lands only get the leftovers of their full might . conquering planes and filling them with (breath) is the real deal .)
his explanation only made the experts more surprised . the structure of the planes and heaven and earth's projects had always been a vague topic in the cultivation world , but great builder seemed to know everything .
(what did you expect?) great builder continued . (heaven and earth need to capture planes for their survival and goals . they still want to reach the tenth rank . i guess they sacrifice a plane or two every few eras . the immortal lands always become a mess during those periods .)
(slow down !) king elbass suddenly shouted while lowering his gaze to show his respect for the expert . (can you repeat everything from the cities in the sky?)
the others didn't hesitate to nod , and great builder finally understood the reason behind their amazement . a shameless smile then appeared on his face , and an awkward laugh soon resounded through the area .
(i forgot what it was to speak with existences under the ninth rank .) great builder explained while scratching his cheek . (you shouldn't have learnt about this so soon . this knowledge shouldn't be free .)
(too late .) noah announced while sitting closer to the expert . (explain now .)
great builder wanted to refuse , but he felt awkward in front of so many curious faces . moreover , those experts had been a crucial part of his resurrection . he didn't know how right it was to keep them in the dark .
a sigh eventually escaped from his mouth . great builder opened his palm to create a series of white orbs that began to float in front of him .
(we all know that heaven and earth have blessed us with their (breath) and all the other stories .) great builder explained . (their energy goes both ways . part of it flows into their planes , while most of it spreads outside the sky , toward the worlds that they have yet to discover .)
his spheres morphed to match his explanation . great builder represented heaven and earth's domain as a circular area with the mortal lands at its edges .
the lower planes were right outside the white sky , even if its radiance enveloped them in a massive spherical structure . instead , the immortal lands were inside that barrier .
worlds would enter the white aura from time to time . some fell apart and sent their energy toward the sky , while others remained outside the sky to serve as a new lower plane .
(i don't know everything .) great builder reminded . (a lot of this knowledge is purely theoretical , but this should be the exact structure of heaven and earth's domain .)
(can we return into a lower plane if we leave the sky?) king elbass immediately asked .
(the lower planes might be outside of the sky .) great builder replied , (but they are inside heaven and earth domain . space itself belongs to them in that area . traveling through it without the proper tools or an adequate cultivation level is impossible .)
(did you try to do it?) alexander asked .
(i did , a long time ago .) great builder revealed . (i left from one of the holes above the landing zones and ventured through the void . it wasn't a nice experience . i never managed to make it past heaven and earth's domain .)
everyone fell silent . the idea of returning to lower planes was interesting , but the dangers that accompanied that mission outweighed the possible rewards .
(how did you find your way back?) noah asked .
(my group had a rank 9 inscribed item that remained attached to the hole to remind us of its position .) great builder explained . (yet , it's easy to lose yourself in the void , especially when heaven and earth control it . my team lost two powerful cultivators during the mission .)
(why did you make the journey?) king elbass asked .
(i was bored , and heaven and earth continued to annoy me with their tribulations .) great builder snorted . (also , lower planes have resources limited by their environment . heaven and earth had even cursed a few of them . bringing them into the immortal lands and pushing their power to the divine ranks could lead to decent benefits .)
noah could immediately think of a few things that he would bring into the immortal lands . the kaiser species was his first idea . he could finally have the best training method for his mind with those creatures up there .
(we never made it to a lower plane .) great builder revealed before the experts could let their minds run too far away . (heaven and earth don't want us to leave . it keeps you spinning in circles until you are ready to surrender your existence .)
noah had already had a conversation about the lands past the sky . he knew that they were hard to explore , but he didn't expect heaven and earth to be against him even there .
(what about the cities in the sky?) alexander eventually asked .
(they are nothing more than cities inside the immense large barrier .) great builder said while pointing at the sky . (only heaven and earth's followers can live there . i tried to interrogate a few of them , but i didn't learn much .)
(how many followers do they have?) noah asked .
(i don't know .) great builder replied while shrugging his shoulders . (going there is also suicide . i bet heaven and earth have multiple rank 9 existences under their rule . that part of the sky is too dangerous for forces of your size and a few decent experts .)
sparks gathered in the sky during the conversation . they flew toward the group and amassed around divine demon . heaven and earth had cursed him on the spot .
(it has already begun .) great builder sighed when he inspected that scene . (it seems that heaven and earth have a lot of energy to waste on you . you shouldn't remain here for too long .)
great builder stood up , but noah imitated him and attracted his attention again .
(where are you going?) noah quickly asked , and great builder appeared quite displeased by that question .
(i can't protect you forever .) great builder said in a cold voice . (i think i have already repaid my debt . i have to wake up an old friend before flying back into the stormy regions . these places are too calm .)
(are you talking about supreme thief?) noah asked again , but great builder's reaction was completely different at that point .
(how do you know that name?) great builder asked , and noah revealed a shameless smile .
(i will give you the location of his inheritance if you give me part of radiant eyes after transforming her into something edible .) noah proposed while trying to play the expert and obtaining part of the loot .
great builder limited himself to smile and turn toward a different speech , but noah felt forced to interrupt him again .
(give us some resources and far more knowledge .) noah said . (supreme thief's inheritance is in a secret location , but i bet we seal a deal . we will even show you the way if the negotiation satisfies us .)
(what could you even want?) great builder snorted . (your body is too strong already . you will explode if you add anything more than that .)
(you are a rank 9 cultivator capable of creating marvelous items .) noah replied . (i obviously want everything .)





chapter 1621 - 1621 . enemy
noah's request didn't only apply to him . actually , he didn't need great builder's items . he would even avoid getting resources if the expert could tell him more about heaven and earth's domain .
he had requested everything out of habit , but the pyramid had already given his army a massive amount of wealth . noah wasn't even sure whether great builder had anything left after fighting radiant eyes .
the leaders made a list with their requests , and great builder only glanced at them before accepting everything . the expert didn't mind them at all . after all , he owed the group his very life .
great builder turned out to be completely broke after the battle . the bricks of the pyramid had suffered too much damage , and he had even consumed most of his valuable resources .
still , the expert was an existence in the ninth rank capable of wonders . great builder could give the hybrids something that they had always lacked . he could create a proper stronghold that would seal their ownership over the regions in the outer lands .
that suggestion came from alexander . the expert didn't want anything for himself , so he requested a structure worthy of his organization .
king elbass , luke's team , and the experts from the balrow family joined noah in his request for knowledge . wilfred and the other hybrids accepted the new home as their reward , while divine demon asked for a conversation with great builder .
the magical beasts didn't ask anything , but the leader of the foolery decided to join divine demon and hold a private conversation with great builder . no one knew the topics about that interaction , but the duo wore satisfied expressions after the chat ended .
great builder took radiant eyes corpse but left everything else to his saviors . the battlefield contained countless corpses and broken puppets that the experts could use for multiple projects .
the group then left the area and flew across the human domain to return to the outer lands . great builder could create a teleport , but the experts preferred to study how the environment had changed during radiant eyes' rule .
destruction spread everywhere . radiant eyes had chased the white cultivator across the entire human domain , and she had never spared the few forces that she met .
the human domain was a desolate land now , and only a few packs of magical beasts occupied its surface and underground world . those areas would soon attract new creatures , but the process might take centuries .
great builder continued his description about heaven and earth's domain during the travel . most of his ideas came from vague clues found during his long life , but they sounded pretty accurate when they reached the experts' ears .
the immortal lands stood at the center of the domain . the white sky surrounded the higher plane and worked as a filter for the many resources captured during the constant expansion .
heaven and earth's aura covered the sky and kept the various lower planes inside a separate space . their influence also spread in the immense void and searched for new worlds to absorb .
the constant absorption led to a steady expansion . the sky stretched , and the immortal lands grew day by day . heaven and earth never stopped , but their real motives were unclear .
reaching the tenth rank was the obvious explanation , but great builder believed that there was something else . such powerful existences couldn't be mere beings that cared only about energy . there had to be more to that immense structure .
noah felt very interested in the cities inside the sky . he believed that they contained clues about heaven and earth's true nature , but great builder often reminded him not to search for them at his current level .
the expert knew a lot about heaven and earth's power , but noah had to admit that the tribulations had never managed to pose a decent threat to him lately . he didn't want to underestimate those mighty rulers , but his experience forced him to think otherwise .
(tell me how you died .) noah eventually asked .
noah couldn't let himself underestimate heaven and earth , so he needed an accurate description of their might . hearing about great builder's death could be the key to solve that issue .
(the air became an unbearable poison .) great builder explained . (i solved that , but i had to face the anger of the ground afterward . imagine the terrain shattering whenever you try to step on the surface of this world .)
(that's not enough to kill you .) noah replied .
(this is what you are experiencing .) great builder sighed . (the next step will feature constant lightning bolts falling on yourself . then , you will have the (breath) of the world against you . i bet you can sense how the whole plane is trying to get rid of your existence .)
(you have yet to explain how you died .) noah reminded the expert .
(i'm getting there .) great builder snorted . (i still remember my death . i was at this level when heaven and earth managed to put an end to my life . my law is too strong to die , but i had to lose to acknowledge the might of my opponents .)
noah didn't complain . the expert wanted to take his time to describe that story . it was clear that those memories still hurt his pride .
(i was in the middle of the stormy regions .) great builder continued . (heaven and earth couldn't reach me there , but that didn't apply to their followers . i have seen armies appearing around me . i tried my best , but the world began to suppress my existence , and those troops eventually overwhelmed me .)
noah arched his eyebrows . great builder was too strong to die due to a few armies . he was a rank 9 cultivator by that time , so most existences in the world had to lower their head in front of him .
(the armies weren't a problem .) great builder added . (imagine having to face three rank 9 cultivators empowered by heaven and earth while the whole world tries to suppress you . those beings went beyond heaven and earth's limits . it's hard to put their power into words .)
(limits?) noah asked .
(heaven and earth can make their followers ignore their fairness .) great builder continued . (they can wield energy that goes beyond the (breath) . even their laws feel strange .)
great builder took a few breaks during the travel to stabilize his cultivation level . he had just come back to life . he required those moments to harmonize his existence and make sure that heaven and earth didn't keep track of him .
(this is a safe period , but problems will eventually arrive .) great builder explained . (heaven and earth will learn how to exploit your innate flaws after each tribulation . your superior body won't help you anymore at some point . your existence will become your very limit .)
(is that how you died?) noah eventually asked .
(yes .) great builder sighed . (i had so many projects at hand , but the world wasn't ready for that . i didn't think heaven and earth would bother to create a punishment that targeted my very existence . i wasn't even arrogant . i didn't think they could do it due to their fairness .)
(i guess i'll also face the same tribulation .) noah continued to ask .
(undoubtedly .) great builder explained . (your existence will become your worst enemy . broader laws have a better chance to survive , but you shouldn't take that for granted . there is only suffering from now on .)
(so be it .) noah sighed .
(this is the path toward the peak .) great builder explained . (i've seen your centers of power and studied your existence . i can already imagine heaven and earth tricking you with a fake understanding of the superior ranks . beware of what you feel . don't trust yourself during a tribulation .)





chapter 1622 - 1622 . study
the conversation left noah partially unsatisfied . he had understood that heaven and earth would modify their punishments according to his existence , but the most threatening tribulations seemed to feature rank 9 experts .
noah would have to face those existences only when his battle prowess reached the ninth rank . that was part of heaven and earth's fairness . the followers could ignore those limits , but the rulers had to abide by them .
normal cultivation levels didn't apply to noah . he only had a middle tier body , but he could already fight upper tier magical beasts .
having to face rank 9 existences once his battle prowess reached that level didn't sound too scary . great builder's story didn't manage to instill fear inside him , and noah couldn't help but feel disappointed about it .
- i guess it's up to heaven and earth .
noah thought as the travel reached its last phase .
the human domain didn't feature anything interesting since radiant eyes had seized every valuable resource . the travel had only confirmed that the legion wouldn't have enemies in a while . after all , the various organizations had to reclaim the lost lands first .
the legion and noah didn't have any interest in taking those regions . the outer lands were better in terms of sheer energy , so they wouldn't care about those damaged areas .
the blue regions eventually appeared in noah's vision . a series of packs had taken control of those lands due to the nourishing properties of the blue bushes , but great builder's presence made them run away before they could sense the other auras in his group .
(this is not bad at all .) great builder commented at the sight of the blue lands , and the leader of the foolery couldn't help but raise its head to express its pride .
(i don't know how much you can do right now .) alexander probed . (i wish you could create something that covers both cities , at least . we can handle the rest .)
(nonsense .) great builder snorted , and his consciousness spread through the regions .
his law flowed inside his mental waves and forced the lands to morph . magical plants grew out of the ground and created a series of tall domes that covered the entire area occupied by the legion and noah's group .
the magical plants soon died , but they left behind their thick structure and the domes . their materials seemed able to fend off every aura that reached their surface . they resembled impenetrable walls , even if they had many holes inside them .
great builder continued his creations inside those structures . he rearranged the matter in the ground to give birth to tall open buildings that could contain cultivators , magical beasts , and hybrids .
those structures had all the best features of the inscribed habitations . they enhanced the absorption of energy and granted a higher recovery rate . some of them also had features that quickened the thinking speed .
king elbass couldn't help but take notes whenever great builder waved his hands . everything he did inspired the cultivator and gave him new ideas .
the new home of the legion quickly took form . its final shape saw entire regions covered in magical plants that hid tall structures capable of benefitting every creature in the world .
noah felt the need to seclude himself in front of such structures , but he suppressed that feeling . great builder had yet to complete one task before departing toward the stormy regions . he had to wake up a powerful friend .
the leaders left most of their underlings inside those new habitations before leading great builder deeper into the outer lands . an immense mountain soon appeared in their vision , and a large palace couldn't escape their inspection .
(i wonder where he stole that .) great builder commented at the sight of the palace . (supreme thief has never learnt how to build something so big . i bet he took various mansions and merged them into this shape .)
noah and the others ignored that comment and waited for the expert to work his magic . great builder soon neared the palace and made his consciousness converge among the towers . he didn't care about the various separate dimensions hidden inside those structures . he only wanted to find his old friend .
an azure aura soon seeped out of the palace , and great builder didn't hesitate to focus on it . a curse soon escaped his mouth , and his figure began to fade right in the middle of noah's group .
(i'll be back soon .) great builder said before his figure completely disappeared .
noah and the others waited for entire days in front of the palace before deciding to dig training areas around the azure mountain . they didn't know when great builder would come back , but they had a lot of experience to absorb after the events with radiant eyes .
witnessing the battle between two rank 9 existences gave them a general idea of how that power level worked . they had seen how the world reacted to those presences . the fight wasn't something that they could study in a few training sessions .
noah didn't hesitate to rely on the demonic deduction technique after memorizing those scenes . he recalled the battle , but his focus had always been on the various abilities used during the face-off .
great builder had won the battle , but radiant eyes had also shown how the innate advantages of the hybrids weren't enough in a fight at that level .
it was hard to justify radiant eyes' defeat . noah could only blame her lack of viable techniques . her toxic influence was only a passive power that couldn't match her physical prowess .
great builder had also been useless when noah gathered information about the battle . he had studied radiant eyes' law , but his understanding was purely theoretical . he had only learnt about certain features before creating suitable countermeasures .
noah was on his own during his seclusion . he mainly focused on cultivating and stabilizing his centers of power , and he rarely lingered on new projects .
his idea of exploiting the parasite to create an attack similar to radiant eye's influence was only a vague project that would require years to set off .
the main problem with that ability was its application in a real battle . noah already had powerful spells and techniques that could inflict damage over time , but they didn't suit his battle style .
the corrosive aura was the same . noah had to work hard only to make that power useful . that attack didn't match his singularities or movement techniques , but he felt confident enough to create something valuable .
great builder returned as his idea began to form . the expert brought the entire corpse of a rank 9 magical beast and began to dissect its body right in front of the palace .
noah quickly flew out of the cave to inspect the scene . great builder created nine weaker versions of the rank 9 fake cores and placed them on each tower .
an ethereal figure appeared at the center of the palace when the halo dimmed . azure light surrounded his body , and his long black hair fluttered in the wind . a dark eye patch covered his left eye , and a confused expression filled his face .
(you have come back to life .) great builder said . (i must admit . surpassing your defenses has been quite easy .)
supreme thief didn't reply . his body slowly regained a physical form . waves of threatening azure light flew through the world and converged in his position , giving him the various pieces of aura that he had spread through the plane during his life .





chapter 1623 - 1623 . departure
(my defenses?) supreme thief asked while continuing to inspect his surroundings . (i stole them too . why would i bother to build something when i can take them from better inscription masters?)
(death didn't change you .) great builder commented .
(death changes nothing .) supreme thief replied . (we are worlds inside heaven and earth . we can only expand .)
supreme thief inspected his body . he raised his hand and checked that everything was in place . azure light still converged toward his figure , but his existence was almost ready to live again .
heaven and earth didn't like that process . they marked supreme thief's existence , and they quickly reacted when the pieces of his world converged toward his figure .
a series of sparks acc .u .mulated in the sky , but supreme thief instinctively performed a pulling motion and tore them away from the whiteness .
huge sparks and lightning bolts froze mid-air and flew toward supreme thief . those attacks didn't dare to move in his presence . they could be nutrients , but the expert only put them into the palace under him for the time being .
(we are back to life !) supreme thief eventually commented . (i bet the great masters won't like it . how strong are you right now?)
(i've mostly recovered .) great builder replied . (i need a few more years to refill my inventory and gain access to my whole battle prowess .)
(that's not bad .) supreme thief replied . (i should be a bit better than that . we can't let those annoying existences take over us again . we must be one step ahead of them from now on .)
noah and the others began to inspect their surroundings . they were ready for the appearance of another rank 9 cultivator , but heaven and earth didn't send anyone .
heaven and earth had spread their punishment on the entire group after the events with radiant eyes . almost all the members of the army were now suffering from that annoying curse .
(nothing?) supreme thief asked in a surprised tone while inspecting his surroundings . (that's strange . i thought heaven and earth hated us .)
(give it time .) great builder . (they have just lost one of their powerful followers . i think they don't want to waste assets on us right now .)
(boring .) supreme thief sighed . (i wanted to steal something . heaven and earth's followers are easy targets .)
noah and the others remained in silence during that interaction . they didn't know how to join the conversation , and part of them didn't want to attract the experts' attention .
still , supreme thief turned toward noah's group before they could say anything . a faint smile appeared on the expert's face , but he remained in his position since his body had yet to solidify completely .
(you should be grateful to them .) great builder said before supreme thief could do anything . (don't steal anything . you are alive because of their efforts .)
(i was only looking .) supreme thief replied in an annoyed tone . (i already know a few of them , especially that guy with the strange energy .)
(i've also noticed it .) great builder exclaimed . (i wish i could have more time to study it .)
noah felt the need to take a few steps back after those remarks , but he could sense that the experts didn't have any ill intentions .
supreme thief waited until his body solidified before entering the palace . he took a few items and returned to the outside world to join his companion .
the two experts talked while their auras suppressed their words . noah and the others couldn't understand what they were saying , and they didn't try to inspect their conversation out of respect for those powerful existences .
the legion had gone from being one of the weaker organizations in the immortal lands to having two rank 9 cultivators conversing nearby . the scene was quite surreal , especially when considering the past of that force .
(i guess it's time to go .) great builder eventually said , and the weaker experts around him managed to hear his words .
(no point remaining in these barren lands .) supreme thief sighed . (we need the storms to advance . i hope heaven and earth can send an expert or two in the meantime .)
(heaven and earth already know what we can do .) great builder complained . (we need to improve quickly , or they will overwhelm us again . i don't think my existence can survive another death .)
(i don't think we'll have the chance to come back to life again !) supreme thief laughed before turning toward noah's group . (i'll leave the palace here . it still has many resources , so it works as an inheritance . you can sacrifice it if the tribulations become too harsh to handle .)
noah felt curious about their worries . he wanted to see the duo fight heaven and earth . still , he respected their fears . the rulers of the world had to have something powerful in store since supreme thief and great builder felt in a hurry to advance .
(i must leave .) great builder announced while nearing noah's group . (we should be even now . we will meet again if you manage to survive through the next millennia .)
(don't forget your greed .) supreme thief said while winking at noah .
great builder quickly neared supreme thief , and the duo disappeared from their position . the innate heavy aura radiated by their figure also vanished , which confirmed that the two experts had left .
noah and the others inspected that spot for a while before glancing toward the palace . some of them decided to enter the inheritance in silence , and none of them dared to stop those experts .
the rest of the group remained outside . a long training session was waiting for them back into their domain , but they didn't want to start it right away .
they wanted to watch more battles that featured experts at the peak of the cultivation journey . they desired to stir chaos among the remaining human organizations . they wanted more from the immortal lands , but their current level had already given them everything they could seize .
the group returned inside the blue regions now protected by magical plants and various structures . the experts could inspect the many training areas and special environments created by great builder , and that sight left them completely satisfied .
noah solidified his breakthrough inside those training areas . his body had shown signs of improvements only after he devoured many corpses stored inside his separate space . the upper tier seemed an immensity away , but noah believed that he could do something to quicken his growth .
the battle against the bees had shown him that he could hunt creatures in the upper tier . magical beasts at that level could give him far more nutrients and significantly improve the pace of his growth .
noah also focused on his dantian since it was the only center of power that had fallen behind . improving it required a lot of time , but noah already had clear ideas about his path . he only had to invest time and effort , and his breakthrough would arrive .
as for his mind , noah had already booked a series of appointments with alexander . he wouldn't let his portable training area run away , especially in a period so heavily focused on centers of power .
a long period went by as the experts rested and improved inside the blue lands . a series of breakthroughs happened , and most experts grew .
the legion and noah's team were waiting for the human forces to reclaim their domain , but they didn't expect a series of them to appear at the edges of the defensive magical plants .
noah and a few experts decided to investigate the matter , and their eyes widened at that sight . most of the leaders among the human forces had reached the blue domain even if they had yet to reclaim their old lands .
****
author's notes: timer bugged out . i had to publish the chapters earlier .





chapter 1624 - 1624 . call
the group from the human domain didn't feature many experts . that team only had one envoy for each organization , with a few exceptions .
noah recognized many emblems when he reached the enemy group . the monneay family , the sailbrird family , the rotway family , and other forces had sent their envoys in the outer lands , but they didn't seem to have ill intentions .
the group lacked experts from the crystal city , but noah expected much . their hatred toward noah ran too deep even to consider the option of having a normal conversation with the legion .
(i can't understand if you are reckless or desperate .) noah commented after inspecting the group .
a tinge of shame appeared on the experts' faces , but they managed to maintain stern expressions . they didn't want to lose their cool in those regions .
(we are grateful .) gloria sailbrird replied . (your organization has taken care of a threat that had brought the human domain to its knees . we are here to express our desire to put an end to our past enmities .)
(what if i didn't share that desire?) noah asked while wearing a cold smile . (you have opposed my organization and me for millennia . forgiving you doesn't sound proper .)
(we don't have a home .) gloria explained . (the recent catastrophe had shown us who can stand at the peak of the immortal lands . our organizations have failed , and your force has won .)
noah wanted to give voice to sharp words again , but he suppressed that desire . he couldn't find a reason to continue with his stubbornness . his old enemies didn't have much to lose anymore .
(just tell me what you want .) noah sighed . (i believe you didn't come all this way only to thank me .)
(you are correct .) gloria replied . (we have an offer , but we don't know whether you'll even consider it .)
noah turned toward alexander and the others who had come with him to meet the envoys . they were also unclear about the nature of that offer , especially after great builder had described the entire layout of heaven and earth's domain .
the higher plane didn't have much to offer anymore . noah had long since guessed that his focus had to be on the stormy regions from now on . his only issue was the lack of exciting adventures .
the windy regions were still too dangerous for noah . he guessed that the liquid stage would allow him to endure that harsh environment , but that power level wouldn't give him the chance to experience those lands properly .
noah had met a rank 9 creature during his short journey through the windy regions . the liquid stage wouldn't make him feel safe there . it was only the bare minimum requirement to survive the chaotic laws .
alexander shrugged his shoulders , and king elbass limited himself to nod . it didn't hurt to listen to those envoys . they didn't have the power to damage the legion anyway .
noah let the envoys inside the domes . he didn't show them the core buildings under those structures , but he still led them into one of the various training areas .
(speak .) noah said after he sat on the ground and took a jug of wine .
divine demon and the other experts quickly handed him the cups , but noah didn't offer anything to the envoys . those members of the human organizations weren't worthy of his respect .
(i'd like to begin our offer with a description of the immortal lands .) gloria explained , ignoring the fact that noah didn't offer her wine .
the expert began to describe matters that noah and the others had recently learnt from great builder . she drew a simple map that described heaven and earth's domain in the air without giving many details about the lands on the other side of the sky .
noah and the others pretended to feel some interest in those drawings and remained silent as gloria reached the main topic of the meeting . her fingers pointed at the central landmass that represented the higher plane before she began to explain the nature of that offer .
(the immortal lands isn't a planet .) gloria explained . (they are nothing more than a landmass with intense storms at its edges . our domains occupy only one side of this structure , but there is another side right under it .)
(i hope you aren't suggesting to reach the other side .) noah snorted .
(we indeed are .) gloria continued . (imagine having access to a second higher plane that isn't ready for our arrival . we can suppress and raid entire organizations before returning here .)
(how would you even reach the other side?) king elbass asked . (the storms surround the plane , which leaves us with no path .)
(we are planning to dig the ground until we reach the other side .) gloria revealed , but her words only managed to make noah and the others explode into a laugh .
(for how long do you even plan to do it?) noah laughed . (you don't even know how thick the higher plane is . you might have to spend entire millennia digging only to find a surface invaded by magical beasts .)
the envoys' expression changed after that remark . they weren't angry . instead , they appeared hesitant . it seemed that they wanted to say something , but they suppressed their words .
(we are done .) noah sighed at that sight . (you can leave . i don't have time to waste in political games .)
the expert from the rotway family immediately stood up and pretended to leave , but the other envoys convinced her to stay . the meeting was far from over . they only had to give the last news before deciding .
(digging is the wrong word .) gloria continued . (truth be told , we already have a viable route . heaven and earth have opened it for us after the events with radiant eyes .)
noah couldn't help but wear a stern expression once the topic shifted to heaven and earth . he wanted to know more about that tunnel now , but only to understand the intentions of those rulers .
(i know that some of you can contact heaven and earth .) noah announced . (how much did they tell you about this tunnel? did they force you to come here?)
noah couldn't shake the feeling that the tunnel was a trap . it didn't specifically target him , but it attracted his interest .
(we tried to ask .) gloria revealed . (our main guess was that heaven and earth were giving us a way out of radiant eyes' threat , but that hypothesis shattered after you took care of her . our new idea is a bit scarier , and that's the exact reason why we are here .)
(do you want a meat shield?) noah asked .
(we need powerful warriors .) gloria continued . (our second guess sees heaven and earth in need of help . there might be a threat on the others side that their tribulation can't handle .)
(why would i bother to come then?) noah asked . (i like seeing heaven and earth struggling . i have no reason to help them .)
(we decided to contact you due to your power .) gloria explained . (your affiliation doesn't matter . we only want more lands to conquer .)
(you can go .) noah replied . (i'm not interested .)
(do you prefer to spend your journey till you are strong enough for the windy regions?) gloria asked . (welcome to the top . try not to get bored . i will wait for your call .)
****
author's notes: i'm still editing . give me a max of twenty minutes per chapter . the next ones will come soon .





chapter 1625 - 1625 . offer
the envoys left , and one of the experts in noah's team escorted them outside of the domes . instead , noah and the others remained inside the training area and held a meeting to discuss that matter .
the experts had different opinions about that offer . most of them agreed that the tunnel was a trap set by heaven and earth to take care of those who fought their system . however , the group couldn't find common ground during the discussion .
gloria had spoken the truth . the immortal lands didn't offer much in their current state . the rank 8 experts in the gaseous stage could still find something interesting in those areas , but those approaching the liquid stage had already set their eyes on the windy regions .
the magical beasts' domain and the various inheritances could keep them busy for a while , but they weren't the best training methods for experts at that level . noah and the others needed adventures to improve their existence . their current options could only give them techniques and materials .
(do we really care if it's a trap or not?) king elbass shouted . (i almost wish it was a plan set by heaven and earth . overcoming that hindrance would make us stronger .)
(you aren't thinking about the legion .) jordan complained . (we would lose a lot of power if many experts were to leave for this mission . the other organizations might use that chance to take everything we have obtained during the last years .)
(it's pointless to linger on these topics .) noah eventually said to put an end to that conversation . (we have organizations , but we are also existences who strive to reach the higher ranks . we need these adventures to grow and improve our power .)
(don't tell me that you want to go there .) jordan asked .
(i'm considering it .) noah explained . (gloria is right . i have nothing to do until my battle prowess reaches the ninth rank . long periods in seclusion would only hurt my centers of power .)
(it's still better than jumping into an obvious trap !) jordan shouted .
(i'm with you , my heir .) divine demon exclaimed . (this peaceful life doesn't suit me anyway .)
(they only want to affect our power !) jordan continued to complain . (we have finally become one of the strongest organizations in the immortal lands . why would you throw this status away?)
(boredom .) divine demon replied .
(curiosity .) king elbass added .
(need for struggles .) noah continued .
(they aren't completely wrong .) alexander sighed . (this peaceful lifestyle would affect our power anyway . we might as well invest it into this quest .)
(do you also support this?) jordan asked while turning toward alexander .
(adventures are the main source of growth in the cultivation journey .) alexander explained . (you can't ask experts to remain inside a cave forever . everyone would reach the ninth rank otherwise .)
(we have awakened a rank 9 existence to obtain this peace .) jordan sighed and began to massage her temples .
(jordan has a point .) noah eventually said . (we shouldn't send too many experts into the mission . only the strongest among us should go .)
(how do you plan to find that out?) king elbass asked .
(let's hold a tournament among those who want to go into the tunnel .) noah explained . (the winners will get the chance to join gloria and her group for the mission .)
noah's solution met a few complaints , but the other experts couldn't have much to say on the matter . none of them had the power to force other existences to remain in the outer lands . those missions were necessary for the cultivation journey in the end .
the various rank 8 experts soon spread the news about the imminent tournament , and the rest of the legion prepared a suitable battlefield .
king elbass created a few sensors and placed them into regions outside of the blue lands . the battles wouldn't happen inside the domes , so the experts could go all-out without worrying about the consequences of their actions .
noah soon created a series of rules . he wanted to keep everything simple , but he also desired to leave the weaker experts outside the mission .
those who managed to win at least one battle would gain the chance to join the mission . the fights also had to happen among experts with similar battle prowess to set an even ground where everyone had a chance to defeat their opponents .
the rules even put limits on those who could join the event . sending rank 7 experts into the mission was mere suicide , so noah restricted the tournament to existences in the eighth rank .
crowds of hybrids , cultivators , and magical beasts gathered under the domes and at the battlefield's borders to inspect the imminent fights . their leaders were about to have friendly challenges , so the underlings didn't dare to miss them .
only those interested in joining the mission gathered on the battlefield . noah , divine demon , king elbass , luke's team , and the others from the balrow family left the domes to search for contestants , but noah stepped forward before any of them could say anything .
(i want to join the exploration .) noah announced to the small group in those lands . (i'll be the first to fight .)
silence spread through the group , but an expert quickly stepped forward . king elbass wore an arrogant smile , and battle intent leaked out of his figure . he seemed almost unable to contain his desire to fight noah .
(i'm not surprised about this .) noah laughed while the other experts left the area to gather at the edges of the battlefield .
(we have to settle this score .) king elbass replied . (we have to understand who is stronger .)
(my body is in the middle tier .) noah added . (i have the upper hand here .)
(that's what makes it so interesting .) king elbass announced . (i want to see how far my power stretches .)
the tournament didn't feature any signal that marked the beginning of the fights . they were all friends there . they could find a way to keep things fair .
(you can deploy your puppets .) noah said while wearing a mocking smile .
(you can try to jump toward me as fast as you can .) king elbass replied . (i want to see what you can do in the middle tier .)
noah didn't let king elbass' words affect his tactic , but he still shot forward . his figure transformed into a black blade that reached his opponent in an instant .
king elbass limited himself to smile , and his expression didn't change even when noah punched his shoulder . pure golden flames spread through the environment as his body part exploded .
(you shouldn't underestimate me so much .) king elbass said as a tinge of arrogance flowed inside his words . (try launching deadly attacks . we both know that i'm hard to kill .)
(i'd rather avoid it .) noah explained while the golden flames flew into the distance . (i don't want to kill you by mistake .)
(you should try to survive first .) king elbass laughed as an army of fiery puppets filled the battlefield .
king elbass' figure reappeared behind the army of gaseous stage puppets , but noah shot through them . those creatures couldn't even begin to stop him .
noah reached king elbass' new position and threw another punch , but the expert transformed before he could experience his first . his flames flew toward the distance again and allowed his puppets to surround him .





chapter 1626 - 1626 . holding back
waves of golden flames crashed on noah , but they didn't manage to pierce his skin . they didn't even burn him . attacks at that level couldn't hurt his middle tier body .
noah's consciousness expanded to find king elbass . the expert was behind his army of fiery puppets , and his hands moved non-stop to create shining inscriptions .
- i can't give him time to create formations .
noah thought before shooting through the flames again .
the puppets shattered whenever noah crossed them . they couldn't do anything against his physical might . he could fly through the golden flames and reach king elbass again , but the expert repeated his evasive maneuver .
(do you want to fight me in a battle of resilience?) noah shouted before chasing after king elbass .
king elbass never stopped deploying fiery puppets . armored humanoid creatures and magical beasts of various sizes filled the battlefield and threw their flames toward noah , but their attacks didn't do anything . they didn't even manage to slow him down .
noah punched and sprinted without ever taking a break to inspect his situation . giving time to king elbass was a fatal mistake that he couldn't commit .
- fine then .
noah thought once he grew bored of those relentless exchanges .
noah waited until king elbass materialized in a new position before activating the unstable substance . raw power flowed inside his black vessels and gave him the chance to reach his opponent in an instant .
king elbass didn't expect that sudden burst of power , but he was ready for that event . his figure exploded into a wave of raging flames when noah was about to reach him . that fiery attack managed to slow him down and make him fail his offensive , and the puppets didn't hesitate to launch another wave of fire that engulfed his body .
noah spat his flames . his black fire burnt the golden one that filled the sky . it also expanded until it covered the entire battlefield , and all the puppets eventually vanished under his powerful innate ability .
king elbass soon became visible . he was in a spot far away , and his hands continued to leave inscriptions on the sky . he also snapped his fingers at some point , and the lingering black flames vanished as his influence spread .
noah arrived on top of king elbass in an instant , but a golden radiance blinded him before he could reach his opponent . a series of snake-like items also entangled themselves around his arms and tried to restrain his movements .
noah tore those restraints apart and used his consciousness to keep track of king elbass' position . the expert was still under him , but his figure started to vanish when he sensed those mental waves .
the demonic sword quickly came out of his separate space and landed in his hand . noah waved the blade and launched a massive curved singularity toward the expert .
(i was waiting for that !) king elbass shouted , and a series of inscriptions lit up on his robe .
the singularity tried to fall on king elbass , but its structure grew unstable before it could reach him . energy began to leak out of the attack until it exploded into a dense wave of power .
that violent energy engulfed noah and flung him away . his consciousness also lost track of king elbass' position during those short seconds , and more flames landed on his figure .
- this is getting annoying .
noah cursed in his mind before summoning duanlong , snore , and night .
the dragon took care of absorbing the flames in the environment . night fused with the world and preceded noah whenever he charged toward his opponent . snore struggled to keep up with the pace of the battle , but it launched feathers whenever king elbass tried to activate his evasive maneuver .
king elbass slowly lost his confidence against that relentless offensive . he didn't want to use too many inscribed items , but the situation had become too dangerous after noah revealed his puppets .
a series of inscriptions suddenly became visible on the battlefield . noah felt that those lines lacked part of their structure , but he never lingered too much on them since he had to keep pressuring king elbass .
the inscriptions gave birth to a series of trails of golden light that converged toward noah and surrounded his whole figure . they didn't initially manage to do anything , but they soon started to slow down his movements .
(i've spent years with you .) king elbass announced from the back of the battlefield . (i have memorized your battle style , and i have already invented many countermeasures .)
the golden light hovering above his skin triggered something peculiar . the flames that had tried to pierce his skin since the beginning reappeared and began to detonate .
countless explosions happened on noah's skin . his consciousness couldn't expand with so much destruction happening around him .
more flames flew toward noah , but he didn't remain in the same spot . he shot upward and let his abrupt acceleration take care of the light that surrounded his body .
the golden light tried to resist that pressure , but black roots soon came out of his palm and covered his figure . a layer of dark matter also appeared above his skin to protect him from the corrosive aura .
king elbass' ability couldn't survive against the parasite . noah soon found himself able to scan the environment again , and he quickly discovered his opponent in a spot covered with inscriptions .
noah shot forward and waved his blade multiple times . a rain of singularities fell toward king elbass , but he snapped his fingers and made those attacks explode .
noah was waiting for that . he transformed into a black blade that pierced the violent energy and made him reach king elbass in an instant .
the expert didn't expect noah to be so reckless . his skin had become quite fragile after the golden light and multiple detonations . crossing the violent energy had opened many cuts .
the inscriptions lit up before noah could crash on king elbass . they summoned a series of middle tier golems that radiated the same aura as before . flames tried to reappear on his skin , but the demonic form took care of that influence .
the golems slammed on noah and tried to restrain his movements , but the parasite made them basically useless . pure golden flames and inscriptions made their bodies , but the corrosive aura destroyed them in no time .
noah could finally continue his assault on king elbass after the golem vanished . his blade descended again , but he deployed the dark world before the singularities came out of his weapon .
king elbass had to endure the pressure generated by the dark world and the incoming singularities . he used most of his power to activate a gem that made him teleport outside the technique , but he found noah waiting for him there .
noah didn't hesitate to slash with his sword . king elbass partially transformed into a wave of golden flames , but blood spilled in the area and burnt when it touched the fire .
king elbass tried to leave again , but noah followed his consciousness and enveloped him inside the dark world . his sword was ready to launch another storm of singularities , but he held it back in that situation .
(i can almost match you without using the best inscribed items in my space-ring .) king elbass laughed while inspecting the demonic sword .
the outcome of the battle didn't resemble a loss . king elbass had almost forced noah to go all-out , even if he were overall weaker than him . the expert also had many trump cards in his space ring that he decided not to use .





chapter 1627 - 1627 . surprise
noah and king elbass had held their trump cards back . their battle was only a friendly contest meant to establish how strong they had become .
those who had seen noah and king elbass' battles knew that they didn't show even a quarter of their true power . still , the fight had been a spectacle capable of inspiring many weaker troops .
that was the hidden meaning behind the tournament . the mission on the other side of the plane would probably last for entire millennia , and the legion would lack a core part of its power during that period .
the underlings had to improve to ensure the stability of their organization , and inspiring them was the best way to quicken that process .
(who do you think will win if we were to fight seriously?) noah whispered while both experts inspected their injuries .
(i must admit that we both are resourceful existences .) king elbass sighed as his eyes fell on divine demon . (i'm still the same cultivator that you have fought in the mortal lands , but i'm also completely different . deciding a winner between us would require a death , and that's something i don't want to see .)
(did the great king elbass turn soft?) noah tried to mock him , but king elbass mostly ignored that remark .
(soft is necessary , especially for a maker .) king elbass explained . (the matter is not the limit . there are realms beyond the mere logic , and i stumbled on them thanks to you .)
(i don't have control over that part of my law .) noah said as his tone turned serious .
(and yet it's still part of you .) king elbass replied . (it's funny how things evolve . i have turned into the lone eccentric , while you have become the overbearing leader . the cultivation journey can hide surprises even after millennia .)
(we have yet to approach the final stage .) noah added .
(do you want it to end?) king elbass asked .
(i would rather create new ranks than stopping .) noah laughed . (we are maniacs . staying still doesn't suit us .)
king elbass chuckled before wearing his stern expression again . his challenging gaze went on luke . he was ready to fight again and join the mission officially .
noah flew toward the sidelines with a heavy mind . various memories ran through his vision , and a smile eventually appeared on his face . his life had been incredible , but he wanted more . those adventures never managed to appease his endless desired .
- to think that i might end up helping heaven and earth .
noah laughed internally .
- i can't wait to start this mission .
king elbass stepped into the battlefield again , but luke didn't accept his silent challenge . instead , one of the experts from the balrow family decided to face him .
the two experts decided to avoid the pointless exchange of attacks since king elbass' battle prowess was on the winning side . the duo showcased some of their best inscribed items and declared the best inscription master as the winner .
king elbass won by a large margin , and the expert from the balrow family requested a private conversation after the battle . the other members of that faction also joined that event since they saw in king elbass an inscription master that could lead them toward new heights .
jordan and ian decided to ignore the mission . they didn't want to cooperate with the forces of the human domain , especially during such a crucial period for the legion .
theodora and alexander had a similar mindset , but for different reasons . theodora loathed battles , while alexander was the living deterrent of the legion . his decision to remain in the outer lands would ensure peace .
other experts in the gaseous stage decided to fight . luke , pearl , and other cultivators wanted to join that mysterious exploration , but noah felt forced to change the rules because of them .
noah had initially stated that one victory was enough to join the mission , but he had to meet specific standards . most of those cultivators would be useless with gloria sailbrird and similar cultivators around them .
noah wouldn't deny that chance to gaseous stage experts , but he couldn't bring everyone either . having a liquid stage battle prowess became the minimum requirement to join the mission .
only luke and another cultivator met those requirements . noah was even surprised with the latter's battle prowess . he couldn't help but smile when he saw that fergie could now unleash spells capable of touching the liquid stage .
a massive raging sun floated at some distance from the ground and sent destructive flares in every direction . fergie sat on top of the fiery sphere while wearing a proud smile . his eyes found a similar smirk on noah's face when he looked at him .
his opponent was one of the cultivators in luke's team . the expert had his back on the ground and was staring at the massive ball of fire with wide eyes .
fear and disbelief filled his expression . the cultivator couldn't understand how a simple gaseous stage expert could generate so much power without losing control of his technique .
(i have gone through desperation , death , rebirth , and anger .) fergie said without moving his eyes from noah . (you granted me peace , so i had to put these emotions somewhere .)
fergie straightened his position and leapt to land in front of noah . the expert wanted to kneel , but he respected his leader too much to ignore his rules .
(my anger becomes fire .) fergie explained . (my greed makes me desired to consume the entire world . my ambition gives me control over these violent feelings and transforms them into a fiery star .)
fergie performed a bow before continuing . (this power belongs to me , but it is for you to use . i know that i don't quite fit in this mission , but i wish to accompany you anyway . let me come .)
noah didn't expect fergie to be so polite , especially after everything they had been through . however , it seemed that the mission really interested him . also , noah could guess that he had something to prove to the human organizations .
(things usually get messy in these missions .) noah said while wearing a cold smirk . (you can even be certain of that since i'll be there .)
(that's exactly what i want .) fergie replied .
(it's set then .) noah concluded . (we only have to wait for the others in the liquid stage before being ready to leave .)
both noah and fergie turned toward the battlefield . two experts had stepped forward as soon as the raging sun vanished . pure battle intent flowed out of divine demon and wilfred as the duo decided to fight .
(why do they even fight?) fergie wondered . (they are already in the liquid stage , and their battle prowess is even quite amazing . there is no need to join this test .)
(let them be .) noah said while patting fergie's shoulder . (maniacs must behave like maniacs . i bet those two want to understand who has a better foundation .)
(do you think they will be able to stop themselves once the battle becomes too serious?) fergie asked .
(not at all .) noah laughed . (actually , start warning everyone . we will definitely need to intervene .)
a chill ran down fergie's spine . he had seen wilfred and divine demon fight on multiple occasions , and the scene had always been quite spectacular . still , he didn't dare to imagine what would happen now that the two of them were opponents .





chapter 1628 - 1628 . challenges
(you know me .) divine demon announced while waving his hand . (give me a topic , and i'll surpass you . i guess you will choose physical strength .)
(no challenges .) wilfred snorted . (i know how your law works , but i want to see what form it takes when you don't have to surpass anyone .)
(i think i don't remember my true form .) divine demon laughed while spreading his arms . (i take what i need from the world to seize victories . my existence lives through challenges . i might be nothing more than an empty body without them .)
(let's find out !) wilfred shouted before throwing a punch .
a shockwave spread from the spot where his fist hit the air , and a series of deep noises resounded through the sky . the world quickly began to send energy toward divine demon , but a hole appeared in the azure array that had appeared in front of him .
the attack ran through that raw energy and flew past divine demon's shoulder . the sheer power carried by the punch managed to destroy a large chunk of his skin , but his limb remained intact , even if badly damaged .
(you want a battle of ranged attacks then !) divine demon shouted , and the azure energy began to transform as his battle intent intensified .
(no , you are better than me at that .) wilfred contradicted divine demon before he could use his dangerous law .
the azure energy suddenly lost its power . wilfred had declared his inferiority before divine demon could make anything out of that silent challenge . his law didn't create anything special , and the world felt unable to understand what the expert needed .
wilfred punched the air again , and another hole appeared among the azure mass of energy . divine demon saw one of his legs exploding and falling toward the ground , but he ignored the event completely .
(resilience it is !) divine demon shouted , and a tremor swept the azure (breath) , giving it a new purpose .
(you are better than me there too .) wilfred replied , and the azure energy lost its purpose again .
wilfred waved his hand , and a current slammed on the array of azure (breath) to disperse it . the remaining power contained in that gesture hit on divine demon and flung him away .
(i can still fight without challenges !) divine demon shouted , and azure energy began to gather around his figure .
the (breath) flowed inside his injuries and restored part of the missing chunks of skin . the energy even recreated an ethereal version of his leg to stop the bleeding .
currents began to flow around divine demon and created an array that resembled a technique . however , noah and many others could see that the expert was forcing the (breath) to take that shape . he wasn't giving it any special purpose .
- the small victories are making him stronger .
noah thought while inspecting the battle ,
- but he can't put that new power into his abilities . is this divine demon's great weakness?

divine demon gained power by overcoming challenges . his growth would match the harshness of the trials and the restrictions that he forced on himself .
yet , the lack of challenges led to a mass of power that had no purpose . divine demon had enough (breath) to defend himself and launch counterattacks , but he wasn't using it at all .
divine demon behaved like a mindless brute , but he wasn't stupid . he knew his flaws better than anyone else , and his personality had developed around that .
he had a sharp tongue capable of tricky words . divine demon could always manage to lead his opponents into challenges , but wilfred was going out of his way to avoid that . the hybrid didn't even want to win . he was only curious about divine demon's power .
on the other hand , divine demon was struggling to show his real power . his opponent was accepting losses on purpose , so he consistently failed to give a proper nature to his energy .
the world wanted to help divine demon , but it didn't know how . the cultivator couldn't use its power to create techniques without choosing a specific field .
(come on !) wilfred shouted while unleashing a flurry of punches in the air . (i have spent entire years clearing the pyramid with you . i acknowledge your power , but i don't want to see it in the shape of another challenge . show me the real you !)
the attacks pierced those currents and landed on his body . wilfred had held himself back , but his punches still managed to leave deep holes in his c .h .e .s .t .
truth be told , divine demon could express average liquid stage battle prowess even without challenges . however , wilfred was a hybrid who had improved his fighting style after seizing rewards from the pyramid .
wilfred's physical strength was also far above normal hybrids . he could surpass average liquid stage cultivators even when he held back . divine demon didn't have a chance against him without his challenges .
(this is getting boring .) wilfred eventually sighed .
(i challenge myself to defeat you in ten blows !) divine demon shouted when he saw his opponent turning to leave .
the azure energy began to flow into his body and improving his physical strength , but wilfred suddenly turned and said words that made the audience fall silent .
(i challenge you to win without challenging anyone .) wilfred said , and the azure energy lost its power again .
wilfred's challenge bypassed divine demon's self-imposed limits . the latter had finally obtained what he wanted . yet , he didn't know what to do in front of that issue .
(challenge without challenges .) divine demon mumbled as he brought his hand on his chin .
it was clear that wilfred had taken him by surprise . divine demon appeared completely confused . he didn't even pay attention to the battle anymore .
(do you think he will recover before the mission?) wilfred asked while turning toward noah .
noah ignored the expert . his eyes remained on divine demon . his instincts had begun to sense something , but he was still unable to translate them into proper feelings .
- he must have faced similar situations in the past .
noah thought .
- i guess we are about to discover how he overcame them .
(winning challenges to improve .) divine demon continued to mumble . (improving is important . victories lead to the higher ranks , and the higher ranks are everything .)
the battlefield was silent , so everyone could hear his confused words . even the underlings watching the battle from inside the domes could understand what divine demon said due to king elbass' sensors .
(victories without challenges .) divine demon continued . (definition of victory , defeating opponents , winning without challenges is a challenge !)
the world released a humming noise , and noah's eyes widened when he heard the laws screaming in pain . he had already witnessed a similar reaction . the matter did the same whenever he used shandal's ability .
- is he about to use the laws of the world?
 noah wondered , but the surprises weren't over .
the matter shattered and transformed into the usual azure energy generated by divine demon's law . however , the world wasn't giving that power willingly . divine demon's aura was ripping it away from the sky and forcing it to become part of his existence .
(i need victories .) divine demon whispered . (victories will bring challenges , and challenges will bring power .)
the azure energy gathered around divine demon , but it didn't have its usual orderly shape . it was an unstable array of power that took different forms under the influence of his aura .
noah had seen divine demon fight many times , so he could recognize some of the shapes taken by the azure energy . that (breath) transformed into many techniques that the expert had used in the past . some spots even became white and marked the arrival of the higher energy .
(give me victories !) divine demon shouted , and the energy around him shot forward .
wilfred could immediately understand that he had to go all-out . divine demon wasn't even trying to hold back .





chapter 1629 - 1629 . out of control
(victories !) divine demon shouted while raging waves of azure (breath) shot forward .
larger chunks of the world shattered and gave their energy to the currents . those attacks enlarged and transformed , becoming different techniques that divine demon had used in the past .
some of the currents became beams of higher energy that accelerated and surpassed the other techniques . other waves of power transformed into weapons and shining lights .
part of that energy even entered divine demon's body . it healed his injuries and enhanced his physical strength . his muscles bulged , and his size increased by a whole meter . his nails stretched and turned into tiny knives , and his canines grew until they peeked out of his mouth .
wilfred's veins bulged . he gathered his physical strength , and the space in front of him bent .
booming noises filled the sky as divine demon's techniques clashed with an invisible force . multiple holes appeared on the array of azure and white energy . it was as if countless punches had slammed on the attacks and had stopped their charge .
divine demon shot forward and dived inside his azure energy . that power flowed inside his body and enhanced his morphed features . his fangs and nails grew , and his muscles also bulged until they inflated beyond human levels .
the azure energy began to rotate and transform into a whirlpool that stretched forward . wilfred could see a monstrous figure at the center of those raging waters . divine demon wanted to have a physical contest !
(i don't know what happened to you .) wilfred sighed while bending his knees and crouching on the air , (but there aren't many creatures in the immortal lands that could face me at this distance .)
divine demon appeared unable to hear those words . he continued to shoot forward , and the azure energy never stopped following him .
wilfred leapt forward right before divine demon could stretch his claws toward him . the two experts clashed mid-air , and the power generated by the impact made the azure energy shoot in every direction .
noah and the few experts in the duo's range had to deploy evasive maneuvers to dodge the threatening azure energy . that power still carried divine demon's aura even after the impact .
- incredible .
noah thought when he turned to look at the battle .
wilfred had managed to stop divine demon's charge , but he found himself unable to push the cultivator back . divine demon was holding his ground , and his claws had also stabbed the hybrid's shoulders .
divine demon opened his mouth and bit on wilfred's shoulder . his teeth managed to pierce that tough skin and rip away a large chunk of his flesh .
the azure energy that had shot in the distance flew back . divine demon's aura forced the world to provide more power that fused with his techniques and began to assault wilfred .
beams of higher energy , dense currents , flashes of azure light , and weapons of various sizes landed on wilfred's body and riddled it with injuries . the hybrid spat blood , but he didn't move . he continued to keep divine demon's waist in his arms .
wilfred's embrace tightened . his attack threatened to make divine demon's insides explode , but azure energy would constantly flow inside his body and reinforce his organs .
meanwhile , divine demon continued to scratch , bite , and use his azure energy to attack his opponent . wilfred's body soon became a mess of torn flesh and blood . noah almost couldn't believe that such a strong hybrid had suffered so many injuries in such a short time .
noah glanced at king elbass , and the expert nodded . a series of inscribed items began to surround the cultivator , and a dark matter started to fill the battlefield .
it was clear that divine demon wasn't in control of his actions . something had happened when wilfred had pushed the limits of his law . that battle wasn't about the mission on the other side of the immortal lands anymore .
wilfred was holding part of his power back since divine demon was an ally and a friend , but the situation would eventually force him to use lethal force .
noah couldn't allow that . they had to stop divine demon before he killed someone or forced his allies to put an end to his life .
king elbass shot higher in the sky while his hands moved at an unbelievable speed . golden lines appeared in the air wherever his fingers passed , and a large formation slowly took form .
the various inscribed items deployed previously moved to the edges of the battlefield and acted as cores for the formation . the golden lines fused with their structure and drained their power to expand faster .
the unstable substance flowed inside noah's black vessels as he shot toward divine demon . snore , duanlong , and night flew out of his figure and dispersed in the sky as the dark world spread through the entire battlefield .
divine demon noticed those new threats , but everything suddenly stopped moving . his body didn't even answer his commands anymore . something powerful was restraining him , but he couldn't understand the source of that technique .
noah arrived on him in an instant . his hand closed on divine demon's throat , and snore entangled its body on his figure . the two then dragged the expert higher on the sky and made him touch the golden lines .
shandal's ability ran out at that point , and divine demon turned his attention on noah . the cultivator waved his claws toward him , and his azure energy also flew upward to join the fight . yet , duanlong and wilfred interfered .
duanlong used its innate ability to absorb a large part of that power , but it couldn't affect the higher energy . even the azure flashes were too fast for its suction force .
wilfred took care of the attacks that escaped duanlong's ability . his injuries didn't slow him down in the slightest . his punches flashed , and the attacks exploded before they could reach noah .
trails of energy still tried to converge toward divine demon , but massive fissures opened on those currents before they could obtain any purpose . night was managing the parts of the battlefield that the others couldn't reach .
snore bit on divine demon's upper body and endured the damage created by his claws . his hands could rip its flesh apart , but the blood companion was too big and resilient to care .
king elbass completed his formation and pointed his hands toward divine demon . the inscribed items began to fly in a circle around the expert , and the golden lines attached to their structure quickly enveloped him in a shining cocoon .
the golden lines didn't touch noah at all . they were ethereal shapes that took a physical form only when they landed on divine demon's body . even snore appeared immune to their power .
divine demon struggled to no end , but he couldn't do much without his azure energy . the cocoon closed on his figure and sealed him in a golden prison .
(did you unlock some hidden potential? !) king elbass shouted from high in the sky .
(he is probably unaware of this technique .) noah sighed while turning to help with the azure energy that still tried to converge on divine demon's position . (it seems that he can call upon everything generated through his law .)
(he did beat elbas in a contest of inscriptions some time ago .) wilfred commented , and the trio quickly turned toward the cocoon .
a small azure dot had appeared on those golden lines . that spot enlarged and covered half of the cocoon in no time . cracks even opened in those tainted areas .





chapter 1630 - 1630 . fast
(elbas , it's time to surpass divine demon !) noah shouted while using the workshop to create multiple rank 8 creatures that reinforced the cocoon .
(i have never been inferior !) king elbass snorted , but his hands began to move at an unbelievable speed to create more inscriptions .
(what should i do?) wilfred asked while nearing noah .
the hybrid didn't know much about inscriptions . his power didn't even allow him to restrain his opponents . wilfred was only a slightly sophisticated brute who carried a lot of energy .
(keep his energy away from his body .) noah ordered . (we can't let divine demon give it a purpose . his body is too troublesome already .)
wilfred shot downward , and noah's companions followed him . they would help the hybrid containing the world's energy while noah and king elbass took care of restraining divine demon .
(don't hold back .) noah said while the demonic sword and the black roots appeared in his hands .
dark matter flowed out of his figure and gave birth to a draconic armor . the sword-shaped roots and the demonic sword multiplied as the six-armed dragon took form .
noah didn't dare to underestimate divine demon . the expert was in the liquid stage , and his law was extremely troublesome . he couldn't let him have a chance to gain the upper hand .
the cracks on the cocoon spread as its structure turned azure . the golden color vanished as the restraints broke and revealed divine demon's shining figure .
(victories !) divine demon shouted , but noah charged ahead before his opponent could do anything with his energy .
a singularity shot out of his weapons and crashed on divine demon . the attack dug through his flesh , but it didn't manage to pierce the mass of energy that had reinforced his muscles .
noah didn't hold back , but divine demon had easily stopped his attack . the expert didn't even try to stop the slash , but the power amassed inside his body was enough to block noah's energy .
(you'd better wake up .) noah whispered while reaching divine demon . (i don't want to kill you for real .)
(victories !) divine demon shouted while ignoring noah's words .
the cultivator's hands shot to cut noah's body , but the latter let them slam on his draconic figure . the knife-shaped nails pierced his draconic armor , but they only managed to leave white marks when they slammed on his skin .
(you can be stronger than this .) noah sighed before throwing a punch .
roots covered his arm , so his fist destroyed a consistent chunk of divine demon's face when it hit him . the cultivator didn't even react to that damage . he continued to smile and reveal his hideous grin to his friends .
divine demon retracted his arms before thrusting them forward . noah saw those sharp claws reaching for his abdomen , so he cracked his leg on the expert's stomach .
a shockwave spread through the sky . divine demon shot backward , and a deep hole appeared on his c .h .e .s .t . noah's attack had been effective , but the cultivator didn't seem affected by the attack .
- he's not as fast as me .
noah concluded in his mind after the exchange .
divine demon's physical prowess was incredible , but he lacked proper techniques . even his law couldn't imitate the struggles faced by the hybrids when they created their martial arts .
noah chased after divine demon . his sword slashed the air multiple times , and a storm of singularities shot out of his figure .
the attacks tried to converge on divine demon , but a tremor swept the area and forced them to detonate . the cultivator only had to endure the shockwaves released after the explosions , so his body remained almost untouched .
divine demon raised his claws and pointed them toward noah . a massive amount of energy tried to converge toward his fingers , but wilfred and the companions managed to stop it before it could reach his body .
divine demon still tried to launch a ranged attack , but noah appeared in front of him before he could give a new purpose to his energy . the cultivator immediately deployed his evasive maneuver , but noah released a flurry of punches before his opponent could disappear .
the attack resembled wilfred's technique , but it lacked his theory . noah had done nothing more than unleashing a series of punches toward his friends , and the expert suffered a lot during the exchange .
noah was only a gaseous stage cultivator , but his body was already in the middle tier . the techniques that relied on his physical prowess could overcome any expert at the same level .
- i can suppress him as long as i'm faster !
 noah shouted inside his mind , but divine demon seemed able to understand that point .
divine demon's nails and canines retracted until they regained a human shape . then , the expert tried to punch at noah , but the latter dodged the attack with a simple movement of his head .
the shockwaves released during the attack made noah feel dizzy due to the sheer power carried by the attack . yet , noah didn't stop his assault and continued to unleash his physical might on his opponent .
noah punched divine demon's waist , c .h .e .s .t , and legs until he saw blood flowing out of those spots . noah stopped whenever he saw the injuries growing too deep , but divine demon made him continue his assault .
divine demon slowly transformed into a zombie-like creature who did nothing more than replaying his previous techniques . those abilities also carried his battle experience , so they could easily adapt to noah's fighting style .
(nuisance !) divine demon snorted as he joined his clawed hands above his c .h .e .s .t .
(i'm just me .) noah whispered , and his figure disappeared .
noah used his movement techniques whenever he saw an attack that he couldn't dodge . after all , divine demon wasn't weak . his offensive was quite threatening , even for his incredible body .
divine demon never managed to touch noah . he was too fast , and his offensive always managed to disrupt the cultivator's attacks . there was a limit to how much divine demon could do in that situation , and noah made sure to restrain those powers .
noah and king elbass weren't the only ones who decided to help to suppress divine demon . luke and fergie soon joined the battle and tried to support the group with their power .
(continue !) noah shouted , and king elbass worked even faster than before .
meanwhile , luke and fergie unleashed their best techniques to force divine demon to waste power . the massive sun and the captivating wind affected his figure and made his body lose energy .
(make him waste as much power as possible !) noah continued to shout . (it doesn't matter how you do it . i want to see him in a human shape by the end of the next exchange !)
luke and fergie continued their assault , and noah didn't fall behind on that field . slashes , punches , kicks , and bites shot forward and suppressed divine demon whenever he tried to launch an attack .
king elbass eventually finished improving his formation . new golden lines fell on the expert's figure and covered his body before enveloping him in a cocoon again .
the technique didn't stop there . it expanded until it covered the nearby area with a golden radiance that blocked the influence of the experts stuck inside it .
the azure energy that wilfred and noah's companions were fighting stopped converging toward divine demon . the world couldn't hear his call anymore . it could finally return to its usual endeavors .





chapter 1631 - 1631 . strange
king elbass had finally managed to isolate divine demons' existence . his body couldn't feed on the world's energy anymore , so the expert slowly lost power as he remained inside the golden prison .
fergie , luke , wilfred , and noah's companions focused on taking care of the azure energy that still lingered in the area . they didn't know how divine demon would react to that prison , so they wanted to disperse his source of power before it was too late .
instead , noah and king elbass remained near the golden cocoon . they trusted divine demon too much to believe that those restraints could hold him . the cultivator would break free of the prison sooner or later , and they had to be there to stop him .
minutes of silence disrupted only by the exchanges of the other experts passed while divine demon remained inside the golden prison . noah and king elbass never moved their eyes from that structure , and their hands shot whenever they saw an azure spot appearing among that blinding radiance .
noah neared every azure spot and touched them with his right hand to send black roots . he instructed the parasite to eat divine demon's energy , and king elbass helped in the process by making the prison immune to the magical plant .
the roots seeped inside the golden prison and destroyed every trace of divine demon's energy . noah had to make the parasite feed on far more power to make it suitable for the task , but the magical plant ended up performing better than he expected .
the demonic form had evolved alongside his existence . the parasite fed on his energy , so his growth would improve the quality of its meals .
the parasite's corrosive aura also benefitted from noah's ambition . the roots could damage liquid stage tissues if he desired , and the battle against divine demon required those features .
king elbass and noah continued to restrain divine demon , but their efforts didn't seem to lead anywhere . they could sense the expert struggling inside the prison , which confirmed that his mental instability was still in control of his body .
their struggles intensified after their companions took care of all the azure energy in the area . divine demon only had the power contained inside his body at that point , but he never stopped unleashing his physical might to break free .
(how can a rank 8 existence be so unstable?) king elbass wondered while adding inscriptions to the golden prison .
(our flaws only intensify as we reach higher stages of the cultivation journey .) noah sighed while continuing to send black roots inside the golden prison .
the parasite didn't feed on the golden power , but its roots continued to shatter whenever they met the human figure restrained inside it . they always managed to absorb part of divine demon's energy , but they eventually fell apart after a few seconds .
divine demon was still wary of external threats even from inside the prison . his confused state didn't affect his experience as a warrior .
the blue spots eventually stopped appearing on the golden prison , but noah and king elbass didn't dare to relax . they could sense that divine demon had yet to regain his clarity , so they remained outside of the inscriptions to act as the first line of defense .
wilfred , fergie , and luke quickly flew behind them . snore , night , and duanlong did the same , but they waited for noah's orders . they didn't attack nor activate their innate abilities in front of such a threat .
tense minutes went by until a deafening silence filled the area . no sound came out of the golden prison , and even divine demon's aura stopped trying to surpass those restrictions .
(did we win?) wilfred asked , but noah limited himself to shake his head .
divine demon was too strong to lose due to those poor techniques . the expert had used trump cards and secret abilities in the past . noah could only hope that he didn't deploy them .
his hopes quickly shattered since an explosion resounded from inside the golden prison . a tremor ran through the various inscriptions and bent their shape , but nothing came out of them .
a second tremor then spread through the golden halo , but noah ignored that event too . he had king elbass by his side , so he would always understand whenever a formation was to fail his expectations .
the third tremor made the golden prison fall apart . shards made of golden light fell toward the ground as those restraints crumbled . king elbass wore a surprised expression at that scene , but his curiosity soon took the place of his arrogance .
noah tightened his grip on the demonic sword and the sword-shaped roots . he was ready for divine demon's return , and he wouldn't hold anything back against the expert .
wilfred , luke , fergie , and the companions did the same , but they remained behind noah . they trusted him enough to have the first attack of the assault , especially since he had higher chances of sparing divine demon's life .
the cocoon of light soon broke . an azure crack spread through the remaining golden light and opened a passage that led to the insides of the prison . a figure soon came out of that tunnel , and the experts eventually became able to witness divine demon in all his might .
the world didn't give divine demon any energy , but azure light came out of his body and gave birth to the same amount of power that he usually gathered from the world .
his monstrous features had vanished . his nails and canines had retracted , and he had also shortened . the expert had returned the divine demon that they had always known , but his gaze expressed pure coldness .
(you are far from being back , right?) noah asked while tilting his blades toward wilfred .
(i'm always myself .) divine demon replied , but his voice was strange .
divine demon wasn't speaking normally . his tone morphed and gained different features throughout his lines . no one could understand where those different voices came from .
(don't worry .) noah replied while keeping his swords pointed toward divine demon . (i won't trust you so easily .)
(you would be right .) divine demon announced , and the world in their eyes changed .
(i've never seen something like this .) noah commented at that sight .
everything in the experts' vision transformed . azure lights filled the sky and morphed to take the shape of different techniques . divine demon's aura had filled the region in an instant , and his power had given birth to countless small azure spheres that floated throughout the battlefield .
(i seek victories .) divine demon announced in his strange voice .
the lumps of azure light began to gain a purpose , and noah's team tried to suppress them . however , those attacks detonated before divine demon's opponents could do anything about it .
a wave of energy forced noah , king elbass , wilfred , luke , and fergie to slam on the ground . the two hybrids were mostly fine , and even fergie managed to remain at his peak .
the same didn't apply to luke and king elbass . luke suffered severe injuries , while king elbass ended up with his back on the ground as he experienced the terror generated by his opponent .
divine demon remained high in the sky . his hand rose and gathered azure energy that created an array of azure spheres that gained different natures . those attacks transformed into multiple abilities as they locked on the various opponents .
noah prepared for the imminent clash , but a shadow suddenly appeared behind divine demon . a massive pig slammed on the expert's back and flung him far beyond the edges of the region .





chapter 1632 - 1632 . teachings
the leader of the foolery gave voice to a proud squeal . its aura spread through the region and announced to the audience its new power .
the magical beast had succeeded in the breakthrough to the middle tier while the experts were busy with the tournament . its power was quite breathtaking , and even noah had to admit that it went far beyond specimens at the same level .
(i won't remain behind !) the foolery shouted while the battlefield was silent .
noah and the others remained speechless at that announcement . they had never considered bringing a magical beast in the mission , but the foolery seemed to have a different idea about the matter .
still , the situation didn't allow them to linger on that issue . the foolery had flung divine demon away , but the world was still giving him energy . that alone explained that the expert had yet to regain complete control of his mind .
(elbas , give me a reason not to kill him !) noah shouted while dispersing his draconic armor and making his ambition flow into his companions .
(i have something that might work .) king elbass said . (i'm not completely in control of this technique , but it should be perfect for divine demon .)
(perfect !) noah shouted again . (we aim to kill him if elbas' technique fails . prepare yourselves to say goodbye to your friend .)
wilfred , luke , fergie , and the foolery wore stern expressions at that order . they knew that noah was right , but they still had to muster their determination .
it was hard to kill a friend who had been with them for millennia , especially when he wasn't guilty of any major crime . divine demon had only gone berserk , but that alone was a threat that the whole legion couldn't underestimate .
a figure soon appeared in the distance . divine demon had regained his monstrous shape , and a massive wave of azure energy was rotating behind him .
the pressure generated by his figure was immense . noah and the others almost struggled to keep their consciousness unfolded . divine demon's aura was so intense that their mental waves shattered whenever they entered his range .
(what's the plan?) luke asked while joining his fingers to create a dense rotating sphere between his palms .
(launch your best attacks .) noah ordered . (divine demon will survive , but we must weaken him enough to give elbas a chance . don't even try to hold back .)
(a true expert never holds back !) the foolery shouted .
noah glanced toward the magical beast before focusing on divine demon again . he had felt the urge to have a proper conversation with the creature , but that wasn't the right situation .
divine demon ignored that conversation . the faint awareness that he had regained during the previous exchanges had vanished after he became able to affect the world again .
the expert couldn't even speak proper words . he only let out grunts and growls as if he were a hungry beast .
noah was the first to attack . his demonic sword and sword-shaped roots touched his forehead , and sharpness spread through his consciousness .
snore unleashed the full power of its feathers , and duanlong opened its mouth to prepare for the azure energy . night followed the snake's attack and fused with the world to exploit the moment of weakness generated by their explosions .
wilfred closed his eyes before joining his palms . power built around him before dispersing all of a sudden . the space in front of him bent , and an invisible attack shot forward .
luke launched his rotating sphere , which expanded until it transformed into a storm that converged toward divine demon . part of his influence removed the expert's aura from the azure energy and made it disperse into the world .
fergie created a small version of his sun and threw it forward . the fiery sphere released massive flares far bigger than its actual structure , but the attack didn't lose power while flying toward divine demon .
the foolery almost teleported at the edges of the churning azure energy and began to eat . the creature devoured anything that carried divine demon's aura at an unbelievable speed . it didn't even seem to care about the destructive power contained in that substance .
the attacks converged toward divine demon and gave birth to a massive explosion . multiple techniques detonated on the expert and destroyed the azure energy acc .u .mulated through his law .
the whiteness of the sky vanished for a few seconds as those attacks discharged their might . the various powers in those techniques could suppress that light and fill the area with a multicolored radiance .
the aftermath of the explosions eventually vanished . the grey smoke that had filled the horizon dispersed and revealed the outcome of the exchange .
the azure aura had vanished , and divine demon's body was on the ground . countless injuries covered his skin . any expert would die after suffering so many wounds .
however , the world couldn't let divine demon die . cracks opened through the sky and revealed black spaces among their edges as their energy transformed into azure power .
the energy flew toward divine demon and flowed inside his body . his injuries quickly healed , and his aura soon began to fill the region again .
- how can we even defeat something like this?
 noah wondered in his mind .
divine demon's power made no sense . the expert could do everything since he had the backing of the whole world . he seemed almost unbeatable by existences at the same level .
noah glanced toward king elbass and found that the cultivator had long since stopped waving his hands . the expert had his eyes closed and his arms lowered . his consciousness didn't even inspect the battlefield .
noah could recognize when someone was gathering his power to unleash a trump card . king elbass wasn't even the type to retreat , so noah could feel at ease .
his instincts had also started to feel something unusual . king elbass wasn't using his usual power . he was relying on something entirely different , and noah couldn't help but feel curious about that .
divine demon slowly rose in the sky again , but king elbass suddenly opened his eyes . his hands remained still , but a strange aura came out of his figure and began to affect the world .
the aura locked on divine demon before giving the world a purpose . the air then generated dark-blue inscriptions that gave birth to multiple formations . those techniques flew toward divine demon and began to devour his aura .
the azure energy that had started to gather around divine demon shattered when the formations converged on his position . his aura also stopped spreading through the world and began to flow back into his figure .
king elbass had created the perfect counter to divine demon's law . his new formations could remove the expert's aura from the (breath) and force it to retreat . they even affected the energy inside his body .
a golden halo started to shine from the dark-blue formations once they neared divine demon's body . their power increased even if they didn't draw energy from the world . they seemed attracted by divine demon's law .
(we will have to free him as soon as he regains consciousness .) king elbass explained . (these formations are too curious to stop . they will suck him dry if we don't break them .)
(i see that you followed my teachings !) noah shouted when he noticed that king elbass was using a power suitable for the path toward the ninth rank .
(shut up .) king elbass snorted before nearing divine demon .
the expert couldn't do anything against those formations . king elbass had created a trump card that could counter his very existence . the expert ended up entangled in those dark-blue lines in no time .
****
author's notes: i'll take a break tomorrow , so don't wait for chapters . i'll make a deal with the old gods to restore my sleeping schedule . they might be able to help . i'll go buy the sheep for the ritual now .





chapter 1633 - 1633 . sadness
divine demon struggled , but his existence seemed useless against the dark-blue lines . king elbass' inscriptions fed on his law and grew stronger as they restrained his powers .
divine demon couldn't contact the world anymore . the energy inside his body even stopped transforming his figure . the battle was over , but his mental instability continued to have control of his mind .
noah and the others neared the expert . fergie and luke remained behind out of fear for an eventual outburst of energy , but they continued to hover above the battlefield .
(i won't remain behind !) the foolery shouted as soon as it reached noah .
(we'll talk about this later .) noah sighed before moving his focus on divine demon .
(vict- !) divine demon wanted to shout , but the dark-blue lines covered his mouth and began to affect his insides .
his power fell as the inscriptions fed on his law . king elbass' technique was scary . it resembled a parasite that existed only to suppress and devour divine demon's existence .
(you are one scary fella .) wilfred commented while patting king elbass' shoulder .
(these are simple restraining measures created specifically for him .) king elbass explained . (it would normally take me far longer to make this technique , but divine demon has inspired this new power , so i could build something quickly .)
(yes , yes .) wilfred nodded and continued to pat king elbass' shoulder , but he didn't even bother to hear the explanation .
(that's obvious .) the foolery said while imitating wilfred .
the magical beast nodded and tried to put its short leg on king elbass' other shoulder , but the latter shot a chilling glance toward the creature to stop it .
noah ignored that idiotic scene and inspected divine demon . the expert slowly regained his clarity as the energy of the world left his existence . it seemed that his mental instability depended on that power .
muffled noises came out of divine demon's mouth while the expert continued to struggle . still , his efforts to break free of those restraints lost intensity as his mental instability vanished .
the experts watched as divine demon's craziness left his eyes . the cultivator began to inspect his surroundings while wearing a confused expression . he appeared unable to remember how he had ended up there .
king elbass and noah exchanged a glance before the cultivator waved his hand . the dark-blue lines that covered divine demon's mouth dispersed , so the expert could finally talk again .
(did i win?) divine demon asked in a plain tone .
wilfred felt the urge to punch him , but he restrained himself since divine demon was too weak to endure his attacks now .
(you lost control and tried to kill everyone .) noah explained .
(i do that at times .) divine demon laughed . (i'm still trying to find a way to control that power .)
(did you live for millennia with that instability in your power?) king elbass asked .
king elbass felt shocked . he didn't expect divine demon to be aware of that power . it was even more surprising that the expert did nothing about it during his cultivation journey .
(what can i even do?) divine demon snorted . (power is power . it doesn't matter if i can't control it . i might forget a lot of things , but my creations mark my existence . they become part of me , and they come out during these outbursts .)
- i see .
noah thought after the explanation .
- he can't possibly control something like that . that's the necessary flaw of the technique .
divine demon could theoretically gain access to all the techniques created throughout his life . that alone was enough to explain how powerful the ability could be .
(can you remove these things now?) divine demon asked . (unless you want to challenge me to do it .)
king elbass quickly removed the inscriptions . he didn't want to hear the word (challenge) anymore .
(we have the final team then .) noah explained after everyone gathered around him . (i guess you really want to come along .)
noah turned toward the foolery , and the latter nodded without showing any hesitation . the middle tier pig had already made his mind .
(i can feel that something great will happen !) the foolery shouted . (i want to evolve !)
noah studied the creature with his mental waves . the foolery had been under the influence of his ambition for millennia already . it wouldn't be a surprise if its existence evolved into something more than a magical beast .
- that might be interesting to watch .
noah thought before inspecting the experts that had to join the mission .
luke , fergie , the foolery , divine demon , wilfred , and king elbass were waiting for his directives . they had yet to decide when to depart . they even had to warn the forces of the human domain about their mindset .
(the human organizations won't leave right away .) noah explained . (we can ask for a few decades to prepare . we might even stretch that period to a century since they want our power .)
noah could always recognize when he had the upper hand in a situation . the human forces had to be quite desperate to ask for his help , which meant that he could act as he wished .
(elbas and luke will take care of buying us time .) noah concluded . (the rest of us will immediately go in seclusion and handle our stuff . say goodbye to friends and lovers . this mission might last for entire millennia .)
those words were mostly for himself . noah knew that he had to talk with june . the couple had to separate again , but that event was inevitable due to their difference in power .
noah didn't waste more time in pointless words . the experts separated and went toward their training areas to prepare for the imminent mission .
the excitement generated by the tournament soon dispersed . the various underlings resumed their usual routines , and many benefitted from the powers displayed during the battles .
those who had managed to become part of the mission were monsters among existences . they were far stronger than normal experts , and their battle prowess also made no sense at times .
all of them could express liquid stage battle prowess , even if some were still in the gaseous stage . the various underlings obviously wanted to achieve the same with their power , and only a firm foundation could lead to those heights .
noah found a familiar figure waiting for him inside his training area . june sat at the center of the blue plain that noah had claimed for himself , and battle intent flowed out of her body .
(do you want to attack me already?) noah asked while wearing a smirk .
(that would be pointless .) june sighed before calming down . (you are improving quickly . i can only be happy for you .)
noah inspected his lover , and a tinge of sadness appeared in his mind . june was about to approach the breakthrough to the eighth rank , but she was still too weak .
part of noah had already considered the worst possible outcome . there was a chance that june would never catch up with his power , and that difference could only lead to a separation .
noah didn't want that , but he couldn't deny that possibility either . he would continue to shoot higher in the sky , so june might lose sight of him at some point .
(i think i'll also leave once your mission starts .) june revealed while glancing at the sky .
(you can't come with us .) noah sighed . (the whole mission might even be a trap . you will only slow us down .)
noah didn't hold his words back , but june didn't mind that . they had always spoken the truth to each other , and that wasn't the time to start lying .
(i didn't mean that .) june shook her head . (the legion and your organization need more lands , but the human forces will soon start expanding again . i will fight them . i want to live the millennia without you on a battlefield .)
****
author's notes: do you know the feeling when you turn your alarm off , close your eyes , and discover time travel? well , the chapters will come out in a few hours . sorry for the delay .





chapter 1634 - 1634 . tests
noah and june didn't let the sadness that lingered in the area make them waste the few years they had before the mission . they cultivated and remained together without ever leaving each other's side .
king elbass and luke contacted the forces of the human domain , and they settled for a period of one hundred years to prepare for the mission . all the experts had to polish their techniques and plan life-saving abilities in case something went wrong .
a lot could go wrong in a mission like that . everything could even be a trap set by heaven and earth . noah and the others weren't even sure whether the human organizations would turn on them .
other worries also lingered in their minds . there was a chance that the human organizations and heaven and earth had been honest about the whole matter . the troubles on the other side of the immortal lands could be far more threatening than anyone expected .
noah couldn't develop life-changing abilities in that short time . his companions had already reached a perfect form , his sword-arts were incredible , and his centers of power were nowhere near breakthroughs .
still , noah could focus on an ability that had been in his mind since the battle between great builder and radiant eyes .
the corrosive aura radiated by the parasite was incredible and could become stronger depending on how many nutrients it absorbed . yet , it had a short range , and noah could only use it to support his regular slashes .
that was almost a waste of the parasite's power . the demonic form was a living being that could rival powerful existences on its own . having it as a mere enhancer of his attacks didn't express its true might .
radiant eyes' scarlet aura had inspired noah . the demonic form already had toxic properties due to the fusion with another spell , so it could theoretically act as a ranged attack if handled properly .
the parasite's nature was the main issue in that procedure . the magical plant didn't want to cooperate with noah . it only wanted his energy .
noah's words couldn't reach the magical plant . the parasite ignored them while continuing to feed on his energy .
- you handle this idiot before i rip it out of my c .h .e .s .t .
noah sighed through his mental connection .
snore , the demonic sword , duanlong , and night handled that part of the procedure . they were similar to the demonic form in terms of existence , so they managed to make it understand what noah wanted to do after a few days .
the next step was trickier . noah wanted to take control of the corrosive aura , fuse it with his ambition , and use it as a ranged attack . however , that power had no owners . even the parasite couldn't suppress it .
that discovery forced noah to change his approach . he couldn't transform the corrosive aura into one of his techniques , but he could give it to the parasite .
the procedure changed after that decision . noah went from trying to suppress the corrosive aura to enhancing it . he had to improve the magical plant to obtain his new technique , but that growth had to happen inside specific limits .
noah wanted the parasite to evolve , but only if it reached a specific state . he wouldn't accept random mutations , especially when it came to a creature that could hurt him .
the black hole took care of that part of the procedure . the organ activated the workshop and tinkered with dense currents of noah's ambition .
noah's law was the perfect material for the process . it naturally forced evolutions , and the workshop could push that power toward specific fields .
of course , noah had to perform countless tests . he could see if his ambition expressed the intended power only after the materials evolved .
noah had to cut away roots and test his new ambitions on them . it was easy to keep those materials alive inside the dark world , so he could study the effects of the corrosive aura once they evolved .
the roots didn't change after the dense ambition seeped inside their fabric and forced them to evolve . only the corrosive aura carried the changes that happened during the transformation .
the corrosive aura would intensify and obtain different natures depending on the type of ambition used on the roots . that power often became unstable , and it rarely met noah's requirements even when it reached a decent form .
noah had to waste entire decades to find the ambition that could produce the intended effects . his tests stopped when he managed to transform the corrosive aura into a dense black substance that seemed attracted by every living being .
- now the annoying part .
noah sighed once he completed those steps .
the last phase of the procedure would put him in danger . noah was about to improve the demonic form while it was inside his body . the evolution would require a lot of energy , and the parasite would take it from his tissues .
noah didn't let the procedure scary him . he had done worse in his life . he still recalled the time when he had to cut his arms to create blades .
the workshop created a large amount of the special ambition obtained after the many tests . that energy then flowed inside his c .h .e .s .t and fused with the parasite's core .
the magical plant grew restless when noah's ambition forced it to evolve . its roots spread inside his body and began to drain tissues , muscles , and organs to obtain the energy required in the transformation .
a sense of weakness filled noah's mind , but he discarded that feeling . his body contained enough energy to sustain the evolution . he wasn't scared of the parasite's hunger .
the magical plant improved as the evolution took place . the parasite was in the lower tier like the other companions , but its power increased during the transformation .
noah's body was far above the standards of the middle tier . his physical prowess could match some of the weaker upper tier magical beasts . a magical plant in the gaseous stage saw the primary energy inside his tissues as the best nutrient in the entire world .
the black hole helped in the process by shattering part of its dark matter and create more primary energy . the parasite had an endless flow of nutrients at that point , so its growth met no obstructions .
the parasite slowly reached the middle tier as its corrosive aura transformed . a black substance began to cover its roots , and its overall shape grew . it began to fill more of noah's c .h .e .s .t , but he didn't feel its weight .
the magical plant eventually stopped requiring that massive amount of energy . its form stabilized , and its hunger also decreased . noah felt surprised by its new requirements , but he decided to ignore that matter .
noah could only be happy that the parasite required so much energy . that was a clear sign that its power was incredible .
- i finally have a new weapon .
noah sighed in his mind after the procedure ended , but a familiar aura suddenly appeared near his training area .
(noah .) king elbass whispered through his mental waves , (it's time . everyone is ready .)
noah turned toward june . his lover smiled as battle intent built inside her figure . his departure would mark the beginning of her mission . she couldn't wait to jump into the human domain and create an endless battlefield that could keep her company during their separation .
june and noah didn't need words . they exchanged a kiss and separated . noah flew toward king elbass to join the rest of the team , while june contacted the weaker troops to start the invasion .





chapter 1635 - 1635 . space hounds
noah and the others left the domes and blue lands right away . they were already late , but they didn't care about that issue . they simply couldn't wait to start the mission and explore the other side of the immortal lands .
king elbass , wilfred , divine demon , fergie , luke , noah , and the foolery left and flew across countless regions to reach their destination . they could teleport , but they didn't trust the human forces enough to go there without inspecting the environment .
noah also wanted to fly across the sky to let heaven and earth's pressure improve his mind . devouring alexander's ethereal creatures had made his mental sphere quite frail , and noah wanted to get rid of that flaw right away .
the human forces waited patiently for the experts' arrival . noah's evaluation had been on point . those organizations were quite desperate for the legion's help in the mission .
king elbass made sure that the regions didn't have any trap or sensor . the group could safely fly toward their destination and inspect the power deployed by the human organizations .
multiple families had decided to join the mission , and luke described all of them before the experts met . they had also agreed to send only three liquid stage existences each , so there were less than thirty cultivators in the area .
(i thought we said that the mission was dangerous .) one expert from the rotway family shouted when it gazed at noah's group .
- he is harold rotway .
luke explained through his mental waves .
- it's rare to see him out in the human domain since he takes care of few mines of soul stones .
harold's eyes were on the foolery . he could accept that noah brought existences in the gaseous stage , but he didn't understand how a magical beast could help .
moreover , the magical beasts were heaven and earth's enemies , while the mission required them to help those rulers . harold obviously had doubts about that creature .
(you can try to convince it to remain behind .) noah sighed . (we all tried .)
the foolery took that remark as a compliment and raised its head . the gesture left the human experts confused , but noah's group acted as if nothing unusual was happening .
(we are ready to leave then .) gloria sailbrird announced once noah's group landed on the ground .
(yes , but i'd like to say something before the mission .) noah said and claimed the experts' attention .
(i still have my doubts about this whole quest .) noah explained . (i don't trust you , and i have every reason to treat you as enemies . i wouldn't even decide to cooperate with you if the mission weren't so interesting .)
coldness seeped into his aura , and the same happened to his companions . king elbass and the others wore stern expressions as they eyed the human experts .
(we have already proved our worth .) noah continued . (the human domain couldn't stop us . the crystal city has also failed to win after resorting to petty schemes .)
the human experts began to understand where noah was going . he was giving voice to a threat meant to remind them about his power .
(we will kill all of you if this is a trap .) noah concluded . (we will remove your name from the historical records and destroy every trace of your existence . you will fail if you dare to test us .)
the atmosphere turned tense . the human experts could immediately understand that noah was serious , and a chill ran down their spine when they sensed his cold aura .
noah was still a gaseous stage expert , but it was clear that his battle prowess went far beyond that . those cultivators were theoretically stronger than him , but they felt weaker in front of his might .
a few snorts and a couple of laughs eventually resounded among the human experts . they decided to remain silent in front of that threat . accepting noah's words was the only way to make him cooperate .
(the passage to the other side is nearby .) gloria explained . (we don't know when it opened , but we are certain that heaven and earth are behind that .)
(how can you even decide to side with heaven and earth after living for so long?) wilfred complained .
(we didn't .) gloria replied . (our organizations have experts connected to that power , but we merely exploit it . we aren't so crazy to curse our lives before hitting the ninth rank .)
(what about them?) noah asked while glancing at the trio without emblems .
those three experts came from the secret organization , and luke recognized only one of them .
- the red-haired woman is althea .
luke explained through his mental waves .
- she is strong even among the liquid stage .
(heaven and earth are the very world .) althea replied while wearing a peaceful smile . the cultivation journey forces us to fight them , but it doesn't prevent us from seeking their help . they are power , and power is innocent .)
noah and the others couldn't see heaven and earth in the same way , and even some experts among the cultivators didn't agree with althea's words . they had experienced those rulers' suppression throughout their life , so they couldn't consider them innocent .
silence fell among the group after those short exchanges . the experts flew through the regions and eventually reached a deep ravine filled with white light .
the ground of the immortal lands usually had azure shades , but that whiteness matched the sky's color . it was almost obvious that heaven and earth had something to do with that structure .
(did you explore something already?) king elbass asked as a series of inscribed items came out of his space-ring .
sensors and items meant to study the ravine spread through the structure and sent data back to his mind . king elbass could instantly learn some important information , and he even confirmed the presence of heaven and earth's aura .
yet , king elbass couldn't sense anything past the edges of that massive hole . something was blocking his items . it was as if the insides of the ravine led to a different dimension .
(we didn't dare to go past its edges .) gloria explained . (i believe you can sense it too . heaven and earth want us to reach the other side quickly .)
noah glanced toward king elbass , but the expert could only shrug his shoulders . gloria had spoken the truth , but the problem remained . he couldn't understand what was waiting for them .
(it's similar to a dimensional passage .) king elbass said . (it won't lead us directly on the other side , but it will shorten our journey consistently . i can't speak about eventual threats , sadly .)
- a dimensional tunnel shouldn't have a fauna .
noah thought before landing on the edges of the ravine .
his consciousness spread , and his instincts took over his senses . noah tried to understand whether the dimensional tunnel leaked something that could clear his doubts , but nothing came out of it .
(we tried everything already .) harold snorted . (how could you discover something that we couldn't find?)
a laugh followed his comment , and a tense aura began to build between the experts from the rotway family and noah's group .
(divine demon .) noah suddenly said without moving his eyes from the white depths of the ravine , (i bet you can't tell me whether magical beasts live inside this tunnel .)
(everyone knows that my divinatory techniques stand at the peak of the higher plane .) divine demon shouted before closing his eyes .
the world began to send energy toward his mind , and an ethereal cloud soon appeared around his head . an azure light also seeped out of divine demon's closed eyes and illuminated the area .
(a species capable of moving through dimension is currently in control of the dimensional tunnel .) divine demon revealed in an ancient voice . (the species' name is space hounds . they might also have a rank 9 specimen among them .)





chapter 1636 - 1636 . exploration
the group from the human forces didn't believe divine demon's claims . they couldn't trust a rank 8 cultivator when it came to that inspection . their best inscription masters had tried and failed in studying the dimensional tunnel . in their minds , an expert couldn't reach better conclusions in such a short amount of time .
on the other hand , noah and the others wore stern expressions . they knew how powerful divine demon could be , especially when challenged . they immediately covered themselves in defensive techniques and inscriptions since he had confirmed the presence of an enemy pack inside the dimensional tunnel .
that serious reaction made some of the experts from the human organization wonder whether that scene was an act . they could guess that noah and the others wanted to give the legion some credit , but they didn't believe that their companions would go to such lengths to prove it .
after all , noah's team didn't need to brag . their fame had already spread through the whole higher plane . defeating the crystal city on multiple occasions had been enough to turn them into the most famous experts in the immortal lands .
the human organizations had also learnt about radiant eyes' defeat . they didn't know the details behind that feat , but they were aware that noah's group had something to do with it .
having experts who had managed to take care of a rank 9 threat as their companions was incredible . some of the cultivators from the human organizations even wanted to use the mission to establish a friendly relationship with noah's organization .
the oldest forces could understand how the political environment would evolve . siding with the organization containing the higher number of monsters was the best approach in any situation .
noah was one of the few experts who didn't activate any defensive technique . wilfred and the foolery imitated him , but their actions had no connection with those events . they simply didn't need inscriptions or protections .
(we are ready when you are .) noah eventually said without moving his eyes from the ravine .
gloria , harold , and althea soon tried to push the other experts to cooperate . someone had to lead the group inside the dimensional tunnel , and noah's team had no intention to take the vanguard role .
the team from the monneay family eventually took the lead and crossed the edges of the ravine . the trio's figures disappeared once they entered that whiteness , and their auras even stopped reaching the surface .
gloria glanced at noah , but the latter only pointed at the ravine . his team would be the last to enter the dimensional tunnel . he wanted that group to think that divine demon could also sense the imminent threats .
some experts wanted to complain . noah and the others were the less trustworthy existences among them . yet , they couldn't say anything on the matter , especially since noah's force was a guest among those teams .
the experts slowly began to enter the ravine , and noah's team soon remained alone on the surface . everyone else had gone inside the dimensional tunnel , leaving only his experts on the outside world .
(we can still turn back .) noah teased his companions , who gave voice to snorts and loud complaints .
the experts had no intention to leave . they knew that they had to play along to maintain their stern scene , but the dimensional tunnel was too interesting to ignore .
the foolery quickly shot toward the whiteness , but wilfred stopped its flight . the magical beast was reckless , but the hybrid couldn't let it take all the risks on itself .
wilfred and the foolery ended up crossing the edges of the crack together . fergie and luke followed them , and the rest of the group soon imitated their companions .
noah was the last to enter the whiteness . the scenery in his vision changed as soon as he crossed those edges . his consciousness also became able to sense the difference between the two environments .
the outside world was calm but also full of life . instead , the dimensional tunnel appeared as a dead environment that couldn't offer anything .
dark rocky walls filled noah's vision . he found himself in an underground structure that resembled the lands in the lower planes . he couldn't see any white light or higher power in that terrain .
king elbass and the others experienced a similar surprise . even the experts from the human domain felt the same . the dimensional tunnel didn't seem to have anything interesting , but the existences ignored that feature due to the possible rewards on the other side of the immortal lands .
noah's senses began to send strange signals toward his mind . his mental waves could pick the traces of unique magical beasts inside that environment , but he couldn't understand where they lived .
king elbass and the other inscription masters reached similar conclusions , and they didn't hesitate to convey them to their companions . they were in a foreign environment filled with empty areas , but danger lingered in the air . a strange tension also fell among them , but they couldn't pinpoint the source of that sensation .
noah felt quite happy about that . he wanted the mission to be hard since he needed to improve faster , and only troubles could give him that .
(divine demon was right .) one of the experts in harold's team announced . (we are entering a pack's domain . some of these areas might hide spies in special spots that we have yet to recognize . we need to spread to cover more ground .)
(no spreading .) noah firmly replied . (your organizations didn't even bother to send a decent number of troops . i won't listen to your orders .)
his remark made a series of angry glances turn toward him . noah ignored the stares and abided by his role . he wanted to make it clear that his group was more important than the other experts .
it wasn't hard to find the right direction in that place . the experts only had to go down to dive deeper into the immortal lands .
the group began to descend , and the first part of their journey went smoothly . the experts even decided to take a few breaks and focus on their cultivation during that exploration .
noah didn't mind using those extra days to cultivate . his centers of power always needed improvements , and his friends had the same idea about the matter .
cultivating in that area slowed down the mission , but a careful approach was the best path in a foreign environment . the tunnel also came from heaven and earth , so noah had no reason to hurry .
the team eventually found actual traces of the fauna . the exploration of the underground structure had continued smoothly , but chunks of fur and distorted space soon appeared in their vision .
noah immediately put his expertise into use . the fur couldn't tell him much about those magical beasts , but the areas of distorted space spoke for their innate ability . they were clear clues about the magical beasts sensed by divine demon .
the dimensional tunnel barely had any flaw . the terrain inside it wasn't the product of inscriptions or similar techniques . it was actual ground that didn't contain much power . the environment was also stable and could endure the pressure radiated by the group .
however , those few spots could tell noah about the passage of creatures that could ignore the boundaries among dimensions . only that conclusion could explain why the tunnel featured those clear marks in such a stable environment .





chapter 1637 - 1637 . assault
having distorted space inside a dimensional tunnel wouldn't typically force the experts to worry about their surroundings . however , divine demon had already confirmed the species of the pack in charge of that environment , and noah knew something about those magical beasts .
the space hounds were unusual creatures . very few records kept track of their existence . noah had learnt about them inside the libraries of the sailbrird family . still , he had guessed the rest of their features through his expertise .
the areas of distorted space completed the puzzle about his idea of those magical beasts . it became clear that the space hounds could walk freely through the edges of the dimensions , and that led to a scary conclusion .
those magical beasts could already be around the group . noah had no way of confirming the presence of that threat from inside the dimensional tunnel , but he could guess that some scout had already noticed their arrival .
the space hounds weren't famous for their intelligence , but noah's worry came from the usual behavior of the magical beasts . the arrival of an external threat inside a lair would often force the entire pack to act , and that meant attracting dangerous specimens .
(prepare for battle .) noah whispered , but all the experts in the area heard him .
his words were for his companions , but some of the experts from the human organizations listened to his advice . his friends did the same , while the most arrogant cultivators decided to ignore that warning .
it was hard to believe in such a warning when the group only found pieces of fur . the distorted space didn't even classify as a clue to the hounds' presence since it could be a common sight inside dimensional tunnels .
the layers among the dimensions prevented noah from learning more about that fauna , but his instincts told him that a threat was approaching him . his dangerous sensation also intensified as the group continued to dive through the dimensional tunnel .
the demonic sword and his companions came out of the separate space on their own after the dangerous sensation reached a critical intensity . those creatures were almost sure that something was about to fall on noah , so they prepared for a fierce battle .
mocks resounded through the dimensional tunnel when the arrogant experts saw that scene . they couldn't understand why noah was so scared , but an explanation soon appeared in their vision .
the space around the group suddenly began to bend . the terrain and air in the area twisted until it gained dark features . it seemed that something had broken , but that was only the beginning of the event .
a series of tall figures slowly flew out of that distorted space . dog-like creatures with silverish fur and a series of black signs on their back came out of those spots and leapt toward the experts without bothering to launch battle cries .
noah's senses immediately screamed . most of those rank 8 magical beasts were in the lower and middle tier , but two were in the upper tier .
- this is a proper platoon !
 noah shouted in his mind at that sight .
the pack wasn't underestimating the invading team . those magical beasts had sent enough troops to wipe them away , but those creatures appeared far below the average in terms of pure battle prowess .
the ability to travel through dimensions was an incredible tool that heaven and earth had definitely punished . noah didn't believe that such unique magical beasts could keep their innate skills without having serious drawbacks in other fields .
heaven and earth usually lowered the fertility of a species to punish it , but they took drastic measures when certain innate abilities went overboard . they had done the same with the light-devouring dragons , so noah guessed that his opponents had to be inside specific standards to remain outside those rulers' radar .
the tall hounds shot forward , and their figures turned ethereal while flying across the dimensional tunnel . the experts quickly launched attacks , but their spells crossed those magical beasts and landed on the dark walls behind the distorted space .
the two upper tier specimens immediately went after the experts from the monneay family . the three cultivators were in the group's lead , so they became the target of those magical beasts .
the rest of the pack assaulted the group . small teams of lower and middle tier space hounds charged at the other experts while showing their fangs to the world .
noah studied the creatures flying toward him . he waited until those magical beasts turned material , and his blade immediately flashed at that sight .
the four magical beasts in the lower tier that had decided to attack noah quickly regained a material form , but a storm of singularities landed on their figures . their bodies almost disappeared after those attacks crossed them .
the rest of the group handled that threat quite well . the space hounds were nothing more than hungry magical beasts after their bodies returned material , so a few spells could take them down .
that didn't apply to the two upper tier specimens . they appeared able to turn specific spots of their body ethereal and dodge most of the attacks that flew in their direction .
the exchange for the experts of the monneay family turned out poorly . their opponents were quite threatening , and one of them managed to reach one of the cultivators .
the expert found the creature's teeth stabbed on her arm before she even had a chance to retreat . the cultivator had tried all her techniques to keep the space hound away , but the magical beast didn't let those abilities reach it .
the creature turned most of its body ethereal before materializing its teeth and ripping away the cultivator's arm . nothing could stop that attack . even king elbass would struggle in the task .
noah's focus returned to his friends after he witnessed the cultivator losing her arm . his demonic sword cut the air non-stop , and sharpness acc .u .mulated on his surroundings .
noah could make singularities appear whenever one of the magical beasts in the area turned material , but one of the experts from the human forces seemed to do better than him .
the cultivator had created a gravitational pull around him . the force attracted the creatures even in their ethereal form , and it seemed able to damage them in that status .
the technique ended up backfiring on the expert since a horde of magical beasts gathered around him and tried to jump on his figure at the same time . noah had to handle that issue , and his companions soon supported him .
a series of singularities that carried a dark aura opened around the expert and allowed him to ignore the imminent threats . the cultivator couldn't sense much among that destruction , but he quickly turned toward noah to nod .
the expert was expressing his gratitude , and luke didn't hesitate to describe him . the cultivator knew him as isaac from the putgan family . he wasn't famous , but he wasn't unknown either .
harold , althea , and other experts who had benefitted from noah's calculated destruction tried to exploit that event and seize a few intact corpses . the space hounds could lead to the next discoveries regarding teleports and separate dimensions , so all the group members wanted those creatures .
still , when the experts were about to contend the few intact corpses , king elbass appeared among them and stored those bodies before returning near noah .





chapter 1638 - 1638 . important
(i need them for my research .) king elbass commented before focusing on the battle again .
harold and althea could only ignore that event and resume their relentless discharge of abilities . there were too many magical beasts in the area , and they had yet to decide how to handle the two upper tier creatures . that wasn't the time to overthink petty thefts .
the battle grew harsher even if the number of specimens diminished . the space hounds had a limited fighting style , but they could adapt to the experts' abilities and become material only after making sure they were safe .
the unusual battle style of that species made most experts struggle to keep up . even noah's team didn't expect something like that . wilfred and the foolery didn't manage to do much since their abilities were predictable .
noah limited himself to spread his sharpness throughout the battlefield . he let the others fight and waited for the perfect moment when to unleash his singularities . his attacks could kill many magical beasts at the same time , so he didn't waste his efforts chasing single specimens .
his slashes were even quite effective against middle tier specimens . noah's physical prowess surpassed those creatures by leaps and bounds , so his attacks were deadly abilities capable of severing their bodies in half .
the trio from the secret organization ended up joining the experts from the monneay family against the upper tier space hounds . instead , the others took care of the rest of the horde and made sure not to suffer any significant injury during the battle .
noah eventually found a good chance when to unleash his sharpness . many space hounds had decided to attack the trio from the putgan family , but a series of singularities opened around them and killed multiple creatures .
harold tried to seize a few corpses again , but noah unfolded the dark world and took those corpses for himself . he wouldn't let others grab such peculiar magical beasts without storing many of them inside his separate space first .
(i need them for my hunger .) noah explained before resuming his role in the battle .
harold couldn't say much , but it was clear that his mood had darkened . he was fighting like everyone else , but noah's team had already stolen his loot twice .
still , complaining during the battle was pointless . noah and king elbass were even quite helpful against those creatures due to their experience and ability with formations . arguing now would only put the whole group in danger .
the trio from the saibrird family eventually joined the cultivators fighting the upper tier specimens . those nine experts were doing their best to defend themselves while waiting for openings , and their cultivation level barely allowed them to match those powerful opponents .
noah felt relieved when he noticed that his companions weren't leaving everything on his team . the experts from the other families had started to understand those magical beasts , and their battle style adapted to their abilities .
a large group of space hounds soon tried to help their leaders . they didn't want to fight gloria and the others . their purpose was to distract the cultivators enough to let the two upper tier creatures escape the relentless assault .
noah took that chance to unleash his sharpness again . waves of singularities and dark matter filled the area and saved the nine cultivators from that new threat .
strange expressions appeared on those experts after they realized what noah had done . they didn't like to feel indebted to an enemy of the human domain , but they couldn't deny that his role was crucial in the battle .
harold tried to seize some corpses again . he didn't even try to take all of them at that time , but a figure still appeared on his path and made him curse loudly .
(i don't need them .) wilfred said while waving his hand and storing those corpses . (i just want to piss you off .)
that statement left harold speechless , but wilfred retreated before the cultivator could find a proper answer . the hybrid's role was also quite crucial in the battle . he had to make sure that no space hound had the chance to attack noah and the others .
the battlefield had quickly divided the experts into two sides . part of them could invent or modify techniques to counter the space hounds' innate ability . others had to limit their efforts on defending their companions since they couldn't touch those creatures .
wilfred , the foolery , and fergie belonged to the second side . their techniques weren't flexible , so they could only focus on defending their companions .
instead , divine demon , king elbass , and luke could adapt to that threat . their abilities also allowed them to affect the space hounds in their ethereal form . they were the core part of that battle .
noah was between the two sides . he could try to affect the space hounds in their ethereal form , but he preferred to hold back and attack the magical beasts only when they turned material .
he didn't want to launch attacks that had no chance to kill those creatures to disrupt their innate ability . he preferred to unleash deadly slashes and take out of the battle as many specimens as possible .
the pack quickly shrunk as the battle continued . the cultivators didn't suffer many injuries , and they could mostly ignore the few wounds that appeared on their bodies .
only those fighting against the upper tier specimens had a harsher time remaining safe , but their condition had improved by a lot after the reinforcements arrived .
the experts could soon turn their attention on the two leaders after they took care of the pack . yet , the magical beasts decided to leave the battlefield once they understood their position .
noah and the others had taken care of tens of specimens without suffering any loss . the space hounds' intelligence was below the average , but they could understand when a battle was over .
the experts gave voice to loud curses and taunts once the two upper tier creatures opened a path through the distorted space and disappeared from the area . their departure marked the end of the battle and made all the existences relax .
most of those experts turned toward noah . they had to admit that he had been able to sense that threat before the space showed signs of distortion . his senses were too reliable to ignore .
everyone had noticed noah's behavior toward harold , but no one talked about it . even harold decided to let go of the matter to avoid pointless discussions .
the battle had shown how noah and his companions were necessary to that mission . they could even take care of important roles that only hybrids could fulfill .
moreover , king elbass was an inscription master that even liquid stage experts had to respect . those who knew about formations had seen how the cultivator had handled the space hounds , and they could only approve his approach .
noah didn't care about that acknowledgment . an obvious conclusion had appeared in his mind during the battle , and he couldn't help but worry about it .
the pack of space hounds had managed to send two upper tier specimens and an entire army of creatures in the eighth rank during the first attack .
only a powerful pack could deploy so many specimens at the same time , and that high number of rank 8 creatures hinted at the presence of an even stronger magical beast .
noah felt almost sure that the dimensional tunnel hid a rank 9 specimen , and he had no idea how to handle that issue .
****
author's notes: i'll take a break tomorrow , so don't wait for chapters . i'll make a deal with the old gods to restore my sleeping schedule . they might be able to help . i'll go buy the sheep for the ritual now .





chapter 1639 - 1639 . strategy
the group decided to rest after the battle . those experts didn't suffer many injuries , but the fight had been tiring nonetheless .
the sheer number of space hounds and their annoying power had forced noah and the others to fight for a long time to defeat the entire pack . a simple platoon had also threatened their safety , so the experts needed to reorganize and create battle plans .
the magical beasts were theoretically easy to fight , especially for a group that featured multiple experts . every species had specific flaws that existences who wielded many abilities could exploit .
the space hounds weren't an exception , but their innate ability was quite annoying to counter . only some experts had attacks that could touch those creatures once their bodies became ethereal .
the battle didn't only clear eventual doubts about the space hounds . it also made the group gain an idea of the overall strength of its members .
the cultivators from the monneay family had proven themselves worthy after keeping the two upper tier magical beasts busy , but other experts also gained a decent reputation during those exchanges .
everyone acknowledged divine demon and wilfred's power , and the same went for their weaker companions . the cultivators almost couldn't believe how noah and the others could do so well in a battle against hordes of rank 8 magical beasts .
noah's battle prowess wasn't a surprise since those cultivators had heard stories about him , and seeing him in an actual fight made them understand that he deserved that fame .
instead , the others came out as a surprise , especially when it came to king elbass . the cultivator had quickly understood the space hounds' flaws , and he had adapted his abilities to counter those creatures .
that battle prowess and noah's judgment made his group gain a decent reputation among the cultivators . the initial arrogance showed by some of those experts vanished after the fight . it was clear that noah's team could help them greatly .
(are you sure that this place holds a rank 9 specimen?) isaac putgan asked after the experts healed and gathered on the dark ground .
(i don't see how such a large pack can exist without a rank 9 leader .) noah explained .
noah's judgment had been on point before , so the cultivators began to value his opinion when it came to the fauna in the dimensional tunnel . accepting the presence of a rank 9 magical beast wasn't easy , but the situation wasn't completely hopeless .
(we might be lucky enough to avoid it .) harold said to disrupt the tension that had fallen among the group .
(weaker species usually have a tight control over their lair .) noah explained while shaking his head . (we even have to make this path twice . missing the leader is impossible .)
(what do you suggest?) althea asked while turning toward the experts of the legion . (can you repeat what you did with radiant eyes? my team will give you full support in that matter .)
(the putgan family will do the same .) isaac announced .
(the sailbrird family won't retreat if you have an actual plan .) gloria continued .
(same goes for my group .) harold added . (i only wish that your plan is solid . i like to be alive .)
the other teams followed that trend and expressed their willingness to follow the legion against the rank 9 leader , but noah and his friends could only exchange awkward smiles at that scene .
the human organizations had already left the human domain when noah and the others teleported on the pyramid . their sensors didn't even work with rank 9 existences since their power disrupted the correct functioning of those inscribed items .
most forces ignored how the legion had escaped from radiant eyes . they knew that heaven and earth had intervened at some point , but they could understand that they didn't manage to take care of that threat . noah and the others wouldn't be alive otherwise .
(we can't use the same method .) noah explained shortly . (we might need to face the rank 9 leader with our own forces .)
(which is impossible .) gloria commented .
noah glanced at king elbass , but the expert appeared distracted . his mind was elsewhere as he pondered about that issue and tried to find a solution .
(i can't create something to stop the leader .) king elbass eventually sighed . (we don't have the power to face a magical beast at that level . the task would be hard even if we were in the solid stage .)
(is that it?) fay sinnell asked . (do we retreat before the situation becomes too dangerous?)
(i don't want to give up on the mission so easily .) althea complained . (heaven and earth have issued this mission . there has to be a way to get past this problem .)
(we might need to get creative to reach the other side .) noah sighed , and the other experts soon turned toward him .
even his friends felt surprised about those words . they studied noah while wearing questioning gazes . wilfred and the others knew how amazing noah was , but the matter involved a rank 9 magical beast . he couldn't have weapons against a creature at that level .
noah took one of the dead space hounds from his separate space . harold snorted at the sight of that almost intact corpse , but he didn't give voice to complaints .
(these marks should work like the runes of the kaiser species .) noah explained while pointing at the hound's back . (a higher number of marks describes a better proficiency in the dimensional travel .)
(many of us have noticed that feature .) daisy newhall complained . (you aren't the only expert in the magical beasts' field here .)
(the power of the kaiser species comes from similar marks .) noah continued , ignoring daisy's words . (it's safe to assume that the same goes from the space hounds . these spots might be the key behind their dimensional travel , so they can also be the core to a weapon that counters that ability .)
his words immediately made king elbass widen his eyes , and the same went for the other inscription masters in the area . they had understood something that noah had yet to explain , so they quickly took out their sensors to study the marks .
(the fabric of space is quite firm here .) noah continued . (piercing it requires a lot of power , even from species that can travel through it . i wonder if we can create something to stop the space hounds before they reach our position .)
space bent before the arrival of the space hounds . those creatures left distorted areas after their passage , so their travel through dimensions wasn't completely natural .
noah wanted to exploit that feature . the marks could contain deep secrets about the laws connected to space , and the experts could turn them into weapons that made the environment even sturdier .
fighting an endless horde of rank 8 magical beasts led by a rank 9 specimen was impossible . however , preventing them from reaching their surroundings was doable , especially since space would work against them .
(we can go past that .) king elbass explained as ideas finally surged in his mind . (sealing the space around us is a good plan , but we have to take into consideration that the rank 9 leader will have nigh-endless physical strength . it might enter this dimension anyway .)
(what do you suggest?) noah asked .
(we can turn space itself into a weapon .) king elbass continued . (i can recreate the space hounds' innate ability and close the distortions at will . i believe even rank 9 specimens won't be able to enter a dimension when their power works against them .)





chapter 1640 - 1640 . weapon
noah didn't know how to turn those marks into an inscribed item that could control the space hounds' innate ability . his expertise covered different fields , and ideas on how to fuse those materials with his techniques already filled his mind .
yet , noah also had a vast experience facing threats that his cultivation level didn't allow him to overcome . he had often relied on tricks and shameless tactics to win certain battles , especially when it came to his time in the lower plane .
his idea to turn the runes into a weapon was crucial to developing a strategy to give the group a chance against the rank 9 leader . king elbass and the other inscription masters immediately began to work on those marks , but the experts didn't stop their advance .
the inscription masters required materials to create the intended weapon . most space hounds only had three to four marks , and they weren't enough to cover the needs of the tests .
noah , king elbass , and wilfred also didn't want to give up on their loot for the team's sake . they preferred to advance through the dimensional tunnel and hope in new attacks to gather more materials .
the dimensional tunnel seemed to have checkpoints . noah and the others would travel for months without meeting magical beasts , only to find a massive army waiting for them in the following areas .
noah guessed that the dimensional innate ability didn't give the space hounds complete control over that area . that power probably had limits , which would even explain how that species had decent fertility .
king elbass and the other inscription masters soon confirmed his guess . studying those marks gave them a deeper understanding of the laws concerning space . the experts could eventually find weaker spots in the fabric of the dimensional tunnel that the space hounds used for their attacks .
the inscription masters didn't hide their discoveries from the rest of the group . they passed their understanding to their companions so that all of them could learn to find where the space hounds were likely to appear .
the development of the inscribed weapons proceeded smoothly since the group always found new materials . those experts ended up having so many corpses that they started side-projects while the inscription masters handled the main aspect of the plan .
the marks interested noah . he could sense that the laws contained inside those materials would help his movement techniques , but his ideas didn't stop there .
the dark world had always been a powerful technique , but his opponents rarely gave him the chance to use it properly . noah often fought experts stronger than him , so the dark matter failed to affect their laws .
that weakness was inevitable , but the evolution of the dark matter limited those flaws . the dark world could affect liquid stage experts at its current power , but it was too frail to be important in those battles .
noah mostly used the dark world to support his other techniques , but he didn't dare to forget about it . the ability was a natural evolution of the domains , and it could still improve .
- the six elements can't be the limits of the dark world .
noah thought during one of the usual breaks .
- it can't have light due to my nature , but i should be able to add something else . i wonder if i can create a dark space after studying these marks .
noah would never waste time learning how to wield heaven and earth's laws . he preferred to copy and transform them into personal versions of the same true meanings and add them to his existence .
- maybe i can even add time to the dark world .
noah wondered .
- i already have a first version of dark time thanks to shandal's existence , but it needs far more work to become something that belongs only to me .
limits that had always afflicted his existence began to vanish as his power increased . noah was already a rank 8 expert who knew the path toward the ninth rank . his influence naturally started to flow into fields that he had never dared to affect before .
the travel resumed before the experts took another break . the group had developed a silent cooperation during that period , and tension built as they dived deeper into the dimensional tunnel .
the number of upper tier magical beasts continuously increased . every new battle featured more creatures at that level . the group was clearly about to approach the center of the pack , and they even began to expect the rank 9 leader to appear soon .
that tension forced the inscription masters to work even harder and eventually led the entire group to stop the exploration until those experts developed the weapon . they had reached the point when it was too dangerous to proceed without their trump card .
noah lost himself in his tests while king elbass and the other experts continued their project . he had to give up on part of his loot to help the team , but he kept most of those corpses for himself .
- this ability is far different from miss void's technique .
noah thought during his tests .
- it affects a different aspect of space , something that i've only destroyed in the past .
it was normal to face those difficulties , especially since noah didn't want to copy the space hounds . he only desired to understand how they affected the space before creating his version of that power .
his studies remained inconclusive since king elbass and the others eventually completed their procedure . they created a series of disposable upper tier orbs that could force the space to stabilize and reinforce the barriers among the dimensions .
king elbass even believed that the distorted areas would close on their own after the items activated , but he couldn't test that . he had spots with distorted space at hand , but he lacked enough materials to make new disposable weapons .
the group decided to resume their travel after the inscription masters succeeded in their feat . the tension didn't vanish since they still had to face a rank 9 creature , but their fears lost intensity . the experts even took fewer breaks since they didn't need to focus on their strategy anymore .
a few battles without any trace of the rank 9 leader followed their departure . the experts took that chance to gather as many corpses as possible , but they didn't have much success in that field .
the platoons of space hounds now featured almost ten upper tier specimens , and they required most of the experts to suppress them . only the few existences that avoided that battle could gather corpses , but they failed to reach a decent number most of the time .
the space hounds didn't even remain in those areas for a long time . they mostly tried to inflict some damage with their sudden attacks , but they always retreated with they saw their numbers falling .
fighting those magical beasts had almost become a habit for the experts . their studies had led them to develop battle tactics that could ignore the overwhelming difference in numbers .
everything seemed to go smoothly , even better than the first part of the journey . the space hounds' attacks also stopped being a reckless charge but turned into precise assaults meant to weaken the group .
that situation didn't last since the group eventually met what they feared .
the dimensional tunnel shook as areas of distorted space appeared around the group . the experts had reached another checkpoint , and they had predicted that outcome .
yet , something different happened during that event . the distorted space in one area expanded until it covered half of the tunnel . a silverish halo also seeped out of that twisted air and announced the arrival of something powerful .
a dense aura spread through the dimensional tunnel as the rank 9 leader peeked out of its twisted space and moved its hungry eyes on the group . drool even fell from the creature's mouth , and a deafening growl filled the area .
the terrain and rocky walls trembled as those loud growls spread through the air and reached noah's group . the experts had to recall their consciousness to resist the pressure that its voice carried .





chapter 1641 - 1641 . pressure
the sole presence of a rank 9 creature was enough to suppress every other existence in the area . noah's team could barely withstand the heavy pressure generated by the leader of the space hounds , and the creature had yet to leave the distorted space .
only the leader's head had crossed the distorted space . the rest of its body was still inside a different dimension , but its hunger could already force the experts to deploy defensive measures .
it was clear what would happen once the leader stepped on the dimensional tunnel with its entire body . noah and the others would die without having the chance to escape . the rank 9 creature was in a different realm .
of course , their strategy saw them activating the inscribed weapons before that event .
king elbass didn't hesitate to shatter the dark orb in his palm . the cultivator always wielded one of those items when space began to bend , so he was ready to activate it even during the suppression of the leader .
the orb didn't make any sound when it crumbled . its shards flew toward different areas of the dimensional tunnel and fused with the fabric of the environment to reinforce the space .
something strange happened in the areas with distorted space after the shards fused with the environment . the dimensional tunnel forced its fabric to stabilize , reverting the space hounds' effects .
the areas with distorted spaces were portals for the space hounds . those creatures could use them to fly through different dimensions , so they didn't expect them to close on their bodies before they could step on the tunnel .
the space hounds experienced the collapse of their passages . the pressure inside the areas with distorted space increased as the instabilities flowed toward their center .
the magical beasts had to use their entire physical might to resist that pressure and make a quick decision . they had to choose whether to retreat or jump into the dimensional tunnel .
the angry growls of the leader soon forced its underlings to ignore a possible retreat . the rank 9 space hound was the only specimen among the platoon that could keep its portal open with its physical might , so it could continue to give orders even in that dangerous situation .
one of the inscription masters , a member of althea's team , shattered an inscribed orb to force the space to stabilize quickly . more shards fused with the environment and fought the innate abilities of the enemy pack .
the leader gave voice to an angry roar when it felt the portal closing on its neck . the inscribed orbs didn't carry much power , but they could borrow the space's weight to fend off those creatures .
noah and the others almost fainted when the roar reached their ears . the pressure carried by that cry even forced them to disregard the defenses on their limbs to focus everything on their core organs .
the rank 9 specimen didn't need to do much to kill them . roars were enough to put an end to their life . noah felt incredibly weak in front of such a creature . he had already experienced a similar feeling , but it always managed to surprise him .
the innate inferiority felt in front of a rank 9 magical beast wasn't something that noah could ignore . his instincts were weak against creatures at that level . the dark world had to help to stabilize his mind to allow him to remain calm .
wilfred also managed to keep his cool in that situation . the hybrid already had a leader , so it was easier for him not to fall for the space hound's orders .
the foolery didn't have it as easy as its companions . the pig was nothing more than a magical beast , so the rank 9 space hound had a lot of influence on its instincts .
still , an inscription master from the rotway family suddenly shattered a third disposable orb and accelerated the stabilization of the area .
the rank 9 hound soon had to ignore noah's group to focus on its passage . its physical strength had begun to fall short against that power . it couldn't fight space when the world itself wanted it to stabilize .
heads fell on the ground as the weaker space hounds failed to defend against the closing tunnels . some of them found their bodies divided in half after they crossed their distorted space .
those underlings couldn't retreat due to their leader's orders , but the results of that decision were catastrophic . even some of the upper tier creatures died once space fell on them .
noah and the others couldn't rejoice at that scene since their senses had to remain shut to stabilize their mind . the leader had stopped focusing its cries on them , but it still filled the environment with its dangerous aura .
an inscription master from the sinnell family activated a fourth orb . the experts wouldn't hold back their inscribed weapons since that dangerous situation had yet to end .
a deafening roar filled the dimensional tunnel . the might carried by that cry made some of the experts faint and crash on the ground . even the foolery , fergie , and luke couldn't endure that pressure anymore and fell .
the innate defenses of those existences activated . their centers of power wouldn't let an external aura prey on their moment of weakness . they even deployed spells that those experts had previously prepared .
only the foolery found it difficult to remain asleep . the creature didn't have any special technique , so it had to endure the full power of the space hound's aura . the pig puked blood , but it remained alive since it didn't have a mental sphere to shatter .
the heavy aura eventually started to retreat . noah could finally find a moment to open his eyes and inspect the scene .
the other experts did the same , and the sight of the battlefield left them speechless . countless heads and maimed corpses filled the ground , and only one spot still featured distorted space .
the last spot with distorted space belonged to the leader , but the creature had already disappeared from that area . only its faint presence continued to seep out of that passage , and that was enough to suppress the experts .
king elbass turned toward one of the inscription masters and nodded . the latter quickly wielded another dark orb and shattered it to reinforce the area once more .
the last spot with distorted space finally began to close . its instabilities quickly vanished , and the leader's aura stopped reaching that part of the dimensional tunnel .
the experts fell on the ground after the pressure left their minds . even noah felt exhausted after that experience . facing a rank 9 creature had left him drained .
(did we really do it?) fay sinnell asked while turning toward the companions who were still awake .
(seems so .) gloria replied as her gaze turned toward noah .
gloria knew that a large part of the merit had to go to the inscription masters , but she respected noah for his idea . he had started that whole procedure in the end . his plan to fend off a rank 9 creature had worked perfectly .
the most surprising aspect of that matter was that noah didn't see the rank 9 existences as unbeatable beings . even creatures that stood at the peak of the cultivation journey couldn't make him run out of ideas .
(what now?) gloria eventually asked .
(we gather all the materials in the area and create more disposable orbs .) king elbass explained . (the leader will return , at least in this part of the dimensional tunnel . we need to be ready for its arrival .)





chapter 1642 - 1642 . breaks
the exploration ended up proceeding as the experts had predicted .
the group had reached the central part of the dimensional tunnel , and the rank 9 leader was in charge of that area . multiple attacks featuring that powerful creature followed their advance , and the disposable orbs were their only effective weapon .
the group had experienced warriors . those experts had lived for a long time and obtained a liquid stage battle prowess after surviving through countless trials and adventures .
however , their mission involved a rank 9 magical beast , and no training could prepare them for that threat . the deadly pressure that reached their mind whenever the leader appeared was an unbearable punishment that they could only endure . they didn't have better tactics at hand , and that reoccurring danger eventually started to affect their mental state .
the experts had to keep their eyes closed , and their senses shut whenever the leader appeared . then , they had to activate multiple disposable orbs during that suppression . moreover , they had to kill multiple rank 8 specimens to keep up with their consumption of materials .
noah felt lucky that the human organizations didn't hold back when they chose the members for that mission . their mental endurance was far above normal cultivators , and that allowed them to persist through that painful journey .
surviving the leader's pressure brought benefits to their mind , but the process left them drained . the experts soon stopped speaking to preserve their strength , but their teamwork continued to improve , which allowed them to waste even less of their power .
noah gained even more recognition during that period . his mind continued to accumulate stress , but he only limited a short time of his breaks to dispersing it .
he spent most of his time studying the black marks and improving his understanding of the laws of space used by those magical beasts . the procedure could lead to immense benefits , so his ambition didn't let him focus on his recovery .
his behavior ended up worrying his friends , but they opted to remain silent . they couldn't change noah's mindset , and they had greater problems at hand .
king elbass had multiple drugs made specifically for his existence , so he could disperse the stress far better than his companions . instead , wilfred , divine demon , and the others had to go through long periods of rest to stabilize their minds and return to a decent condition .
the foolery was faring far worse than them . the creature was only a magical beast , so it could handle mental stress better than its companions . yet , its instincts had slowly started to show signs of instability , and only noah could take care of that issue .
the pig had yet to accept noah as its leader officially , but it listened to his orders . noah forced the foolery to remain calm and in control of its instincts during that difficult part of the journey . the creature would have long since gone crazy otherwise .
the group had to spend entire months in that condition . their mental state continued to deteriorate as they kept overcoming the attacks of the rank 9 leader .
the tension among the experts intensified , but their experience allowed them to remain calm . noah , king elbass , and wilfred even refrained from teasing the other cultivators for fear of triggering their anger .
the faintest trigger could make those experts discharge the tension acc .u .mulated during those months . everyone opted to remain polite and handle eventual grudges after they crossed that difficult part of their journey .
luckily for them , the disposable orbs forced their surroundings to remain stable for a long time . they could keep the fabric of the dimensional tunnel reinforced long enough to give the experts a few weeks of rest .
the group wouldn't have survived for so long without that feature . the experts required those breaks to remain in control of their power . they would have retreated or killed each other already otherwise .
the tension that had forced the experts to go all-out to retain their sanity eventually vanished . all it took was another attack from the space hounds . the group saw large areas of the tunnel twisting , but they couldn't feel the presence of the rank 9 leader .
pure joy filled those experts at that sight . they didn't let their feelings take over their normal mental faculties , but part of them had already understood that the worst part of the travel had ended .
the experts overcame that battle and rested in silence before advancing again . the space hounds soon attacked them again , but they only felt a second wave of excitement filling their mind .
even the second attack didn't feature the rank 9 creature . the experts didn't dare to relax just yet , but they could start to hope .
the attacks from the space hounds grew weaker as the group proceeded through the tunnel . the inscription masters didn't even need to rely on the disposable orbs anymore . they could face those creatures with their own power and let their corpses accumulate in their storage items .
the group eventually decided to relax when they saw that the attacks had begun to feature less than five upper tier specimens . it seemed that only weaker platoons occupied those areas of the dimensional tunnel . they had successfully crossed the domain of the rank 9 leader .
(it's finally over !) harold shouted once the group took their usual break . (we should spend more time resting now that we are out of the leader's reach . i know that you like to act tough , but it's clear that most of us are about to collapse .)
(no resting until we are out of this damned place .) noah coldly replied . (we are inside enemy territory . it's better to take a long break once we approach the exit .)
harold wanted to complain , but he couldn't find words to do it . inspecting noah made him lose any desire to argue .
noah had never stopped studying the black marks . he was doing the same even during that break . he was sitting cross-legged on the ground while his mental waves inspected a few pieces of silver fur featuring black marks .
(you shouldn't push yourself so much .) althea complained . (the real mission is on the other side of the immortal lands . preserving our strength before reaching our destination should be mandatory .)
(i didn't survive heaven and earth's tricks by playing it safe .) noah gave another cold reply , and growls fused with his human voice . (you might trust those existences , but they are nothing more than enemies in my eyes . as such , i'll keep training .)
wilfred and the others in his team shared althea's worries . noah had grown jumpier during that part of the travel . it was clear that his mind still held on to a lot of stress .
yet , they couldn't say anything to stop noah . his stubbornness even surpassed his greatest qualities . they could only hope that the dimensional tunnel came to an end before his mind shattered .
the dimensional tunnel ended up satisfying their hopes . the group only had to face a few more battles before a white light began to shine from the distance .
the experts had done nothing more than diving through that structure , so they had never been completely certain about their direction . still , finding the white light stated that their travel had been a success . they had finally reached the other side of the dimensional tunnel !
- the other side of the immortal lands is right ahead .
noah thought while punching one of the rocky walls to create a cave .
- i wonder what can even worry heaven and earth so much . a trap would explain a lot , but the dimensional tunnel would lose its purpose at that point .
doubts filled noah's mind , but he let them be for now . the answers were finally close , but he had to recover properly before approaching them .
the experts saw noah's actions and decided to imitate him . it was finally time to take a long break .





chapter 1643 - 1643 . jokes
- the studies have already improved my movement techniques .
noah thought while inside his cave ,
- but i can't understand the core aspects of these laws . i'm still far away from approaching the transformation into a dark element .
noah was continuing his studies during his time inside the cave . he didn't care that his behavior was wasting the group's time . heaven and earth's mission would have to wait for him .
his friends were partially aware of that behavior . they knew noah enough to guess how long it would take him to recover , so they understood that he was up to something once that period expired . still , they didn't even bother to contact him and waited patiently in the last area of the dimensional tunnel .
the cultivators from the human forces eventually understood that noah was doing far more than recovering , but they decided to ignore the matter . noah's mental resilience had surprised them . some had even developed a deep respect for him .
noah left his cave after spending a few years recovering and studying the black marks . his mind had returned at its peak , but his project with the dimensional abilities didn't meet a similar success .
(i needed to spend these years in seclusion .) divine demon exclaimed after leaving his cave right after noah . (rank 9 magical beasts sure are scary !)
(indeed .) wilfred continued after leaving his cave . (it has been hard to disperse this stress . our companions must be better than us to be already here .)
(i'm the best there is !) the foolery shouted after imitating the experts .
(shut up .) divine demon whispered , but everyone in the area could hear his words . (we are trying to cover for my heir . don't ruin our act .)
(oh , sorry .) the foolery replied before turning toward the cultivators from the human forces . (i am the best , but i also needed to recover . i didn't require much , but it's better to be safe when dealing with heaven and earth . i can be as reckless as i want , but i need to be at my peak to help you all . i've delayed my time in seclusion due to my crucial role in this mission .)
the foolery's words made no sense , but those who knew the creature could understand what had happened . the pig had tried to blame that delay on itself , but its pride had eventually taken over its pretense .
(do you always behave like this?) isaac putgan asked .
(all the time .) king elbass sighed while joining the rest of the team . (you should ignore most of what they say .)
(my latest disciple is too shy .) divine demon sighed . (he will never achieve greatness if he doesn't accept the true source of his power .)
(and what would that even be?) king elbass asked .
divine demon waved a hand , snorted , and announced the answer to the group . (i'm your greatest inspiration , the true source of your power . come and kowtow to me . pay respect to this benevolent master .)
king elbass turned toward isaac and nodded . the latter could only show an awkward smile at that scene . he would take king elbass' advice and ignore divine demon and the pig . only wilfred still deserved a second chance .
(and i'm his greatest inspiration !) the foolery joined that conversation while placing one of its short legs on divine demon .
noah had his eyes on the two idiots , but he was ignoring their words . his mental waves were inspecting the foolery since something had changed inside the magical beasts after the travel .
faint red strands had begun to gather inside its head . they were nothing more than soft lumps of energy , but noah's eyes widened at that sight . that power resembled the mental waves .
- is it developing a sea of consciousness?
 noah wondered , but his thoughts soon went in another direction .
noah had seen seas of consciousness inside magical beasts during the events in the other mortal lands . those creatures were transforming into hybrids , but they still had developed human centers of power during the process .
yet , that new center of power seemed different when it came to the foolery . it resembled a complex bloodline inheritance that could work as a proper mind .
- the pig has gone through enough suffering to develop a bloodline inheritance .
noah thought .
- i can address the other unusual features to its divine state and my ambition . i wonder what will come out of this process .
the foolery's new center of power was far from complete . the creature was only accumulating strands of energy that resembled mental waves into the inferior sea of consciousness of the magical beasts .
it would take time to complete the process , but noah would be there to study it . he even guessed that he had to blame his ambition for that sudden evolution .
(can we go now?) althea asked in a pissed tone .
the cultivator didn't mind that delay , but she felt bothered by the attempt to conceal it . there was nothing wrong in asking for more time to recover , especially when they were about to approach the actual mission .
her companions limited themselves to nod before their expressions turned stern . the time for jokes was over . they were about to discover why heaven and earth had decided to summon them there .
the experts didn't bother dividing themselves into smaller teams to approach the exit . they had built some trust during the travel through the dimensional tunnel . surviving the attack of a rank 9 creature had made them believe in their good intentions .
the teams obviously had different purposes , but none of them seemed inclined to betray their new companions . some of them even sided with heaven and earth , but they wouldn't endanger the mission to fight over their belief .
the experts wielded their weapons and activated their defenses before jumping into the white light at the end of the dimensional tunnel . a familiar pressure soon landed on them , and their senses quickly allowed them to inspect their surroundings .
the group could immediately understand that they had left the dimensional tunnel . they were in the outside world , and the familiar pressure of the sky landed on their figures .
still , the scene that had unfolded in their eyes was far different from the immortal lands that they recalled .
- what happened here? !
 noah shouted in his mind as his eyes became able to inspect his surroundings .
large chunks of the azure ground floated in the sky and reflected its white radiance . a dense layer of air filled the almost empty surface , and sparse lightning bolts flew in every direction .
the lightning bolts shot from dark clouds that had gathered in the layer of air over the surface . they flew toward the floating azure chunks above them and tried to remove their laws from the world .
fissures that led to the void opened on their own . the azure ground where noah and the others were standing seemed to be the most stable aspect of that place , but chunks still rose in the air from time to time .
- are these the effects of a worldwide heaven tribulation in the immortal lands?
 noah wondered , but his instincts told him that he was wrong .
his consciousness quickly spread and began to study the laws that filled the matter . his mind quickly noticed that something was off . the true meanings in the area seemed to have different natures , even if they belonged to the same field .
the chunks of ground didn't separate due to external effects . the laws inside them were the reason behind that unusual behavior . they fought each other until that material changed nature and escaped heaven and earth's system .
the air and the other materials in the area were going through the same process . the laws inside them fought against heaven and earth's true meaning until they managed to transform their nature .
it was as if an entire world had started a rebellion against heaven and earth .





chapter 1644 - 1644 . devils
the laws were rebelling against heaven and earth's system . natural mutations happened in their true meaning before they started fighting those that didn't change .
the world transformed under that process . the ground shattered , and large chunks rose into the sky . the air gained unnatural density and acc .u .mulated under the crumbled terrain . multiple heaven tribulations also appeared , but the direction of their lightning bolts was all over the place .
(what can even cause this mess?) king elbass asked as his curiosity seeped out of his figure .
king elbass wasn't in control of that event . his law had acted on its own in front of that spectacular scene .
the other experts had similar reactions . their mental waves spread through the environment and tried to understand what had happened to the other side of the immortal lands .
(this shouldn't be possible .) althea eventually exclaimed while the experts were busy conducting their inspections . (it's too soon . our calculations had placed this event a few millennia from now .)
(you might want to explain everything quickly .) noah threatened as growls fused with his human voice .
althea seemed to struggle with that decision . she didn't want to reveal things that she had learnt through heaven and earth , but the situation didn't allow her to hold anything back .
the other teams had all turned toward her . even her two companions appeared unaware of that issue and were shooting curious glances at her .
althea bit her lower lip , but she eventually gave in to that pressure . (the immortal lands are annexing new materials from outside the sky . the lower world involved in the process is forcing the laws to rebel .)
(is that even a thing?)
(how can a lower plane affect the immortal lands?)
(are we in danger?)
the experts stormed althea with questions , but the members of noah's team remained silent . they had recently learnt about the layout of heaven and earth's domain , so they could develop some hypotheses on their own .
king elbass also appeared to be close to a conclusion . countless inscribed items had appeared around his figure and were aiding his mental waves in their inspection . the expert wanted to find the source of those mutations .
(i didn't think that could happen .) king elbass eventually exclaimed in an excited tone , (but there isn't any other explanation . simple materials shouldn't be able to transform the higher plane so thoroughly , especially when they come from weaker worlds .)
(elbas?) noah pressed the expert to explain himself .
(materials without wills can't affect laws .) king elbass explained . (they can trigger a few reactions in specific cases , but this event is affecting even the distant regions . i guess that the new world annexed by heaven and earth has developed a will in a desperate attempt to survive .)
that revelation was incredible , but noah didn't let it take control of his emotions . the event was breathtaking , but learning about it did little to improve his condition .
his eyes returned on althea . the cultivator didn't say anything after king elbass' revelation , and her expression told her companions that she had reached similar conclusions .
(the new world must have been quite big .) althea explained after breaking her silence . (it would explain why its materials are flowing into the immortal lands instead of remaining outside of the sky . as for the birth of a will , that can happen on rare occasions .)
(give me something that i can work with .) harold snorted . (i don't care about cosmology . i only know that i'm in the middle of a world that had gone crazy .)
(these are the effects of the new world's will .) althea replied . (its influence is strong enough to affect this side of the immortal lands , but it lacks order and purpose . it's only a chaotic mass of power that forces laws to mutate and escape heaven and earth's system .)
althea suddenly went silent after that revelation . something had popped into her mind , and traces of fear had appeared on her expression . that rare event could lead to something else , but she didn't dare to consider that outcome .
noah landed next to the cultivator , and his demonic sword pressed on her neck . snore , duanlong , and night had also appeared around althea and prepared for noah's orders .
the two cultivators from althea's group remained shocked about that sudden development . they didn't sense noah approaching . he had simply appeared among them .
(how dare you betray us now? !) lisa from althea's team shouted .
(the stories about you were on point .) fred from the same group added . (you are an untrustworthy demon . you have waited for the chance to turn on us since the beginning of the mission !)
the two experts could only shout since noah's blade and companions were already on althea . their attacks could force noah to act , leading to the death of their companion .
(she has yet to explain everything .) noah growled while pretending to sniff her hair . (i can smell your worries . what should we fear during this event?)
noah's claim made lisa and fred hold back their anger . the duo didn't share the same knowledge about heaven and earth , so they were also curious about the whole situation .
the group's attention turned on althea once more . tense and angry mental waves gathered around noah and tried to inspect the expert , but his companions forced those powers away .
althea was the only cultivator who seemed to know something about that chaos . he wouldn't let anyone hurt her .
crazy laughter suddenly filled the sky and made the various heaven tribulations crackle in anger . althea even shook at that noise . her great fear had come true .
noah and the others moved their attention to the source of the laughter , and their eyes widened when they noticed a dark-red figure flying through the sky .
the creature had a humanoid shape , but it was completely dark-red . it didn't have facial features , and only a large mouth occupied its head . also , a dense mass of energy flickered behind its head as if it was hair fluttering in the wind .
the creature wasn't flying on its own . it had a series of leashes bound to four reddish trails of energy that dragged it through the sky . a faint redness also spread whenever that group passed , and more mutations happened in those areas .
the sparse dark clouds unleashed lightning bolts with power in the lower tier of the eighth rank , but those attacks fused with the creature's figure without inflicting any damage .
the creature gave voice to its crazy laugh again , and a lump of dark-red energy came out of its torso before joining the other four trails . its speed increased at that point , and even more laws started to experience natural mutations .
(what's that thing?) noah asked while moving his attention back on althea .
the dark-red creature didn't seem to care about noah's group , but he couldn't classify it as a magical beast . noah couldn't even sense centers of power inside its figure . it appeared as an existence made entirely of chaotic laws .
(i've never actually seen one of them .) althea explained , (but i've learnt about their existence during my exploration of heaven and earth's knowledge .)
king elbass and the others continued their inspections without failing to listen to althea . their ears were on her , but their mental waves were on the environment .
(heaven and earth call them devils .) althea concluded . (they are existences born from chaotic laws that won't merge with the immortal lands . they are poison to this plane , and heaven and earth can't do much about them . only experts who have created their laws can hope to defeat them .)





chapter 1645 - 1645 . unique
- are they immune to heaven and earth's laws?
 noah wondered while inspecting the devil .
a lightning bolt had hit the creature , but the latter had absorbed that energy and increased its influence . the attack didn't manage to inflict any damage . it only strengthened the devil .
- i won't learn anything if i keep relying on althea .
noah sighed in his mind before stepping forward .
his companions turned to shoot surprised glances . some questions even reached noah's ears , but he ignored them .
althea wasn't a friend . she was barely an ally who could contact heaven and earth . that alone put her closer to the status of an enemy , so noah couldn't trust her .
the same went for the other experts . they were clueless about the whole situation and couldn't tell noah anything . even his friends didn't know what the devils were , so he had to take a personal approach to solve his doubts .
it was hard to discern the devil's cultivation level . noah's mental waves didn't help him in the task , so he had to rely on his instincts to gain a vague understanding of the creature's battle prowess .
his instincts placed the devil between the gaseous and liquid stage . that amount of power was perfect for noah's current battle prowess . in theory , he couldn't even come close to losing .
the group saw noah crossing the area with dense air and stepping among the floating boulders . the devil continued to ignore him , but he didn't plan to remain silent much longer .
noah waved the demonic sword , and a singularity flew toward the devil . the attack destroyed its trails of energy before crashing on its humanoid shape .
- strange .
noah thought while inspecting the damage caused by his slash .
a few dark spots had appeared inside the singularity before hitting the devil . the attack's purity had fallen while approaching that opponent .
the devil didn't even suffer much damage . the singularity had taken half of its torso away , but the event didn't seem to affect the creature , which continued to laugh and ignore noah as if nothing had happened .
- i did hold back , but the attack should have blasted its entire body away nonetheless .
noah thought without moving his eyes away from the strange creature .
a second slash shot out of the demonic sword . the singularity crashed on the devil in an instant and finished destroying its torso . the creature only had its lower body and head left , but it continued to laugh and ignore its surroundings .
- does it ignore me because i don't carry heaven and earth's scent?
 noah wondered before shooting forward until he arrived in front of the devil .
the creature wanted to continue to ignore noah , but he had appeared right in front of it . he didn't even move . he wanted to see how the devil would react once someone sealed its path ahead .
the devil eventually stopped laughing and turned toward noah . its head had continued to float above its lower body even after the singularities had destroyed the torso . it seemed that its existence didn't depend on the integrity of its figure .
noah felt a strange pressure landing on his mind . that force wasn't heavy , but it carried a peculiar aura that he couldn't completely understand .
the absorption of chaotic laws could cause a similar effect , but noah felt that it was different . that aura carried a distinct hatred that resonated with noah's feelings .
- they are born to hate heaven and earth .
noah concluded as that aura remained around him .
- still , they should only be a mass of chaotic laws . why would they even gain a human figure?

the devil required more study , and noah couldn't wait to get his hands on that creature . its existence could develop an apparent immunity toward heaven and earth's laws , and it even seemed resistant toward other types of true meanings . noah had to learn its secret .
the creature's aura began to spread past noah . all the mutations that the devil had triggered stopped affecting the matter and gathered on its figure . its torso soon reappeared after that energy converged in that spot , but the nature of its laws remained unchanged .
the devil raised its hand as soon as its body healed . a trail of dark-red energy shot forward and exploded right before hitting noah . a cloud with the same shades soon covered his figure .
noah had let the attack hit him on purpose . he couldn't understand the devil's power through exchanges alone . he had to feel what its energy could do to his existence .
the dark-red cloud sent unique energy toward his body . it didn't have much power , but it also seemed to carry an unstoppable force .
noah's existence remained firm , but a few instabilities appeared , especially on his centers of power . the aura seemed able to force part of his law to mutate , but the black hole always got rid of those tainted spots .
a wave of destruction ran through noah's aura and forced the dark-red cloud to disperse . its power transformed into higher energy and converged toward noah's nostrils , which gave the black hole a chance to inspect it .
the black hole wasn't ideal for the task , but noah didn't have much better . the primary energy passed through its waves of dark matter and revealed everything to the organ while the purification began .
noah could gain a deeper understanding of that energy during the process . his initial guess had been on point . the devil's chaotic laws saw heaven and earth as their main enemies , and their state gave them an innate resistance against those attacks .
- i wonder if i can obtain similar features .
noah thought as his eyes lit up .
the devil had resumed its mindless destruction , but noah quickly appeared in front of the creature . his blade directly descended , and a massive vertical singularity opened through its body .
the creature's laugh distorted after noah's attack had cut its mouth into two pieces . still , the devil soon noticed him again and decided to take the threat seriously .
the devil raised its arm , but noah punched it before it could discharge the dark-red energy . the limb shattered during the impact , but noah felt as if he had attacked a pool of water .
his attack didn't stop the devil . the creature barely noticed that it had lost an arm and continued its offensive . its second limb began to rise , but noah cut hit away with a clean slash .
the severed limbs exploded into clouds of chaotic laws that began to affect the world . their influence triggered mutations in the environment and altered the correct functioning of the matter .
noah memorized everything . he didn't let a single event escape his mind , and he even continued to attack the creature .
a flurry of punches came out of his figure and landed on the devil's c .h .e .s .t . night and snore soon joined that fight , and multiple injuries appeared on the creature's body in less than a second .
the creature found countless holes in its c .h .e .s .t , missed all its limbs , and even its head appeared quite corroded . still , it remained alive , and its aura didn't dwindle at all .
a wave of dark-red gas shot out of the devil's mouth , but noah didn't even bother to defend . he ate that energy and let his black hole handle the rest .
(can you even die?) noah asked before waving the demonic sword .
the head and the small chunk of the lower torso vanished after the attack . the singularities engulfed those body parts in an instant , but the devil's aura didn't disappear even after that event .
****
author's notes: i have no electricity . my laptop is literally about to turn off . i started to write the next chapter , but everything is about to go black . i will post the other two chapters tomorrow when the electricity should be back on . maybe i should get another sheep .





chapter 1646 - 1646 . peace
the heaven tribulations continued to rage and fill the sky with crackling noises . the destruction of the humanoid figure didn't put an end to the devil's life . its chaotic laws were still in the environment , but noah couldn't pinpoint their exact location .
the devil's aura was all over the place . it was everywhere , and noah couldn't find a core to destroy . he had never met such a unique opponent , but his excitement grew as he discovered more about that strange species .
the mutations intensified . more laws fell prey to that strange aura and escaped the nature imposed by heaven and earth . the whole sky seemed about to transform into a sea or rocks .
however , the mutations stopped affecting the world before radical transformations could happen . the tainted laws that had escaped heaven and earth's system began to converge near noah and gave birth to the dark-red figure he had destroyed a few moments ago .
the devil took form , but it seemed far stronger than before . noah could sense his instincts sending warning messages , but he didn't raise his blade .
attacking during the creation of that new body would be a wise choice , but noah wasn't fighting . he was studying that unknown species since he had already set his mind to develop that innate resistance .
the crazy laughter soon filled the sky again , and the black clouds didn't hesitate to send more lightning bolts . those attacks crashed on the devil , but its structure absorbed their power .
a long blade soon grew out of the devil's left hand as its aura stopped spreading through the sky and amassed inside its figure . the creature had finally decided to fight noah , but its transformation revealed part of its power .
it wasn't a case that a sword had grown out of the devil's left hand . noah had shown a similar battle style just a few moments ago . he couldn't believe that the creature had always had experience with that .
- did it copy me?
 noah wondered before reaching different conclusions .
- no . a copy wouldn't have this energy . it has probably learnt something about my battle style when my existence started to mutate .
noah stopped waiting and launched a slash , but the devil quickly raised its sword . the singularity clashed with the blade , and multiple black spots appeared inside its structure .
the singularity was about to cut the devil's blade , but its impurities took over and forced that energy to shatter . the attack crumbled before it could inflict any damage . the devil had tainted it before it could be a threat to its life .
- its influence has intensified .
noah thought after studying the clash .
the devil shot forward and tried to wave its blade at noah , but a massive snake appeared in front of the creature and tried to crush its body .
snore could release violent dark matter from every spot of its body , so the devil soon found a wave of dark energy trying to destroy its figure . the snake didn't only manage to restrain it . it had even started to suppress its power .
still , the devil's influence eventually managed to affect snore . the laws inside its structure began to mutate , and its body started to change under that power .
a few chunks of that massive body transformed . they became water , rocks , air , and light that couldn't remain attached to snore . its existence couldn't keep those different materials inside its fabric .
- night .
noah thought , and the pterodactyl promptly shot toward snore .
night cut away the tainted pieces of snore's body and let the creature recover . the snake had to let the devil go , but its figure quickly healed .
the devil transformed again . part of its damaged skin turned into a gaseous layer that hovered around its figure . a destructive force even filled that aura and increased the danger felt by noah .
- is it learning?
 noah wondered when he saw those changes .
the new features that had appeared on the devil resembled his dark matter . the devil had learnt from noah's techniques and was evolving again .
a roar suddenly escaped noah's mouth . the unstable substance ran through his black vessels as his companions returned inside the separate space . noah left only the demonic sword outside since its black hole could protect the weapon from that threatening influence .
snore , night , and duanlong didn't have noah's miraculous organs . the devil could get a chance to take over his companions , and noah couldn't allow that .
noah pressed his blade on his forehead . his consciousness expanded and locked on the devil before a wave of sharpness filled the area .
a massive singularity suddenly opened on the devil's spot . the creature disappeared as soon as noah's attack landed on its figure , but its aura didn't vanish .
the singularity dispersed quickly and revealed that the devil was still on the same spot , even if multiple injuries had appeared on its body . yet , the creature raised its sword without caring about its wounds and slashed it toward noah ,
a massive dark-red slash shot out of the devil's sword . the attack had fuming trails coming out of it and contained a dense mass of chaotic laws that transformed the air they crossed .
- it can't completely copy my attacks then .
noah concluded .
- it still retains its nature even if it imitates my battle style .
the demonic sword clashed with the dark-red slash and cut it in half . the chaotic laws that landed on the weapon modified its structure , but dark matter quickly came out of it and fixed those flaws .
noah glanced at the demonic sword . the process had not been harmless for the weapon . the blade had suffered some slight structural damage that would require a few hours to fix .
- i might be unable to use my full power here .
noah thought before storing the demonic sword and shooting toward his enemy .
the devil launched another slash , but noah punched right through it . the chaotic laws that dispersed around him tried to modify his existence , but a layer of dark matter covered his skin and stopped that process .
noah's fingers took the shape of a blade before he waved his arm . his hand fell on the creature's shoulder and opened a deep diagonal cut . a punch quickly followed that attack , and noah soon found his limb stabbed inside the devil's c .h .e .s .t .
the mutations intensified at that distance . the devil didn't care about injuries . it was an entity meant to bring change into everything in its range , and noah was deep inside that power .
a scarlet light filled noah's eyes . the demonic deduction technique produced violent thoughts that enhanced his destructive capabilities . a viable approach eventually appeared in his mind , and he didn't hesitate to deploy it .
an azure light shone from behind noah's eyes . his greed seeped out of his figure and filled the sky . his aura was so intense that the noises generated by the heaven tribulations became unable to leave the dark clouds .
noah desired the power held by the devils . he wanted to know how they could oppose heaven and earth so effortlessly , and supreme thief's ability was giving him a chance to avoid countless tests .
a suction force spread from the arm inside the devil's c .h .e .s .t . noah began to absorb the dark-red fabric of its body and turn that material into knowledge .
a series of information filled his mind , but a dense will also tried to fuse with his existence . noah found himself forced to interrupt supreme thief's technique mid-way and summon the parasite .
roots came out and spread across his arm before expanding toward the rest of the dark-red figure . the parasite's corrosive aura destroyed those chaotic laws without bothering to absorb them . the black hole was making sure that the magical plant didn't let that energy affect its structure .
the devil quickly vanished . a dark halo covered the area before its figure completely disappeared . even its unique aura died out at that point , and the sky finally found some peace .
****
author's notes: i think i have been unclear yesterday . i'm not taking another break . i just needed electricity to keep my laptop up . i've literally had nightmares about the missing chapters ahah . don't worry . you'll get the other chapter in the next hours and three tomorrow .





chapter 1647 - 1647 . separation
- what a strange creature .
noah exclaimed in his mind .
the chaos that had filled that area died out . the mutated laws continued to fight the true meanings inside heaven and earth's system , but they began to lose ground without the devil spreading chaotic laws .
those battles usually resulted in mutual destruction . entire chunks of the floating boulders fell apart , and pieces of the layer made of dense air dispersed .
the dark cloud vanished now that the devil was no more . heaven and earth wouldn't bother to punish the laws that had turned rogue . they saved their energy and let the world pay the price for that battle .
the area slowly reached a new harmony . heaven and earth's laws couldn't destroy all the mutated true meanings , but they managed to remove the rebelling will .
part of the mutated laws didn't go back to their previous nature but only stopped fighting heaven and earth . some boulders continued to float through the sky , air covered the ground , and small pools filled the sky .
- it seems that i can't take the easy path to obtain this power .
noah sighed in his mind after reviewing what had happened when he had activated supreme thief's technique .
in theory , supreme thief's technique could steal any ability as long as its owner wasn't worthy of that power . noah even firmly believed that he would eventually learn to wield those chaotic laws .
the technique had all the right cards to go smoothly , but it failed anyway . yet , noah had managed to understand something about those chaotic laws from the procedure . he had sensed that a massive will filled their fabric and guided their actions .
the owner of that will was quite clear . noah had never sensed something so massive from a single living being . he had touched the other world's will while supreme thief's technique tried to steal that ability .
- i guess the problem isn't with supreme thief's technique .
noah eventually concluded .
- i simply can't endure the will that would flow inside me .
that outcome left noah slightly disappointed , but he couldn't ignore his joyous mood . he had learnt a lot about the devils during that short battle , and he had even found new projects to pursue .
noah's abilities had been the same for a while by then . it was hard to improve from his current state , especially since he had spent a lot of time perfecting his battle style .
he also lacked proper sources of inspiration . noah was in the eighth rank , so external techniques couldn't help his existence too much . yet , the mission had already given him multiple ideas on how to improve .
the space hounds had opened the path for multiple improvements . noah wanted to understand their innate ability to make his movement techniques reach new heights . moreover , those creatures could allow him to create his dark version of space and add it to the dark world .
the devil had shown noah that it was possible to develop immunity to heaven and earth's laws . those creatures were inherently different from every other living being on the cultivation journey . still , noah believed that he could create weaker versions of that ability if it turned out to be incompatible with his existence .
then , noah still had to improve his singularities . sword saint had shown him a path , but he had yet to understand how to reach that realm .
having so much to do reinvigorated noah . he could improve in many ways , and that sensation made him feel elated . he had yet to hit the peak of his potential . his law could still expand and encompass other fields .
(that was a bit reckless .) wilfred commented while nearing noah . (you didn't know anything about your opponent .)
(i do now .) noah replied . (this mission might become more fruitful than we initially thought . heaven and earth have led us here because they can't handle the devils , and we can learn from those creatures .)
noah didn't bother to speak through his mental waves . it didn't matter if the other experts listened to him . he felt pretty sure that they had all thought about the same thing .
(any idea on what heaven and earth exactly want?) noah asked . (i like this place . i want to see if i can leave it in a poor state to piss them off .)
(we identified the cause of the crisis .) althea explained . (heaven and earth probably want us to take care of the devils . they can handle the refilling of laws after the threats are no more .)
that conclusion was quite obvious , but noah hoped for something else . the devils weren't exactly his enemies . he even liked those creatures due to the damage that they inflicted on heaven and earth's world . he would love to leave some of them alive if the mission gave him a chance .
- i wonder if i can learn how to create them at some point .
noah thought while the experts gathered around him .
- i don't know how powerful rank 9 minds are , but i should be able to replicate that will , even if in a weaker form .
noah even began to think of ways to kidnap one of those creatures and unleash it on the other side of the immortal lands . he would gladly sacrifice everyone's safety to hurt heaven and earth .
(wicked thoughts already?) king elbass asked when he noticed noah's pensive expression .
(they never leave .) noah laughed . (i wonder what else can we expect from this mission .)
(natives probably .) king elbass replied . (definitely more devils . i bet that this side of the immortal lands also hides something else . i've never seen such conditions in normal environments .)
king elbass' words reminded the group of an aspect that they had decided to ignore until then . the other side of the immortal lands obviously had landing zones and lower planes connected to them . it was only normal for organizations to reside there .
- some force must have survived .
noah thought while inspecting the environment ,
- but it will be hard to find them here . this place is a mess .
(i think that we should split up now .) noah exclaimed and broke the silence that had fallen among the group .
(why now?) althea asked . (do you have something in mind?)
(of course .) noah replied honestly . (this is a world full of resources . why would i even bother to share them with you all?)
(you didn't share much even when we were together .) harold commented .
(i did give some corpses for the group .) noah snorted .
(it was either that or death .) harold continued . (and you didn't look too happy about it .)
(don't get all sad over a few hundred rank 8 corpses .) noah replied .
(i counted more than a thousand .) harold complained . (are you that stingy?)
(you have no idea .) king elbass sighed .
(well , this is goodbye then !) noah cut that conversation short and tried to leave in a random direction , but the other experts followed him closely .
(why don't you go somewhere else?) noah eventually said since the other teams didn't leave him . (don't you have heaven and earth to help , or a world to save? go and be heroes !)
(that's not happening .) isaac replied .
(i have the faint feeling that you can be more dangerous than devils .) althea commented .
(they figured you out already , my heir .) divine demon sighed . (you should be humble like your master and stab them in the back when they don't expect it .)
(i fear the day when you reach the ninth rank .) wilfred laughed . (heaven and earth will have to create devils for your existence .)
(what did the devil taste like?) the foolery asked .
(do you want to spend an entire mission with them around?) noah asked while turning toward the other experts . (you would gain in mental sanity by leaving now .)
some of the experts considered his proposal , but they couldn't leave noah on his own , especially when the fate of half of the immortal lands was at stake .
the excitement that filled noah's eyes sent chills down their spine . the cultivators could feel that he had something dangerous in mind , so they couldn't let him roam freely . they had decided to keep an eye on him .
****
author's notes: i just want to thank you for being so patient with me . i know the recent period has been a bit messy , and i'm grateful to have such a good fanbase . you are the best .





chapter 1648 - 1648 . threats
the group didn't have a clear destination . heaven and earth didn't bother to inform them about the contents of the mission , so they had to understand everything on their own .
the devils were a problem that heaven and earth couldn't defeat with their laws . noah's battle had cleared some doubts about their power , but the experts still felt that they lacked a complete view of the situation .
the chaotic laws carried by the devils caused mutations in every material and living being . their influence didn't have specific purposes , but it could still generate trouble .
noah's ambition and radiant eyes' aura could trigger similar effects , but they forced the laws to evolve on a specific path . instead , the devils' mutations were completely random , so it was unlikely for them to lead to stable forms .
the living beings affected by those mutations would probably die due to the many instabilities in their structure . yet , the immortal lands had countless magical beasts . noah wouldn't be surprised if he found a few species that had benefitted from the devils .
that led to a silent issue that noah didn't want to bring up until he gained a clear view of the other side of the immortal lands . a good mutation could generate new overlords that could live in a world infested by devils .
broken environments crossed the group's vision . that side of the immortal lands had gone through a deep transformation that hindered the experts' exploration .
it was hard to move when the ground and the sky had switched places . keeping track of their exploration in such a different environment was troublesome , and the experts often had to rely on inscribed items to help them with the issue .
the experts didn't lack inscription masters . that team had even developed a decent relationship after the issues in the dimensional tunnel , so the cooperation went smoothly .
the group could explore every crack of the floating ground and lake suspended in the sky . they could explore the vast sky illuminated by the regions hanging above it , and something off eventually popped out .
(did the devil kill everyone?) harold shouted .
the group had explored the other side of the immortal lands for months , but they couldn't find a single magical beast . the environment also lacked magical plants and other living beings .
(the mutations might have left very few living beings alive .) noah explained . (i'm more surprised about the lack of cultivators . did they all die? heaven and earth may have purposely sent us in a safe area .)
(that would explain a lot .) althea exclaimed .
the expert didn't worship heaven and earth , but she felt deep respect toward those mighty existences . she could accept that they had placed the dimensional tunnel in an empty area on purpose .
a loud noise suddenly filled the area and interrupted that conversation . a few regions went dark and forced the experts to look above their heads .
a massive landmass had appeared among the whiteness . scorching and fuming patches of ground covered its edges , and cracks opened through its structure as the vast region fell .
the landmass slowly shattered during the descent . it transformed into large chunks that continued to fall apart until they became nothing more than dust .
the dust didn't manage to reach noah's position . it fused with the world during its journey through the sky , and an angry aura spread after the event .
screeching noises filled the sky as the laws carried by the landmass began to fight heaven and earth's matter . their influence forced other true meanings to escape that system and transform into something chaotic .
the group could finally observe part of the absorption , and curious expressions appeared on their faces . their mental waves studied how the laws transformed under the other world's influence and gave birth to spectacular events .
the matter of the immortal lands transformed right in front of their eyes . yet , part of the tainted laws didn't fuse with the world . they remained a chaotic mass of power that slowly spread their influence through the regions and continued to generate mutations .
those masses of power gained a dark-red shade as the mutations continued to spread . the laws that didn't fuse with the world joined their structure and increased their size until their gained a humanoid shape .
crazy laughs eventually resounded in the area . noah and the others didn't hesitate to wield their weapons at that sound . they were witnessing the birth of a large group of devils , and they didn't know how they would behave in their presence .
multiple devils appeared in the sky . their auras fused and intensified their influence . some of the chaotic laws even tried to reach noah's group , but the experts quickly sent their mental waves to stop that energy .
(we don't need to fight them now .) daisy newhall reminded . (we can ignore them until we learn more about this environment .)
(trouble is coming in our way .) noah whispered while turning toward a seemingly empty spot in the distance .
his instincts had sensed something . his words alerted his companions and made them turn toward that seemingly empty spot , but nothing appeared just yet .
(are you sure that your senses aren't off?) althea asked , but her words didn't gain the support that she hoped for .
wilfred , king elbass , and the other experts in noah's team had taken that threat very seriously . noah's senses had never been wrong , and they could often perceive things before his companions .
noah couldn't understand what was happening . he could sense the danger drawing close , but his eyes and mental waves couldn't identify the source of that sensation .
the dark world quickly expanded and covered the entire region . noah deployed all his investigative methods to identify that danger , and something eventually appeared when the currents of dark matter ran through the sky .
large invisible figures moved through the dark world . thin layers of dark matter covered their shape and gave them a form that noah could sense . those creatures resembled shark-like magical beasts , but some of their features were off .
noah recalled the dark world without dispersing the dark matter around the creatures . his companions could finally see that new threat , and they didn't hesitate to prepare for the imminent battle .
however , the sharks didn't seem to care about the group . screeches came out of their mouths as they flew toward the devils and crashed on their figures .
the sharks became visible at that point . noah dispersed his dark matter to inspect their features more in detail , and surprise soon appeared on his expression .
those creatures had long bodies and sharp fins . a dark-blue shade covered their figures , but they also had sparse multicolored patches of skin .
sparse rows of sharp teeth grew from their skin . even some of their fins had those strange features . the teeth appeared completely unnatural . it was as if they had grown there only recently .
- a mutated pack !
 noah exclaimed in his mind .
his fears had come true rather quickly , but he still felt that something was off . he couldn't understand why magical beasts would decide to target devils over cultivators . the latter contained far more energy due to the different centers of power .
the answer to his doubts arrived quickly . the devils didn't immediately fight their new opponents , so the sharks could devour a large chunk of their chaotic laws during the first exchange .
the chaotic laws enhanced the mutations that afflicted their bodies . more rows of teeth grew from their skin , and changes even happened in their insides .
noah could almost see organs appearing out of nowhere due to those mutations . the sharks seemed able to absorb the chaotic laws and use them to evolve their species , but the process was far from natural .
still , noah could only open his mouth in awe when some of the sharks raised their head and released waves of scarlet flames . a species with a water aptitude was using the abilities of the fire element , and he didn't know how to react to that sight .
****
author's notes: i can only be sorry about this constant issue . i don't seem able to fix my sleeping schedule , so i just collapse on the bed at times . you can expect the other chapters soon .





chapter 1649 - 1649 . sharks
noah felt that his vast knowledge in the magical beasts' field was useless when it came to the sharks . he had seen creatures with multiple innate abilities , and he also knew about rare species that could ignore their aptitude . yet , everything seemed off there .
- do they do this on purpose?
 noah wondered .
- do they want to enhance their mutations to evolve their species?

(give me something .) king elbass whispered without moving his eyes from the sharks .
(i don't know .) noah replied . (they are developing new abilities through the chaotic laws . their species must have been quite simple at the beginning . their innate stability has given them the chance to mutate without falling apart .)
(how does this involve us?) harold asked . (heaven and earth probably want us to get rid of the devils . we can leave the magical beasts alone .)
(these sharks can benefit from mutations .) noah explained . (obtaining a couple of new abilities should have been enough to trigger a tribulation . the fact that they are still here might be a problem .)
(that's heaven and earth's problem .) harold snorted . (they should have sent a stronger tribulation .)
(i'm wondering whether they have developed the same troublesome ability of the devils .) noah sighed . (it would explain why they don't have negative effects from the mutations .)
the group finally understood his point . the sharks might have developed a resistance to heaven and earth's laws , and that would put them among the experts' targets .
(a species with limitless potential can also end up hurting our organizations .) althea added . (they can become strong enough to take over the entire higher plane .)
(wouldn't that be quite a sight .) wilfred laughed .
noah ignored part of that conversation . strange thoughts had appeared in his mind after his explanation .
in theory , the chaotic laws were nothing more than power . they could force the matter to transform and give up on its original nature , but that was only a side effect of the will that they carried .
still , that side effect had allowed the sharks to break free from their innate restrains and evolve their species . those creatures could benefit from that power and strive to reach the peak of the immortal lands .
- can i do the same?
 noah wondered as the fight broke out .
the devils finally decided to fight , but they couldn't manage to do much against the sharks . their power relied on the mutations to inflict damage , but those creatures seemed able to avoid any harmful effect .
- can i even evolve past this form?
 noah continued to think about the issue .
noah had fought the chaotic laws during his previous battle with the devil . he had cut away any mutation that tried to spread through his existence .
however , those chaotic laws could bring benefits if handled correctly . noah felt even sure that he could avoid the ugly mutations that afflicted the sharks . he could do a far better job than those creatures .
of course , various dangers would accompany that procedure . the mutations would affect his very existence and make him lose sight of his path .
- is my ambition trying to trick me again?
 noah wondered .
- is this heaven and earth's doing? do they want me to approach this procedure to ruin my law?

noah couldn't feel sure about anything . he only knew his desires , and his expertise told him that they were achievable . the procedure might take time , but he believed that the chaotic laws' influence could enhance his existence .
- my greed is so troublesome .
noah sighed in his mind before turning toward king elbass .
(do you have something to contain the devils?) noah asked .
(do you want to capture one of them?) king elbass replied .
(don't you?) noah asked , and a smile appeared on his expression .
king elbass looked noah in the eyes , and the same smile eventually appeared on his face . the expert shared his same desire , even if his reasons were different .
(can you not put all of us in danger?) harold exclaimed .
(it's too late for that .) wilfred laughed while patting harold's shoulder .
(are we about to fight?) the foolery asked . (i wasn't paying attention . the sharks looked too tasty .)
(can we make a plan at least?) althea asked .
(only a few devils left .) noah whispered before shooting forward .
king elbass promptly followed him . the two experts had ignored the rest of their group . they had their eyes on the devils , but the sharks had almost eaten all of them .
the pack of sharks featured a few hundred specimens . only a third of them were in the eighth rank , and their leader was an upper tier creature .
only the leader could be a threat to the group . the other specimens could be dangerous , but that depended on their innate abilities . noah had yet to understand their full power , but he believed that no middle tier creature could defeat him .
- let's use the higher energy to contain one of the devils .
king elbass ordered through his mental waves .
- focus on the weakest , the one that barely reaches the eighth rank .
the devils' level was hard to discern , but noah and king elbass could vaguely understand where they stood in terms of power . one of the devils seemed to struggle to reach the eighth rank , so it became their target .
the sharks didn't bother to turn toward noah and king elbass . they only cared about the chaotic laws . they almost appeared addicted to that energy .
even the spreading of the dark world didn't make those creatures turn . they continued to feed on the devils even if noah's technique was trying to suppress their senses .
whips made of golden fire came out of king elbass' hands and shot toward the sharks assaulting the weak devil . only the rank 7 specimens were attacking their target , so the expert got rid of them in a single blow .
the devil laughed and tried to spread its influence through the dark world , but noah's technique was too powerful for that creature .
the dark matter forced the devil to shrink . it suppressed its chaotic laws until the creature turned into a dark-red sphere .
that new shape gave the devil a chance to intensify its influence . the condensed chaotic laws slowly began to affect the dark world , but king elbass arrived before they could do any damage .
king elbass deployed countless items , but he didn't activate all of them . his hands moved quickly as he tested how his creations reacted to the chaotic laws .
some of the inscribed items remained unchanged , while others experienced deep mutations . some even shattered after the chaotic laws altered their structure .
- this should work .
king elbass said through his mental waves .
a series of golden threads began to envelop the mass of chaotic laws . king elbass even stamped his hand on the item to create runes that sealed certain spots .
the devil didn't care about that event . its chaotic laws didn't mind ending up in a cage as long as they could continue to affect its surroundings .
king elbass quickly completed the prison and stored it inside his space-ring . noah and the expert exchanged a nod and prepared to leave , but a large figure soon appeared between them and shattered a large chunk of the dark world .
a screeching noise filled the area and forced the two experts to cover their ears . a red light shone from behind the leader's eyes while it expressed its anger toward the duo .
the upper tier shark had noticed that king elbass and noah had stolen its prey , and it wouldn't forgive them for that .
****
author's notes: thank you for the support . the next chapter should come out in a few hours . also , i'm thinking of taking a break tomorrow to make another attempt at fixing my schedule . only thinking about that for now .





chapter 1650 - 1650 . overwhelming
- it could see through the dark world !
 noah exclaimed in his mind as lumps of dark matter covered his figure .
the shark's screeching cry was a sound attack capable of hurting both noah and king elbass , but the experts quickly deployed countermeasures .
the dark matter stopped that painful noise and gave noah the chance to counterattack . his companions quickly came out of his figure , and black roots also spread over the black defensive layer .
golden light came out of king elbass' ears to block the sound attack . a series of runes also appeared on his body to create a series of shields that matched his shape perfectly . a fiery spear even flew out of his space-ring and landed on his hands .
those were inscribed items in the middle tier , but their power seemed unstable . it went up and down depending on how many flames king elbass generated .
noah shot a curious glance at king elbass' inscribed items , but the upper tier shark quickly claimed his attention . the creature swung its tail and generated a gale that crashed on him .
- innate ability of the wind element !
 noah shouted in his mind before charging ahead .
the raging winds that flew toward his figure shattered when they entered in the range of the parasite . its corrosive aura could disperse the attack before it could reach the layer of dark matter .
king elbass waved his spear , and a trail of golden flames shot forward . the fire took the shape of a giant arrow that exploded as soon as it touched the shark .
the creature turned toward king elbass , but a cut suddenly appeared on one of its fins . snore then bit the beast and covered it with its violent dark matter .
snore entangled its body around the shark before noah landed on the creature's head . the roots that covered his feet dug deep injuries into its body , and the demonic sword soon touched its skin .
a wave of sharpness filled the area when noah thrust the blade downward . the demonic sword dug the shark's skin , but it didn't manage to reach decent depts .
an azure glow filled the shark before an explosion rang in the area . noah found himself in the distance . his protections had shattered , and a few injuries had appeared on his legs .
- another innate ability .
noah thought .
- there is no difference in power even if it matches its element .
sparks began to run through the shark's body , but king elbass suddenly appeared above the creature . the power of his inscribed items increased as golden flames came out of his figure , and a golden radiance soon took over the whiteness of the sky .
king elbass pointed his spear toward the shark , and the golden radiance converged on the weapon during that movement . the sky regained its white color , but a sudden flare took over the area again .
the spear released a dense wave of power that fell on the shark and targeted some of the injuries inflicted by noah . that scorching energy pierced the creature's skin and made it scream in pain .
noah teleported under the creature at that point . a singularity came out of his blade and crashed on its belly . the attack shattered some of the creature's teeth and removed a large chunk of its skin .
the azure glow reappeared , but snore promptly ate the shark . a wave of dark matter shot in the area when the creature released its explosion , but noah managed to remain nearby .
a singularity shot out of his blade as soon as the shark reappeared . king elbass joined the offensive by throwing the spear . the two attacks converged on the creature and unleashed a massive surge of power when they clashed on its figure .
the shark didn't have a chance to attack . noah and king elbass were suppressing the creature even if its physical prowess was incredible . the beast also had multiple innate abilities , but they couldn't compare with the duo's techniques .
a dark glow covered the shark after the power released by the attacks dispersed . a rocky substance had appeared on its skin and had protected it from the experts' offensive .
(i only need a few seconds to counter this defense .) king elbass shouted . (force the shark to keep it up !)
noah shot forward and kicked the shark on its head . the creature endured the blow and tried to bite his leg , but he teleported on its back and launched a singularity .
the shark waved its tail to launch its storms , but noah was too fast . he teleported in another spot and launched another singularity .
his attacks didn't manage to do much . the rocky substance prevented his singularities from reaching its skin , and his physical strength wasn't enough to cause internal injuries .
still , the shark couldn't follow his movements . noah was free to assault the creature from every direction without having to face its innate abilities .
sparks suddenly began to run through the shark again . noah tried to stop that ability , but the creature shot forward before his attack could reach its skin .
the sudden acceleration sent sharp slashes in every direction . noah's defenses didn't manage to stop the attacks . the roots and dark matter that covered his c .h .e .s .t disappeared , and a series of long cuts opened on that spot .
(i'm ready !) king elbass shouted while the shark turned to charge at the experts .
the sparks were running through its body again . the creature wanted to launch its slashes , and noah silently prepared for the attack .
- try to endure it .
noah said through the mental connection as he wielded the demonic sword with both his hands .
a thick layer of dark matter covered the weapon , and roots spread over that membrane . more unstable substance flowed inside his black vessels as he prepared for the incoming attack .
the shark shot forward , and the teeth that covered its body released slashes during that sudden acceleration . the creature transformed into a bullet ready to pierce everything on its path , and noah was directly in front of it .
noah matched the shark's movements with his slash . the demonic sword descended and met the creature's head . an immense force then slammed on his shoulders , but he endured that pressure and gave his everything to stop the charge .
duanlong and snore helped in the struggle . the dragon drained the shark of its power while the snake wrapped itself around the creature . night couldn't do much in that situation , but it still tried to pierce that annoying rocky substance .
the charge eventually lost its power . noah had managed to stop that innate ability without breaking the demonic sword !
the shark wanted to release an angry cry , but king elbass suddenly appeared above it . the expert threw a golden liquid to the creature and laughed when he saw that the rocky substance melted under the effects of his item .
noah quickly stored the demonic sword , and a wave of bloodl .u .s .t spread from his figure . the cursed sword soon appeared in his hands , and a sharp singularity flew out of it .
the singularity was nothing more than an invisible line that flew across the creature's head . the shark didn't even notice that attack , but it soon sensed that something was off .
the creature tried to muster its power , but it couldn't find its energy anywhere . it was as if something had severed its connection with its incredible body .
a cut eventually opened on the shark's head . it ran from the tip of its mouth to its dorsal fin . the light in the creature's eyes soon dimmed as its body opened and revealed its insides .
****
author's notes: i'll take a break tomorrow , so don't wait for chapters . i'll make a deal with the old gods to restore my sleeping schedule . they might be able to help . i'll go buy the sheep for the ritual now .




chapter 1651 - 1651 . change
the rest of noah's group didn't remain on the sidelines . the other experts joined the battle once the upper tier shark attacked , and they quickly took care of the various underlings .
the experts from the other teams didn't only want to help the duo . they also desired to experience the conditions generated by the devils .
heaven and earth's mission probably saw those creatures as the primary targets , so the group had to learn how to fight them . the transformation of their existence was a strange phenomenon that they had to learn how to counter .
the group defeated the pack before focusing on the devils . noah and king elbass had no interest in those creatures since they had already captured one of them , so they limited themselves to watch the fight .
the duo took that chance to have a secret conversation . they wouldn't mind talking about that with their companions , but noah wanted the experts from the other teams to remain unaware of those topics .
(why do you want the devil?) king elbass asked . (you know me . i can't control my curiosity , but you are different . you don't need their energy since magical beasts are less troublesome to get . what am i missing?)
noah and king elbass were on the ground and kept their eyes on the sky to inspect the battle . however , their attention soon moved to their conversation .
(this might sound a little crazy .) noah whispered .
(that's not surprising .) king elbass commented .
(you know that i can't suppress my ambition .) noah revealed . (i have to explore every path that can give me more power .)
(how could i not know that by now?) king elbass snorted . (what do you have in mind?)
(the chaotic laws carried by the devils feature the very power of change .) noah explained . (yet , this energy doesn't have a clear path . it simply changes everything randomly .)
king elbass wasn't stupid . actually , he was one of the smartest experts in the whole plane , especially when it came to inventing inscribed items and training methods .
he could immediately understand where noah's explanation was going . after all , king elbass had also studied his ambition , so he could imagine a synergy between the two energies .
(this is far crazier than i expected !) king elbass shouted , but noah used his mental waves to contain the expert's voice . (you would risk your very existence for a slim chance to improve . how can you even consider that path?)
(i need you to tell me how crazy this is .) noah sighed . (my mind likes to play tricks . in theory , the procedure can work , but i want a second opinion on the matter .)
king elbass fell silent . it was rare for experts at that level to doubt their path , but noah was disclosing his insecurities openly . it seemed that his latest idea worried him deeply .
(it definitely is crazy on multiple levels .) king elbass eventually said while scratching his jaw . (existences aren't easy to affect , and they shouldn't go through great changes at all in the divine ranks . the cultivation journey tells us to expand and improve them . it rarely requests complete transformations .)
(power is power .) noah commented .
(and you might lose everything you have achieved if you chase it through this procedure .) king elbass replied . (i can relate with your insatiable desire , but the risks are too great here . i strongly advise against it .)
(i only need to know if it's possible .) noah explained . (is there a chance for this procedure to work?)
king elbass didn't want to lie . noah's law could make the whole procedure work . it was one of the few energies in the world that could give a purpose to the devils and force an actual evolution .
still , he wanted to choose his words very carefully . noah's decision would depend on his evaluation , and many adverse events could follow that .
(it is possible .) king elbass sighed . (your ambition could force the power of change inside the chaotic laws toward a stable path . it might even produce something far better than the sharks . i just don't know if you can improve anymore .)
(i guess i can only perform tests in a safe environment .) noah concluded .
(i can lend you some of my stuff .) king elbass added . (i have items that can copy laws to some degree . i would use them before approaching the experiments on yourself .)
(of course .) noah commented . (i'm crazy , not idiotic .)
(do you want my opinion on that too?) king elbass mocked noah , and the latter limited himself to give voice to a short laugh .
the battle in the sky eventually ended . the experts took a while to learn how to defeat the devils without endangering their laws . that experience would improve their future fights and give them more chances to complete the mission .
a series of complaints flew toward noah , but the latter ignored them . he didn't care about the safety of the group when those risky procedures filled his mind .
the group divided the loot and proceeded with the journey . noah kept most of the shark's body , but king elbass gained the chance to study it . the expert didn't care about that flesh . he only wanted to see how the mutations had affected its body .
the event that they had just witnessed turned out to be quite rare . the group guessed that something similar happened in other areas of the higher plane , but they didn't have to face it again even after months of exploration .
yet , the experts encountered the sharks on multiple occasions in that period . their initial guess had been on point . heaven and earth had led them into a safe area , so the number of threats increased as they dived deeper into the higher plane .
the group didn't meet any powerful specimen . the packs on their path mainly featured middle tier creatures , and they could handle them quite easily .
the experts also had to face sparse devils from time to time , but their power was relatively low . it seemed that they had yet to reach the areas where those threats touched a dangerous level , but they didn't lower their guard nonetheless .
the exploration eventually became quite dull . noah and the others were in a spectacular environment that carried unusual features , but they couldn't do much with it .
the devils offered some excitement , but their behavior was erratic . those creatures always tried to ignore the experts and only started to fight after suffering some damage . moreover , their attacks were nothing more than mutated copies of the group's laws , which worsened the overall situation .
the sharks couldn't provide much either . those creatures had evolved in different ways , but they remained magical beasts . they were powerful , but they could only give flesh and peculiar materials to the group . noah didn't see any difference from regular hunts .
(do we have to spend millennia like this?) harold complained after the group defeated another pack of sharks . (i understand the need for our help , but i expected more .)
(maybe the stronger devils can give you the excitement that you seek .) althea replied . (why would you even complain about easy battles? we are gathering materials while studying how our existences can mutate . these are free benefits .)
althea was right , but that didn't lift the group's mood . they preferred to face dangers and improve quickly rather than repeat the same tedious battles over and over again .
still , a change in their routine eventually happened . a series of white lines manifested in front of the experts while exploring a lake suspended in the sky .
king elbass made his companions stop , and his curiosity soon burst out of his figure . the experts had found traces of inscriptions , but king elbass didn't manage to sense them before they revealed themselves .
****
author's notes: i have no electricity . my laptop is literally about to turn off . i started to write the next chapter , but everything is about to go black . i will post the other two chapters tomorrow when the electricity should be back on . maybe i should get another sheep .








chapter 1652 - 1652 . meeting
the change in the scenery helped the group break out of the monotonous exploration , but the inscriptions also lead to problematic conclusions .
the inscriptions hinted at the presence of cultivators . there was a high chance that the lake hid the natives who had survived the absorption of the new world .
(let's unravel these inscriptions .) king elbass ordered , and the other inscription masters gathered around him .
king elbass' curiosity had gone out of control . it rarely happened that his sensors failed to find inscriptions laying around , so he had set his mind to study them .
noah and the others didn't get in the inscription masters' way , but they still studied the white lines from afar . they also struggled to sense them . it was as if those formations were part of the world .
- did they also mutate?
 noah wondered while the inscription masters tinkered with the white lines .
the inscriptions almost had no aura at all . noah couldn't even sense the amount of power that they contained . they barely existed in the world , but he couldn't deny what he was seeing .
the inscription masters had to deal with those problems . trying to break something that barely existed without triggering its effects was a tough challenge that they had to approach slowly .
the rest of the group began to cultivate after the inscription masters remained immersed in the study of those white lines for an entire week without making any progress . they would rather spend their time training than observing those experts at work .
the travel didn't give noah much time to focus on his many projects . althea and the others were keeping an eye on him , and he didn't want to slow down the exploration by secluding himself for years .
that approach had been acceptable inside the dimensional tunnel since noah didn't know what to expect from the other side of the immortal lands . yet , doing it again during the actual mission seemed a waste , especially since he couldn't gain immediate benefits .
all his projects would require decades or centuries to provide benefits . noah preferred to wait until he acc .u .mulated enough knowledge about the chaotic laws to seclude himself for a long time .
his situation didn't completely stop him from testing a few things . the black marks from the space hounds were still with him , so he could study them from time to time .
his movement techniques improved whenever he gained a better understanding of the laws of space contained in those materials . noah didn't even feel completely lost about the creation of the dark version either . he was making progress , even if at a slow pace .
the white lines eventually crumbled . the event marked the inscription masters' success in overcoming those formations , and the environment changed after that event .
faint dark figures appeared inside the lake suspended in the sky . the inscriptions stopped covering those structures , so the experts could finally learn more about that environment .
the lake contained large buildings that the group couldn't properly make out from their position . the azure water surrounding them seemed to be part of a large defensive mechanism that hid most of the insides and blocked external mental waves .
(we have another riddle to solve .) king elbass sighed while studying those defenses .
the water itself was part of a large formation . the insides of the lake also hid multiple defenses that the inscription masters could only sense through their instincts . the group had met a complex array that only true experts could build .
noah began to consider the possibility of starting one of his long projects when he understood that the inscription masters would take a while to clear the path . still , something changed before he could build a cave .
the water suddenly churned . dense currents ran through the lake and created an empty path that connected the outside world to the faint buildings .
noah and the other experts on the ground quickly flew toward the inscription masters . those events usually led to a meeting , and their experience ended up being on point .
a powerful aura flew out of the tunnel and covered the experts . the group could immediately sense multiple solid stage cultivators walking through that watery passage and leaving the lake to begin the meeting .
three solid stage cultivators soon appeared in front of the group . the trio studied the experts while wearing stern expressions , but they seemed to lack ill intentions for the time being .
(i don't recognize you .) the only man in the trio announced . (where did you hide until now?)
noah and the others exchanged awkward glances . it was hard to explain their presence there , especially to a group that had to survive an entire plane turning upside-down .
(heaven and earth have created a tunnel leading to this side of the immortal lands .) althea eventually tried to explain their situation . (we believe they wanted us to help with this crisis . maybe they even predicted that we would join you in the task .)
the trio didn't reveal any emotion at those words , but their silence hinted at something . the lack of a proper answer told noah's group that the three experts were aware of part of that mission .
(is this all of you?) one of the women asked while revealing a displeased expression . (didn't you have stronger experts at hand?)
(we have also gone through a few crises in the last period .) althea continued . (our organizations need to recover from their losses . still , i can assure you that we are quite powerful .)
(you even brought a magical beast .) the second woman sighed . (how can this creature even help? did you come here to mock heaven and earth?)
noah's eyes sharpened . the woman had stated her position toward heaven and earth . she sounded like a follower of those distant rulers .
(i can eat your as- .) the foolery tried to shout , but noah promptly closed its mouth .
noah didn't like that arrogance either , but he wanted to play along until he learnt more about those natives . the power showed by the white inscriptions was quite fearsome , so those survivors had to feature some mighty experts .
- i don't think i can handle solid stage cultivators .
noah thought while eyeing the foolery .
- i'm able to fight liquid stage experts now , but these three seem a bit too strong .
knowing about his limits didn't make him abandon the idea of fighting those experts . noah wanted to test his power against a solid stage cultivator , but that wasn't the right situation .
(we have asked heaven and earth for help .) the man said while changing the topic . (the devils are troublesome to fight for those belonging to the great system . most of our experts are like that . we need external forces , but i hope that your loyalty is in the right place .)
the man was clearly asking whether noah and the others worshipped heaven and earth , but the group could only exchange another series of awkward glances .
even althea's team could barely claim to be on heaven and earth's side . the three experts respected those existences , but they had yet to decide whether they would give up on their laws after reaching the higher ranks .
(don't you have forces outside of the great system on this side?) noah asked before althea could speak again .
(the initial stages of the crisis have been the harshest .) the man sighed . (devils filled the entire plane while destruction spread in every direction . we lost our battle and hid in these structures . i don't even know how many cultivators are still alive on this side of the higher plane .)
****
author's notes: i think i have been unclear yesterday . i'm not taking another break . i just needed electricity to keep my laptop up . i've literally had nightmares about the missing chapters ahah . don't worry . you'll get the other chapter in the next hours and three tomorrow .








chapter 1653 - 1653 . true
- they don't like experts outside of heaven and earth's system .
noah thought ,
- but they would still accept their help . desperation might explain this behavior , but it doesn't ensure my safety after the mission is over .
noah had dealt with a group of maniacs already . he could imagine the natives loyal to heaven and earth turning on his team once the mission was over .
his desire to remain on the other side of the immortal lands dwindled as he learnt more about that political environment . noah didn't mind fighting mutated magical beasts and devils , but the situation was different when it came to cultivators .
organizations made of zealots and fanatics could become dangerous in an instant . those experts would easily give up on their life to take care of their enemies .
noah didn't believe that he could hide his position toward heaven and earth , and part of him didn't even want to pretend . still , he didn't have many options in front of three solid stage experts .
- how can i turn this situation to my advantage?
 noah wondered , but the trio gave him a chance before he could find a solution .
(we can't trust you so easily .) one of the women said , (but we have issues that we can't solve for now . we have a map that marks the position of other possible settlements , but we can't risk the safety of our people to look for survivors .)
(do you want to reunite the organizations of this side before the final battle?) althea asked .
(there won't be a final battle .) the woman replied . (the immortal lands are almost stable . i can feel that the other world will soon exhaust its will . we only have to clear the plane to get rid of the mutated abominations .)
(the mutated magical beasts that we met have developed a resistance to heaven and earth's laws .) harold commented . (your help won't do much even after the devils are no more .)
(we can still fight like normal cultivators .) the second woman snorted . (we avoid doing that out of respect for heaven and earth , but survival comes first in this situation .)
- how does it even work?
 noah wondered .
- do they have multiple laws at hand?

his doubts didn't make him ignore that conversation . noah had already formulated a basic plan , but he needed to know more to deploy it .
(what do we gain from helping you gathering your companions?) wilfred asked .
(do you think that you can clear the whole plane with this small group?) the woman continued . (you need our help , and we can give you access to our resources while we are allies .)
the cooperation immediately felt more appealing , and the group quickly accepted those conditions . they couldn't do much in the end . the three solid stage experts had no intention to share resources until noah and the others proved their worth .
the trio provided the group with detailed maps and inscribed items that could grant them the chance to keep track of their position even in that transformed environment .
those items were quite amazing , and king elbass found himself giving voice to nice comments about them .
the group could leave right away , but the experts had to divide themselves before approaching that task .
noah tried to end up with his friends , but althea and many others opposed him . the experts didn't trust him enough to leave him alone with existences that wouldn't stop him from creating a mess .
harold and fay sinnell ended up in his team . his friends received a similar treatment , and the foolery wasn't an exception . althea decided to take care of the creature and keep an eye on it .
the various teams separated and flew toward different destinations . the maps covered most of the old human domain on that side of the immortal lands , so their journey would take a while .
the only positive aspect of that task was the lack of hindrances on the path . that side of the immortal lands was quite desolate due to the recent crisis . only a few sharks and rare devils occupied those areas . there could be other mutated magical beasts , but the group had yet to meet them .
noah , harold , and fay flew across the regions for years before reaching their destinations . the team could sense that they had succeeded in finding the right place when a large floating lake appeared in their vision .
white lines materialized around the lake as soon as the team neared it . the same protections that defended the other settlement covered the massive structure .
noah and the others could try to unlock the defenses , but they didn't want to go through that process again . moreover , only fay was an inscription master with some experience with those inscriptions , and she would need years to remove a few lines .
(castor , rebecca , and melissa sent us .) noah shouted from behind the white lines . (we want to gather the forces left on the higher plane and launch a massive clearing operation .)
the three names referred to the three solid stage cultivators met in the previous lake . noah had decided to take a calm approach rather than wasting years working on those inscriptions .
his words seemed to have some effect since the white lines disappeared , and a tunnel formed among the raging waters . a few experts came out of that passage , but none of them was in the solid stage .
the experts mainly were in the gaseous stage , with only the two leaders in the liquid stage . those cultivators even appeared rather friendly compared to the stern aloofness of the three solid stage from the first floating lake .
(we were waiting for a similar call .) one of the two leaders announced . (please , come inside . we need time gathering everyone , and you can definitely help .)
noah and the others remained still . they wouldn't go inside a foreign structure , especially when it belonged to organizations they couldn't trust .
the two leaders seemed to understand that mindset , and they quickly clapped their hands . the water of the lake began to evaporate and disperse the energy contained in its structure .
the various palaces and other buildings soon became completely visible . the lake contained a small city that featured countless weak auras . an entire army of rank 7 cultivators was living there , and some even came out of those structures to welcome those guests .
noah and the others had no chance but to accept the invitation now . they could sense that the various structures had lost their hiding properties . no expert could escape from their mental waves now .
(we have waited for this call for a long time .) the leader explained as he led noah's team inside the structures . (we even performed sacrifices to heaven and earth to quicken their work .)
(do you all venerate heaven and earth here?) noah asked as his consciousness spread to cover all the buildings .
(of course .) the leader replied . (many of us weren't true followers before , but the crisis has changed our minds . heaven and earth have saved those who gave up on their laws and must say that i'm not disappointed with my new existence .)
(how can you give up on a law that you have built for thousands of years?) noah asked .
(it's better than death , isn't it?) the leader continued . (the white light of heaven and earth has saved me when a horde of devils was about to transform my existence . i would have lost my law anyway .)
(what it is to be a follower of heaven and earth?) noah continued with his questions .
(it's not bad at all .) the leader replied . (your previous law will join the system , and heaven and earth will give you something in line with your power . you won't exactly change . you'll simply become part of a greater world .)
(which makes you a dog for unreasonable leaders .) noah commented .
(dogs won't reach the peak of the cultivation journey .) the leader whispered . (i imagine you won't either .)
(let's try to remain polite .) fay said . (we have different beliefs , and only time will tell who has chosen the right path . we can only be ourselves in the journey .)
(you are right .) noah sighed . (i hope you can forgive my rudeness .)
noah stretched both his hands toward the two leaders , and the duo didn't hesitate to reach for them . however , noah's fingers suddenly arched , and the experts' heads shattered as countless cuts opened on their surface .








chapter 1654 - 1654 . defeat
noah had played by the rules for too long . heaven and earth needed help , and he was willing to aid them as long as benefits came in his way . however , the environment on the other side of the immortal lands was too hateful .
heaven and earth were basically asking noah to help his enemies building an army . his patience had a limit , and the last interaction with the natives had triggered his anger .
noah was in an environment invaded by enemies of heaven and earth . helping the devils and the mutated magical beasts would benefit him in the long run , but his companions always made sure that he didn't cause any mess .
his knowledge about that side of the immortal lands had always been too poor to evaluate the whole higher plane . after all , his side also had fanatics and zealots . it would be unfair to judge the entire political environment after knowing only a few forces .
however , noah was in a distant region now . the three upper tier cultivators didn't know whether the other settlements featured any survivor , and his companions were only two liquid stage experts .
the second lake had offered noah the perfect chance to do something that could hurt heaven and earth , and he had taken that chance without showing any hesitation . the two leaders only had to piss him off with speeches about their cultivation journey to make him take a decisive step .
the two leaders trusted noah's team completely . heaven and earth had sent those experts , so there was no need for precautions . of course , that didn't apply to noah since he didn't show any respect for rulers and similar existences .
noah instantly deployed the unstable substance to achieve his peak physical might . he couldn't use other techniques in that situation . the two leaders would notice them and deploy defenses to block his sudden attack otherwise .
his fingers curved and released slashes . that slight movement of his hands was enough to launch attacks that could rival spells cast by liquid stage cultivators .
the two leaders couldn't do much at that distance . they had innate defenses , but noah's attacks had piercing capabilities . his slashes also carried his sharpness , which ended up giving birth to singularities before reaching their targets .
the cultivators' heads crumbled . countless cuts opened on their surface and dug deep into their insides . their consciousness went dark in an instant . noah had managed to exploit his situation perfectly . he had taken the leaders by surprise and had delivered a deadly blow .
harold and fay didn't know how to react to that scene . everything had happened too quickly . the leaders had bent to shake noah's hands , but their heads had exploded into a gruesome mess less than a second later .
it immediately became clear that noah was to blame for that mess , but the two cultivators still struggled to realize what had happened . everything had gone exceptionally well until then , but their situation had turned upside down in a single instant .
noah wasn't like harold and fay . dark matter quickly came out of his figure and covered all the structures inside the floating lake .
his ploy depended on the complete lack of witnesses . he couldn't let any of those cultivators leave to preserve his façade in front of his group .
(what are you even doing? !) harold eventually shouted as the dark matter tried to suppress his existence . (why did you kill them? !)
noah was the only one who could hear harold's words . the dark world could suppress his sounds even if his existence could fight the weakening for now . yet , there was no need to answer those questions .
the various structures featured entire armies of cultivators , but the best of them were in the gaseous stage . noah had already killed the strongest experts in that force . he only had to perform a slaughter to complete the initial part of his plan .
harold and fay weren't weak . those experts had fought against mutated sharks and devils for years already . those creatures had removed any flaw that still afflicted their battle style .
fighting the devils had also improved the stability of their law . harold and fay had developed a few countermeasures to those chaotic laws , and they ended up working quite well with the dark world .
noah's technique changed the environment to suppress the experts' laws , but the latter quickly deployed defenses to keep their existence safe . harold and fay didn't suffer from the dark matter . the dark world only managed to limit their range .
harold and fay couldn't see and sense anything . their consciousness barely covered an area of ten meters , and blackness filled their vision .
the environment didn't give them the chance to unleash their full power , but it also failed to restrain them completely . harold and fay could still use their abilities , and they soon turned the whole dark cloud into a mess .
their attacks only managed to destroy a large chunk of the dark world . their discharge of power had freed them , but a series of massive six-armed dragons soon came out of the black smoke and started to converge on their position .
harold did his best . his whip released lightning bolts whenever it cracked in the air . his attacks could pierce those dragons in half , but the horde of magical beasts seemed endless .
fay did the same . ice spread from under her feet and gave birth to puppets that could hold that horde back for a while . the problem was that noah didn't leave them any way out of that barrage .
the workshops inside the dark matter worked non-stop . they continued to create six-armed dragons and send them toward the two experts . noah even made them use fake cores to gain more time while handling the rest of the army .
harold and fay slowly pushed back that offensive , but the dark world was too troublesome to handle . the horde of magical beasts had no end . the two experts could only clear the area while they continued to escape from noah's range .
the dark world eventually allowed harold and fay to look through its insides . the dark matter stopped suppressing their senses and gave them the chance to inspect the destruction that noah had unleashed during those exchanges .
the various buildings were still intact , but black flames burnt on their surface and slowly absorbed the energy that filled their fabric .
the two experts couldn't sense any trace of life coming from the buildings . they initially guessed that the cultivators had activated the inscriptions in the area , but the white lines were silent . that lack of auras could only mean that noah had taken care of them .
(what have you done? !) harold shouted , but noah limited himself to shrug his shoulders .
(you killed an entire army that could have been useful in the mission !) fay complained .
(that's the whole point .) noah explained . (i'm switching sides . it's finally time to make heaven and earth suffer a complete defeat .)








chapter 1655 - 1655 . ice and whips
(you killed them all .) harold sighed while inspecting the scene behind the dark world . (i guess you will try to kill us now .)
(i can't have witnesses .) noah replied . (my enemy is the whole world . i can't afford miscalculations .)
(i acknowledge your power .) fay commented , (but we aren't weak either . do you think that we didn't develop countermeasures to your power?)
fay didn't know harold's situation , but her team had studied noah and the other experts in his group during the journey . the legion was the only force that didn't respect the political environment of the human domain , so that was a necessary task to complete .
(words , words .) noah laughed before activating all the functions of the dark world again .
harold and fay immediately lost the ability to see through the dark world . the dark matter resumed its suppression of their laws . noah's companions also materialized inside the technique .
fay and harold deployed their abilities to destroy chunks of the dark world . they wanted to remove that annoying technique since they knew how troublesome it was to fight noah inside it .
a series of orange whips materialized around harold . those weapons rotated and started cracking on different areas of the sky occupied by dark matter .
fay's ice didn't generate any puppet at that time . her aura expanded and froze large areas of the sky while focusing on the parts occupied by dark matter .
noah's technique slowly lost ground . his dark matter could suppress laws , but fay and harold were stronger than him in terms of cultivation level . he could handle one of them , but the dark world couldn't do much in that situation .
the workshops inside the dark world generated six-armed dragons , but those creatures couldn't go far . they were lower tier magical beasts made of an extraordinary element , but they couldn't compare themselves to liquid stage cultivators .
still , the overwhelming horde of six-armed dragons managed to slow down the destruction of the dark world and gave noah enough time to prepare a strategy . he had already seen his opponents in action , so he vaguely knew how to deal with those laws .
- harold's power depends on the number of whips .
noah thought while inspecting the experts from inside the dark world .
- his law should make him able to enhance the might of his attacks . a single whip carries his entire energy , while many of them divide his power .
the trick with harold was to force him to deploy multiple whips . noah believed that the expert had limited himself to that single technique in the past , and he couldn't escape from those restrictions now . dividing his power would make his battle prowess fall by a lot .
- fay is annoying .
noah sighed in his mind .
- her ice can turn into anything , but it's stronger in its raw form . i might be in trouble if i let her touch me .
it was better to keep a good distance from fay . her ice was hard to apply on powerful living beings , especially hybrids , but a melee battle could give her that chance .
different strategies popped into noah's minds , and the demonic deduction technique helped to polish them . he had a few viable plans at hand , but he decided to pursue the most direct among them .
snore flew out of the dark world while hiding among the horde of six-armed dragons . its body was hard to notice among so many creatures , and the blood companion used its strange abilities to confuse its opponents even more .
(kill the light !) night suddenly shouted as it flew in front of a horde of six-armed dragons coming out from a different spot of the dark world .
the experts quickly turned their attention on the pterodactyl , but snore materialized near them and spread its wings to generate a storm of massive feathers .
harold and fay had to divide to defend themselves . fay would handle night's group , while harold would take care of the massive snake .
- did they forget about me?
 noah wondered when he saw the two experts turning to take care of different positions .
dividing their tasks wouldn't normally be a mistake as long as both experts could take care of their respective threats . yet , noah could create different dangers that would force them to be together .
of course , noah wanted to disrupt their cooperation . fay and harold could defeat him only if they worked together , but he wouldn't let them have that chance .
the explosion of snore's feathers generated a massive shockwave that threatened to envelop the entire region . the power released by the attack was so immense that fay had to stop focusing on her battle to activate countermeasures to the blow .
the shockwaves heavily damaged the structures inside the lake . the water around them vanished , and the large chunks of azure ground that floated in the sky crumbled .
fay tried to spread her ice through the shockwave to check harold's condition , but she couldn't get past that power . the walls of puppets created to defend her consumed too much energy , so she couldn't focus on that task .
night had fused with the world before the feathers could explode . the pterodactyl had placed itself behind fay since it knew that she would deploy defenses to block the shockwaves .
the creature couldn't move freely through the shockwaves , but it had the safe area created by fay's ice at its disposal . night waited until that massive discharge of power was about to end to fly toward its opponent and dig a long cut that ran through her whole body .
the shockwaves ended , and a storm of ice exploded . night quickly left the area and fused with the world again , but it didn't forget to share the results of its sudden attack with noah .
- i didn't manage to kill her .
night admitted through the mental connection .
- a defensive spell has activated before i could reach her internal organs . i still cut part of them , but she should be able to suppress the injuries for now .
the storm of ice dispersed all the dark matter accumulated in the area and revealed harold . the expert had survived snore's massive attack , but he had to activate one of his lifesaving items to succeed in the task .
a metallic sphere had protected harold from the feathers . the item didn't match his element , and it was far stronger than his current level . it was a protection in the upper tier that his family had probably given to him before the mission .
the sphere showed a few cracks , but harold was fine inside it . the item slowly began to fall into pieces and return inside his space-ring , but a figure suddenly appeared next to him .
noah teleported next to harold . fay was busy controlling her storms , so he could enjoy a proper one versus one .
his demonic sword flashed with a dark light , but the shards of the previous shields quickly flew out of harold's space-ring and appeared on the blade's trajectory .
noah was about to chase after him , but a series of large chunks of ice suddenly flew in his direction .
duanlong appeared and absorbed the energy contained inside the ice , but its efforts only delayed the inevitable . fay soon stabilized the storms and shot a threatening glance at noah again .








chapter 1656 - 1656 . endurance
fay had a long scar covered in ice that spread from the center of her face to her low waist . night had tried to kill her in a single attack , but the expert had a lifesaving spell hidden inside her body .
(how can you be a gaseous stage expert?) fay asked as her suffocating aura spread through the sky .
her aura managed to suppress noah's law , but tongues of dark matter soon flowed out of his body and fended off that influence . he also remained still since his physical strength made him immune to that weight .
(did you ever stop to think about it?) noah laughed . (my battle prowess might be off compared to my cultivation level , but my friends wield similar power . maybe they are the average , and you are all too weak for your actual status .)
(your taunts won't make me lose focus .) fay replied . (you managed to surprise me once . it won't happen again .)
(i know .) noah sighed before storing the demonic sword and summoning the parasite .
a layer of dark matter covered his body before a series of roots spread above his figure . bloodl .u .s .t also flowed out of his mind and began to fight against fay's aura .
fay's eyes sharpened when she saw a black handle coming out of noah's c .h .e .s .t . the expert was aware of the power contained in that weapon , so she didn't hesitate to deploy her best spell .
her ice spread through the sky and began to affect the world . the air crumbled and gave its energy to her spell . a frozen landmass soon formed , and fay seemed about to fuse with it .
ice spread over fay's body and transformed her into a statue . her aura intensified , and the landmass enhanced its effects .
a long trail of ice suddenly appeared near the edges of the landmass . night became visible for a fraction of a second before fusing with the world again . the pterodactyl had tried to launch an attack , but fay had managed to sense it .
- i don't know how she did that .
night transmitted through the mental connection .
- i didn't mess up .
- it's not your fault .
noah replied .
- her influence reaches depths that we have yet to study . we are strong , but she is technically better than us at the cultivation journey .
- can i help?
 night asked after a brief silent moment .
- i don't think so .
noah admitted .
- she can see your attacks , and you can't cut through her ice . i'll have to handle the spell physically .
- make sure to turn her azure halo off .
night snorted .
- i don't understand why everyone is so shining these days . i hope this situation will change in the ninth rank .
noah didn't dare to contradict the pterodactyl . night had seen great builder and radiant eyes in action , so it knew that its hope was faint .
snore and night retreated inside the separate space , and only duanlong remained in the outside world . its innate ability struggled against that thick ice , but the creature could still help .
(this is my frozen world .) fay explained , but her voice came out from the entire landmass . (everything will turn into ice once it enters my range . my law isn't ideal for offensive purposes , but it excels in defense .)
fay wanted to say something else , but noah suddenly raised the cursed sword . dark matter and roots covered its structure , and the bloodl .u .s .t radiated by his figure intensified as violent thoughts filled his mind .
the landmass expanded as fay's influence spread , but noah didn't fear that power . his physical strength didn't respect the limits of the middle tier . his instincts told him that he could survive in that environment .
noah shot forward and slashed at the landmass' edges . ice tried to form around him to stop his movements , but he destroyed it through sheer physical power .
the cursed sword released its attack when its tip touched the ice . a massive singularity shot forward and devoured a large chunk of the frozen landmass , but it didn't manage to reach fay's statue .
instead , a long cut appeared on noah's c .h .e .s .t . the drawbacks were far easier to handle with the unstable substance and a hybrid body in the middle tier .
fay's influence tried to freeze him again , but noah promptly moved . the ice that had begun to accumulate around him shattered as he stepped on the landmass and launched an upward slash that aimed to reach the statue .
the landmass opened at the passage of the singularity , but fay's influence tried to freeze the attack until the latter finished its energy . more cuts then opened on noah's c .h .e .s .t , but he completely ignored them .
noah moved to destroy the ice around him . the cursed sword flashed again , but it failed to reach the statue .
the cold intensified toward the central parts of the landmass . fay's influence was at its best there , and noah's attacks struggled to reach those areas .
injuries continued to accumulate on his body as noah sprinted forward . his body could give him the chance to get closer to the spell's core , and noah wouldn't throw that chance away .
hindrances soon appeared on his path . walls and puppets of various sizes grew from the landmass to slow down noah's advance . fay wanted to keep him among her influence until he transformed into a statue , but her methods only managed to buy her seconds .
noah soon was close enough to reach fay's statue with his slashes . his cursed sword immediately flashed and released a straight singularity that flew toward his opponent .
the landmass didn't have enough time to freeze the attack . fay had to show one of the abilities of her spell . her statue slid across the ice and almost teleported on the other side of the area .
noah's slash missed the target but continued to dig large cuts on the landmass . fay didn't seem to care about that , but noah wouldn't mind destroying the entire structure before reaching his opponent .
those exchanges continued for a while . noah chased after fay's statue while filling the landmass with deep cuts . his body was still managing to endure the drawbacks of the cursed sword , but his consciousness was slowly slipping into a dangerous mindset .
- i can't solve this issue .
noah cursed in his mind ,
- no matter how strong i am . even a larger mind can't do much against these thoughts .
noah was waving the cursed sword like a madman . he had never used it so often in the same battle , but he needed it to obtain a clean victory .
(this is pointless .) fay's laughing voice came out of the landmass . (i can always rebuild the destroyed parts . who will give you spare energy?)
the expert moved her attention downward , and a gasp escaped from the landmass . the white ground had a thick layer of dark gas that had moved in specific points .
the gasp was the trigger . the corrosive aura's power surged and created a series of long swords that disrupted the natural stability of the landmass and made it fall apart .
fay's statue began to crumble during the fall . the shards that separated from her figure revealed her real body and confirmed that she had always been there .
fay's eyes widened when she saw a black figure appearing near her . night was on its way out of her body . the creature had already completed its job .
a large cut suddenly opened on fay's low-waist , but she couldn't do anything about it since a second dark figure appeared next to her . she tried to summon her power to create more defenses , but her consciousness went dark when she saw the cursed sword .








chapter 1657 - 1657 . coward
chapter 1657 - 1657 . coward
noah watched fay falling toward the ground . a large chunk of her body had disappeared , and her two halves descended through the sky .
the dark world quickly expanded to capture her corpse and the energy she had released after her death . noah wouldn't let anything go . she was a liquid stage cultivator in the end .
his consciousness spread as waves of energy flowed inside his body . noah had another opponent , but his aura was faint . harold had tried to hide after crashing on the ground .
noah's instincts were among the best senses in the entire world . his body could find traces where inscribed items failed . he only needed to sniff the air to catch harold's scent and understand where he had gone .
noah dived through the sky and punched the tough ground that covered the base of the immortal lands . an uneven tunnel soon appeared in his vision , and he didn't hesitate to activate his movement technique to explore it .
harold was a liquid stage cultivator , but his movement techniques couldn't compare to the acceleration that noah could generate . the expert had tried to run away , but noah caught up with him in a few minutes .
a limping cultivator soon appeared in noah's vision . harold had lost part of his legs and had suffered severe injuries during the landing on the ground . his body didn't manage to endure the impact with the tough surface after the singularity clashed with his defensive item .
(i don't like to play with my prey .) noah commented at that sight .
harold had sensed his arrival , but he continued to limp through the tunnel . the expert was desperate to remain alive , but noah didn't like that game .
(the others will definitely kill you .) harold announced after stopping . (you won't be able to justify my absence to our teams . they will all gang up on you after the end of this mission .)
(that's why i'm trying to obtain more power .) noah replied . (organizations are troublesome entities . i can't let myself be weak in front of them .)
(you managed to suppress two liquid stage cultivators .) harold snorted while turning to face noah . (what else do you want? congratulations ! you are the best gaseous stage existence in the entire higher plane . here's my reward .)
harold showed his middle finger to noah , but the latter didn't mind that gesture . a dead man did not weigh on his mind .
noah had stored the cursed sword by then , but his bloodl .u .s .t continued to flow out of his mind . his dense mental waves covered harold and made him experience the many violent thoughts that afflicted noah .
harold experienced the violence contained in noah's mind . he almost went crazy after feeling so many bloodthirsty ideas running through his mental sphere . still , he also became able to sense noah's greed among that mess .
the expert could sense how desperately noah desired power . it was an instinctive drive . noah had founded his whole existence on that vague idea , and his entire cultivation journey depended on it .
noah landed in front of harold and retracted his hand . his fingers took the shape of a sword as he prepared to pierce the expert's c .h .e .s .t . a single movement would be enough to end his life .
(wait , wait !) harold suddenly shouted . (there must be a way out of this .)
pure fear filled the expert's face . harold had lost his composure in front of death . the loyalty toward his family had disappeared when noah was about to kill him .
(i can't have liabilities hanging around .) noah commented . (you must die for my façade to remain in place .)
(i can give you a lot !) harold shouted . (the rotway family has been a core member of the political environment of the human domain for eras . i'm sure i can give you something in exchange for my life .)
(talk then .) noah sighed while placing his palm on the expert's head .
a slight pressure would be enough to kill harold , but noah had delayed his execution on purpose . the expert could give him information that the legion couldn't acquire . noah could always learn something interesting from cultivators willing to betray their organization .
(i can tell you where all our mansions ar- !) harold wanted to finish his line , but noah made it end with a cry of pain .
noah's fingers had stabbed the expert's forehead and were about to crush his skull . harold had to say something interesting to save his life , and that vague line wasn't enough in that conversation .
(i can make you a list of our inventories .) harold shouted while keeping his eyes closed . (the rotway family handles most mines on the higher plane . i'm sure you'll find something good .)
(what can i possibly want from a human organization?) noah asked while nearing his face to his prey . (i've defeated entire castles of the crystal city on my own . you are nothing more than miners in my eyes .)
noah would rather earn something out of that rebellion . freedom didn't satisfy him , but gaining a mole inside the human domain could give him a lot .
that was the only reason behind his delayed execution . noah wasn't a brute . he knew that he needed to learn about his enemies before declaring war on an entire plane .
(i know my ways into heaven and earth's will .) harold pleaded . (i can tell you what they have in mind . i'm sure you'll value this .)
(i already have members of the secret organization inside my force .) noah replied while tightening his grasp . (i guess you are useless .)
noah's fingers continued to pierce the expert's head . harold tried to expand his aura to fight his opponent , but dark matter covered his figure before he could launch any spell .
harold soon understood that he had to give up on everything to save his life . his last brim of hesitation quickly vanished , and secrets about his organizations came out of his mouth .
(i know the location of every mine belonging to the rotway family .) harold explained . (i also know how to contact the crystal city since all the major organizations are aware of the other castles . i can even lead you to the place where the various organizations contact heaven and earth .)
a tremor ran through noah , but he made sure that harold didn't sense that . those words actually carried interesting information that noah wanted to obtain , but harold had been smart enough not to go into details .
(how can you know about all of this?) noah asked .
(i am related to one of the strongest cultivators inside the rotway family .) harold explained . (i know many secrets , especially those that might concern you .)
noah placed his forehead on harold's face before fixing his reptilian eyes on his scared gaze . noah needed to whisper a last threat before he could begin to trust the expert .
(lower your defenses .) noah said . (you will live , but your existence will belong to me . welcome to my nameless organization , coward .)
(i'm not a coward !) harold snorted . (i bow in front of monsters while i accumulate power . i bet you did the same in your early days .)
noah felt a tinge of respect surging inside him . harold had spoken true words . the life of weaker experts often relied on large organizations . still , harold had decided to become a spy , and that could only benefit noah .








chapter 1658 - 1658 . plans
chapter 1658 - 1658 . plans
noah had owned a spy before . fergie had turned out to be the first member of his nameless force , but he had to go through centuries as a mole inside the secret organization before that .
noah's methods had improved since then . he had obtained the entirety of great builder's inheritance , and the level of his dark matter had also bordered the liquid stage in terms of power .
subduing harold turned out to be easy . noah filled his body with swords ready to destroy his centers of power and forced him to eat a fake core meant to keep the technique active for millennia .
harold couldn't refuse those terms . he had already forced noah to spare his life in exchange for information . noah complied with that request , but he had done that on his conditions .
(what's the plan now , master?) harold asked in a mocking tone after noah completed the procedures .
(you will tell me everything you know .) noah explained . (i'll think about the rest after gaining a complete understanding of what's waiting for me on the other side of the immortal lands .)
harold didn't hold anything back . he told noah about the periodic meetings among the various leaders of many human organizations , and he even disclosed the location of the mines in control of his family .
then , he told noah where the various experts belonging to heaven and earth's system went to talk with their masters . it seemed that the rotway family had deep roots inside the human political environment , so he was aware of secrets that other experts ignored .
the conversation left noah pleasantly surprised . he now had new targets on the other side of the immortal lands . the various mines could provide him with a lot of wealth , and the location featuring heaven and earth's will could become one of his first destinations .
(i never went there .) harold explained , (but i know where it is . i've accompanied the leaders of my family multiple times . it is an initiation for those who reach the eighth rank in my organization .)
(what a stupid tradition .) noah commented before going silent .
harold's revelations gave noah plans that he could deploy only after returning to the other side of the immortal lands . his problems lay elsewhere for now . he didn't know if the dimensional tunnel was still open , but he guessed that the mission had to end before he could go back to his domain .
- what should i do now?
 noah wondered while harold studied him .
the other experts from his organization were still trying to complete heaven and earth's mission . convincing them to abandon the task wasn't a problem , but they would have to deal with the other cultivators in that case .
noah didn't mind an open battle against those experts , but he feared what heaven and earth could do about the matter . at the very least , he expected them to close the dimensional tunnel as soon as their betrayal became clear .
- the environment of the dimensional tunnel was dangerous already .
noah thought .
- i don't even want to consider how it would be to dig through the whole plane on our own . we aren't strong enough to survive the journey .
that conclusion was quite obvious , but noah still felt disappointed about it . his lack of power affected his freedom , and that led to another obvious conclusion .
- i have many projects at hand .
noah thought .
- completing them will take years , and the other side of the immortal lands can only slow down my improvements . this is the perfect place where to improve .
noah didn't know if he could return to the dimensional tunnel , but the other side of the immortal lands held the chaotic laws . living there would quicken one of his projects . it was even possible that only an environment filled with devils could help him in the matter .
- should i just stay here and cultivate?
 noah eventually asked himself .
- this isn't bad . i have many resources at hand and an endless source of chaotic laws . this is the only place where i can think about evolving my existence .
leaving would do noah no good . he would simply return to his safe domain and live happily ever after . that wouldn't do for him . he needed constant growth to soothe the drives that filled his mind .
(guard my training area .) noah ordered while turning toward one of the rocky walls .
(what training area?) harold asked , but noah promptly punched the law and dug a deep hole inside it .
his dark matter then filled the entire hole . snore and the other companions came out of the higher energy and expanded the cave until it became a large underground structure .
harold could only shut up at that sight . he sat on the ground and began to cultivate while his consciousness expanded through the region . his mental waves even ignored the insides of noah's cave out of respect for his power .
noah nodded at that sight before entering the training area . the entrance crumbled after he punched one of the rocky walls , and the dark matter covered the surfaces of the whole structure .
noah soon found himself separated from the outside world . he could still sense it , but he prevented everyone from inspecting him . even harold wouldn't be able to spy anything right away .
- what should i do first?
 noah wondered before starting one of his usual training sessions .
noah had yet to absorb the energy gathered during the battle completely . he also had to inspect the insides of fay's space-ring , even if he didn't expect much to come out of it .
yet , he had his many projects in line . they were the very reason why he had decided to seclude himself rather than going back to his companions .
- completing the study of space must have the priority .
noah concluded in his mind .
- the other projects will consume far more time . i can do them after i finish my dark space .
noah's decision was simply logical . his companions and the other cultivators knew where he had gone , so they would eventually search for him after completing their missions .
pursuing projects that could give immediate power had the priority . noah even felt close to some initial success in the study of the space hounds' black marks . it was only a matter of time before he discovered something that would change his entire understanding of those laws .
- i guess it's also time to test the new realm of the singularities .
noah thought while he immersed himself in his training .
- i can finally handle the drawbacks of the cursed sword . i should be able to create something stronger .
his meeting with sword saint had enhanced his desire to surpass the expert's arts . his offensive was becoming predictable since he continued to rely on the same slashes . noah had to develop something stronger to keep his battle style fresh and his greed satisfied .
- it's time to hide for a few centuries then .
noah sighed in his mind .
- i didn't expect this moment to arrive so soon . maybe i'll even send harold to hunt devils after i complete these projects .
a faint laugh escaped from his mouth while noah closed his eyes to focus on his training . his body and mind were progressing smoothly , but his dantian was doing far better . the organ was doing its best to catch up with the other centers of power , and it felt desperate to reach the liquid stage even if its level was still far away from the breakthrough .








chapter 1659 - 1659 . hole
time went by quickly . noah rarely managed to keep track of how long he spent during seclusions , but he rarely cared about that .
noah had a lot to do . his dantian begged him to push it toward the higher levels , but the organ required too long to reach the liquid stage . mere centuries spent in seclusion wouldn't be enough to approach the breakthrough .
instead , the other projects proceeded decently . noah's understanding of the laws of space continued to increase , and ideas on how to surpass the singularities also appeared in his mind once he began to focus on the issue .
only his experiments with the chaotic laws didn't seem to lead anywhere . king elbass had lent him a few inscribed items meant for the procedure , but his ambition failed to give the mutations a proper direction .
the chaotic laws seemed able to overpower noah's ambition . his tests featured pellets that could absorb his ambition and display it in the open , but they always transformed into unclear materials during the mutations .
noah didn't mind those outcomes for now . his focus was on the laws of space , and that projects proceeded well . he only had to let his mind study the black marks to improve his understanding of that aspect of the world . time would eventually give him what he needed .
it was strange to study laws that didn't belong to his existence . noah was basically forcing his ambition to expand and envelop more true meanings , but the procedure was extremely slow since his cultivation level was already in the eighth rank .
it would have been easier if noah had started studying those laws when he was an expert at the beginning of the divine ranks , but he didn't expect that twist in his life . after all , his ambition was already too vast compared to other cultivators .
noah didn't mind how broad his law would get . he had rarely cared about that aspect of his existence since he couldn't help himself . he had to fulfill his desires to respect his ambition .
the laws of space were far from his understanding , but noah slowly learnt how to deploy them . he already had abilities that involved similar features , but he needed to use them more actively now .
miss void's ability and movement techniques touched on space-related matters , but they were only a consequence of spells and arts . they didn't use its laws to activate precise effects . they only exploited their behavior .
instead , the creation of the dark space required a deeper understanding . noah had to review all the times when experts had managed to affect the fabric of the immortal lands to study those laws .
his movement techniques continued to improve as his understanding deepened . noah even tested them on the strange surface of the other side of the immortal lands from time to time . he could sense that he was getting close to a turning point , but the enlightenment tried its best to remain hidden .
harold imitated noah . the expert cultivated while noah was deep into his experiments . he even tried to break free of noah's technique , but he could only trigger reactions from the sword-shaped energy inside his body .
readnovelfull
noah didn't know what to do with harold . his situation with fergie had been different since the expert had no strong ties with other forces in the human domain .
fergie couldn't find a way out of noah's control , but harold had a chance to remove the spell . he only needed to endure until he returned to his family to regain his freedom .
(you really want me to kill you .) noah commented after his connection with his fake core warned him about another attempt to remove the spell .
harold didn't look at noah in the eyes . he felt awful about the whole situation . he was a mighty rank 8 existence who had reached the liquid stage , but noah had managed to suppress him anyway .
moreover , harold couldn't break free of those restraints . noah always sensed when his energy was fighting against harold's law , and he didn't hesitate to intervene to stop the expert .
(just kill me then .) harold eventually snorted . (i have lived for millennia . i don't want to survive as a slave .)
(i can't kill you yet .) noah sighed . (you are a valuable hostage and spy . also , i don't know if you have told me the truth . i need to check those spots before being sure about your value .)
(the members of the rotway family don't lie .) harold complained .
(i don't care what you say .) noah explained . (you are mine from now on . you can struggle and try to fight this condition , but it will only make it worse for you . i don't mind cutting your limbs and sealing your centers of power for millennia . i bet you don't want this .)
a trace of fear appeared in harold's eyes . noah had enslaved him , but he didn't apply any absurd restriction . he even let harold cultivate in peace .
(how would you justify my absence without someone to confirm your story?) harold replied .
(i think you overestimate the other cultivators .) noah laughed while crouching toward the sitting harold . (they will do anything to maintain peace . my team has the best experts , and we even have the backing of the strongest organization in the immortal lands . they will have their doubts , but they will never side against us as long as this mission continues .)
(what will happen once the mission ends then?) harold continued to launch questions .
(you don't understand .) noah said as growls fused with his chilling voice . (this mission won't end . the devils will take over the entire plane , and heaven and earth will lose control of most of their materials . this is only a matter of survival now .)
(how can you be so sure of that?) harold asked .
(because i've decided to cause a mess .) noah laughed . (chaos usually spreads once i make my mind about it . i only have to find the right calamity to unleash here .)
harold wanted to complain again , but he didn't know how to react to such shameless arrogance . noah was a legendary existence already , and his stories even failed to describe his real power .
harold could see how monstrous noah was . his power wasn't even his most fearsome feature . noah was a complete madman who didn't care about the world . he was willing to sacrifice immense benefits to make his enemies suffer .
(how do you plan to defeat the three upper tier leaders?) harold asked . (don't tell me that you have been hiding your power .)
(i always hide something .) noah continued to laugh . (don't worry about them . focus on accepting your condition . i still need you , but i won't hesitate to keep you inside my storage item for millennia if you keep trying to break free .)
(i only need to succeed once .) harold said as a cold smile appeared on his face .
(you also have only one life .) noah laughed before returning to his training area .
noah didn't mind those vague threats . it was normal for harold to show more pride than fergie , but he believed he could suppress the expert in time .
still , his priority remained his power . no one would dare to oppose him as long as he became the strongest existence in the entire plane .
his studies of the laws of space eventually led to a proper outcome . noah was inspecting the black marks carried by the space hounds' fur when a lump of dark matter came out of his figure .
noah wasn't controlling that energy . the black hole had sent dark matter out of his body on its own .
the dark matter condensed . it became a rotating sphere that resembled the black hole , but its fabric soon fused with the world .








chapter 1660 - 1660 . complex
- finally .
noah sighed in his mind once the passage to the void disappeared .
- my black hole has grasped the laws of space . i only need to turn them into thoughts now .
the black hole had a deeper connection with space . noah's existence spread into many fields , but his fourth center of power could find a link to that new aspect .
understanding slowly flowed inside noah's mind . the black hole didn't hide anything from him , but his consciousness had to translate those faint instincts into proper thoughts .
- this is so complex .
noah sighed while reviewing the immense mass of information that reached his mind .
space was a complex field . it was the foundation of the very world , but it could also be as simple as the void . it didn't have a proper form , but it existed everywhere .
noah felt able to see the threads that kept the immortal lands together as his understanding increased . the world wasn't just sky and ground anymore . it had layers of various densities that divided different dimensions .
that area of the immortal lands only had two big dimensions . a firm layer divided the actual world with the void . it seemed that those environments existed in the same place , but they were also far away .
noah raised his arm , and dark matter covered the tip of his fingers . he waved his hand multiple times , and he soon touched a lump of solid air .
the air wasn't actually solid , but his fingers could touch the layer that divided the dimensions . that was the same effect generated by miss void's spell , but noah could activate it on his own now .
- i might not need the special darkness anymore .
noah thought while arching his fingers and forcing them to pierce that firm layer .
cracks spread around his fingers . noah was stabbing his hand into the void , but he stopped before entering that realm .
his aura then spread into the layer to create a third dimension . noah was building his version of the shadow domain without requiring the special darkness discovered by miss void .
- it's harder than i thought .
noah noted in his mind .
- my darkness doesn't suit this procedure , but i have far more of it . this higher consumption is worth it .
noah's existence was still in the process of absorbing those new laws , so his darkness had yet to become ideal for dealing with space . it would eventually match the qualities of the special darkness , but he already saw benefits in using his own energy .
read online free
the shadow domain had always featured annoying limits due to the scarcity of the special darkness . noah had improved the production of that energy after clearing great builder's pyramid , but he still couldn't rely on that ability too often .
the issue became even greater when it came to entering the shadow domain . it took a lot of special darkness to transfer his body into that dimension , and he could barely keep up with that consumption .
ideas on how to improve his movement techniques surged in his mind . noah's new understanding made him label his sprint obsolete since a simple acceleration didn't reflect what he had learnt about space .
only his teleport touched that understanding , but its power still belonged to a weaker realm . noah had just obtained a complete view of the laws of space , but he could already imagine a fusion between that movement technique and the shadow domain .
- to think that this understanding could even improve my second project .
noah laughed in his mind as the memories obtained from sword saint reappeared in his mind .
the singularities didn't exactly deal with space , but they appeared after a clash between dense powers . his destruction and creation generated forms of energy that could destroy everything , even the fabric of the world , if an area was too frail .
the singularities had the same structure as the black hole , but they contained far less energy . that feature allowed noah to change their shape and turn them into slashes or piercing attacks . yet , they had to transform to evolve , and that required more power .
noah had only been able to rely on sword arts and spells to contain and discharge that power since his understandings didn't cover space . still , he could now rely on those laws to improve his attacks in ways that he didn't consider before .
- i need to accumulate energy until it transforms into a singularity .
noah thought while reviewing sword saint's memories .
- the energy then has to condense until it reaches a critical state . discharging it on a precise path is the hard part , but i might be able to do it with my new understanding .
noah's fingers itched to test his new power , but he forced himself to remain inside his training area . he wanted his existence to adapt to the recent enlightenment , and only cultivation sessions could lead to that change .
- using the chaotic laws of the devils makes even more sense now .
noah exclaimed while his centers of power expanded .
- my existence usually needs breakthroughs to adapt to eventual changes , but that energy can instantly empower it . i can actually evolve now ,'
noah didn't know if his existence could evolve anymore . even king elbass had mentioned that issue when the duo had their conversation . however , his new understanding had broadened his ambition and opened the path for a possible evolution .
- the others have yet to contact me .
noah thought as he began to plan his next move .
- they probably are busy with their missions , which means that i can continue to focus on my power .
the three upper tier cultivators had given to the group multiple possible destinations . noah could even continue to search for other floating lakes if he desired .
the other teams would probably return as soon as they managed to rescue some natives since they wanted to obtain rewards from the main lake , but noah didn't care about that . actually , he would rather avoid the three upper tier cultivators until he became able to defeat them .
- i should reach the liquid stage before meeting the three leaders again .
noah planned .
- i also need time to submit harold and become used to my new power . returning right now is off the table .
noah immediately stood up once he made up his mind . his consciousness expanded to reach harold's mind and send orders that he couldn't ignore .
- we are going to search for the other natives .
noah shouted through his mind .
- meet me on the surface . it's time to move .
- are you going to slaughter anyone who follows heaven and earth again?
 harold asked in a teasing tone .
- of course .
noah laughed while piercing the ceiling and landing on the uneven surface .
- the war has already begun , and my anonymity is my only advantage . i must tilt the scales of the battle in my favor before the fight begins .
- and you want me to help you , i bet .
harold sighed while landing in front of noah .
(i'd rather leave you behind .) noah said with his voice . (i need to try some stuff , but i won't stop you if you want to fight .)
his words left harold speechless . forcing the experts to fight would put him on noah's side in the eyes of the other experts . it was the perfect ploy to rope him in noah's plan , but the latter didn't seem to care about that .
harold had yet to make up his mind about noah , but the recent interactions had slowly begun to affect his ideas . a tinge of envy toward noah's underlings even appeared inside him .
harold had started to consider how it would be to have noah as a leader , and he cursed in his mind when he couldn't find many flaws . it was a strange feeling , but the expert preferred to suppress it for now .








chapter 1661 - 1661 . servants
noah and harold left their training areas to fly toward the next floating lake . other natives might be waiting for them there , and noah wanted to make sure that heaven and earth didn't enlarge their army .
the final battle was approaching . the human forces of the other side of the immortal lands had just started gathering their assets . it was only a matter of time before a massive clearing operation started and led all the existences in the world against the devils and the mutated magical beasts .
noah was on the devils' side , but the human forces had yet to discover his betrayal . he would soon have to clash with those organizations , so he needed to prepare the battlefield and his existence for the fight .
broken environments and strange sceneries crossed noah's vision as the duo followed the map's instructions and traveled across the higher plane . their destination wasn't far away , but they proceeded slowly due to noah's needs .
noah wanted to leave the training area since his companions and the cultivators from the other teams would look for him there . traveling toward different regions would buy him some time . it would also grant him the chance to test his new understanding in a proper battle .
he was in desperate need of a fight right now . noah had just added a breathtaking aspect to his existence , but his battle style had yet to adapt to those changes . he needed time to test his new techniques , but failures had to happen before he could reach a decent level of expertise .
the journey toward the other lake was uneventful . the duo met devils and mutated sharks , but they decided to avoid them since their power couldn't match those groups .
part of noah wanted to fight since he could deal with the strongest creatures in each group , but harold was a liability . noah couldn't keep him in check while fighting with powerful beings .
harold couldn't break free of noah's spell , but he could suppress it with his law . that action always warned noah and gave him enough time to intervene , but the situation would be different during a battle .
the lack of trust between the two experts made them arrive at the other floating lake far earlier than predicted . the duo found a familiar structure hanging from the sky , and they didn't hesitate to approach it .
white lines appeared around the floating watery shape as soon as the experts flew toward the structure . the natives seemed able to deploy those untraceable formations at will , but noah saw them as a mark of heaven and earth .
in theory , inscriptions had to leave a trace of their existence . even king elbass couldn't create completely invisible items . his assets always triggered reactions in the experts that approached them .
instead , the white lines were part of the world . they belonged to the very fabric of the higher plane , and rank 8 experts needed heaven and earth's authorization to create something like that .
noah could even gain a deeper understanding of those inscriptions after his enlightenment in the laws of space . the fact that the fabric of the world accepted those lines meant that heaven and earth agreed with their existence .
novelstoday
king elbass could create invisible inscriptions , but those white lines were on a different level . part of noah's conclusions came from that feature . king elbass was the best inscription master in the world , so the white formations had to have a stronger backing .
(castor , rebecca , and melissa have sent us to gather the human forces .) noah shouted before stopping in front of the white lines . (we have no ill intentions . heaven and earth have sent us to support the natives of this plane .)
harold wanted to give voice to a loud snort , but he suppressed his emotions . that wasn't the time to oppose noah . he had to wait for a decent opportunity if he still wanted to betray him .
the white lines soon dispersed , and a large watery tunnel appeared among the floating lake . noah and harold became able to see faint structures inside the water , but their attention soon went on the two liquid stage cultivators that came out of the defenses .
(i didn't expect you to be so few .) one of the leaders said . (heaven and earth have promised us strong warriors to fight this filthy threat .)
(we divided ourselves to gather troops quickly .) noah explained while keeping his lies in check . (you are the first group of survivors on our path .)
(don't look at me .) the same leader exclaimed before pointing at the man next to him . (i'm just a humble servant . my troops call me fog , but i'm nothing more than an expert ready to give his life for his master .)
noah turned toward the other man at that point . even his instincts could sense that the second leader was far stronger than his companion . the expert was a liquid stage cultivator , but his aura managed to make noah feel in danger .
(i'm otto .) the second leader said while joining the conversation . (i believe you were talking about me .)
noah and harold quickly cleared the misunderstanding . otto's aura was quite dangerous , so they preferred to deploy a peaceful approach at first .
(how did you survive here?) noah asked while studying the inscribed map . (this shouldn't be a strong lake . did you find a weakness in the devils?)
(no such thing .) otto replied . (we are blessed with the strongest warriors in the plane . my force has once been the bane of the entire human domain . now we are nothing more than survivors trying to create an army that has the faint hope to defeat the devils .)
(are you a servant of heaven and earth?) noah asked to understand otto's political inclination .
noah wouldn't hesitate to attack , but he wanted to make sure that otto's forces belonged to his enemies . there was a slim chance that he could gather more followers , so he wouldn't start a slaughter without knowing the experts' position .
(i've become a true believer only recently .) otto laughed while patting his arm on his large c .h .e .s .t .
otto was a tall man with short black hair and no beard . his eyes radiated a white light , but their irises were blue . they even had traces of purple , but noah guessed that it came from the constant use of specific techniques .
(my law fuses with the very matter of the sky .) otto revealed . (i've always struggled to accept heaven and earth , but my path has led me into their realm .)
the expert clearly wanted to become a hero for heaven and earth . otto desired the power they hid , but he had to complete many missions before obtaining that reward .
(can we see how the situation is inside?) noah asked in the politest tone that he could muster .
(of course .) otto exclaimed , and fog turned to return inside the floating lake . otto also followed him and gestured to the duo to come with him .
noah and harold entered the floating lake and expanded their consciousness . they could sense that the situation inside that structure wasn't different from the previous . the various buildings only hid weaker cultivators .
- no point hesitating now .
noah thought before approaching fog and otto .
the unstable substance flowed inside his black vessels and empowered his physical strength . his fingers quickly arched , and a storm of singularities flew across the leaders .
an innate spell activated to protect fog , but his ability shattered . the singularities ended up on his face , and death soon reached him .
otto was different . he could sense even the slightest trace of life . his body moved on its own and made him dodge noah's attack .








chapter 1662 - 1662 . abilities
noah didn't expect otto to dodge the attack . the expert was only a liquid stage expert , while his slashes could threaten even upper tier magical beasts .
still , noah couldn't deny the obvious . otto had dodged noah's singularity with a strange movement technique . his body had moved on its own . it was as if something had pulled his waist away from the range of the singularity .
(what's the meaning of this? !) otto shouted , but his eyes soon ended on his dead companion .
anger filled otto's mind . his aura expanded and tried to reach the many defenses inside the floating lake , but noah promptly activated the dark world to stop that event .
waves of dark matter flew through the insides of the floating lake and restrained otto's mind . the expert wanted to activate the many defenses inside the area , but noah's technique prevented him from reaching the triggers .
the underlings inside the various buildings had felt that sudden surge of energy and had begun to exit their training areas to inspect the situation . yet , the waves of dark matter engulfed them and sealed their senses .
- don't do anything stupid .
noah threatened as his mental waves reached harold's consciousness .
noah didn't want to fight with such a liability , but otto had ruined his plans . he didn't expect the expert to dodge his surprise attack so easily , so he had to fight with harold as a bystander now .
- i surely won't , master .
harold teased noah , but the latter activated part of the restraints on his centers of power .
the sword-shaped energy inside harold seeped inside his centers of power and suppressed their abilities . a sense of weakness filled the expert and almost made him faint . his aura became unstable , but the dark matter kept him in the air anyway .
(you have chosen to die .) otto shouted .
the dark world had improved after gaining an understanding of the laws of space . it became denser , and its stability increased . moreover , its ability to suppress cultivators had improved since the overall technique had become heavier .
otto couldn't sense his underlings . he had seen that fog had died due to noah's sudden attack , but he couldn't find his corpse anymore either . the anger that he felt knew no bounds . the expert wanted to make noah pay for putting him into that situation .
noah didn't let otto gain the upper hand . his demonic sword quickly appeared in his grasp , and an even stronger singularity flew out of it . the dark world enhanced the attack and added a dense layer of dark matter to its edges .
novelstoday .com
the singularity had the shape of a massive flying wall that devoured everything on its path . only the dark matter and the buildings survived its passage , but anything else vanished before that power .
the underlings that had come out to inspect the situation ended up facing the massive flying wall . their bodies vanished as the singularity engulfed them . countless cultivators died during the attack , but noah only had eyes for the liquid stage leader .
a white light came out of otto's figure . the singularity engulfed his figure , but he teleported away before his body began to disintegrate . the dark world tried to suppress that ability , but it only managed to limit its effects .
otto reappeared inside the dark world , but he showed a surprised expression at that sight . he planned to escape the technique and face noah under the white sky , but the latter had stopped that .
noah closed his eyes and let his understanding of the laws of space flow inside the dark world . the dark matter began to create faint but dense arrays that imitated the structure of a dimensional tunnel but that also applied opposite effects .
dimensional tunnels usually allowed existences to travel across large areas in a shorter time , but the dark world was doing the opposite . every meter inside the technique became similar to kilometers . otto didn't hesitate to shoot toward the edges of the dark cloud , but he seemed unable to get close to his destination .
that was only a temporary measure to suppress the expert . the flaw of that ability was the dark matter itself . otto was a liquid stage cultivator , so he could destroy large pieces of the dense higher energy and free himself from those restraints . however , his ugly situation made him unable to think properly .
also , destroying a chunk of the dark world would only place otto back into the outside world . he would still have dark matter around him , so it was better to save his strength if something else arrived .
noah didn't deploy that suppression casually . he had to handle harold , but he couldn't do that while fighting otto and his underlings . he would have no chance to win against a rebellion and an entire army .
a horde of rank 7 and 8 cultivators appeared in front of noah , but they couldn't sense him . they were gaseous stage experts at best , so his technique could make them completely unaware of their surroundings .
noah expanded his consciousness and drew the cursed sword . bloodl .u .s .t began to spread from his figure while he placed the weapon on his forehead .
the dark world enhanced his mental capabilities and allowed him to sense every expert inside the various buildings . his sharpness could spread freely through those structures , and a series of attacks appeared once he slid the weapon through his forehead .
his sharpness intensified and gave birth to singularities that targeted all the experts in its range . noah could sense every expert inside the floating lake , so his attacks managed to reach everyone .
large vertical singularities opened from the center of the experts and filled the environment with noah's sharpness . the few cultivators who managed to survive that attack had to deal with the random cuts that spread in the area and around them .
those weaker cultivators couldn't avoid that attack . even those who had dodged the first wave of singularities would fail during a second attempt .
it was pure chaos . singularities filled the insides of the various structures and killed every cultivator in sight . no one managed to survive that mad offensive , and the number of noah's opponents soon shortened to one .
otto was still trying to leave the dark world , but his efforts didn't lead to decent outcomes . there seemed to be an infinite sea of dark matter between his position and the edges of the technique . he appeared unable to reach it even after he had flown at full speed for so long .
(that won't help you .) noah laughed while revealing himself in front of the expert .
(where are the others?) otto asked , but noah's cold smile was enough as an answer .
otto closed his eyes and let his law expand through that suppression . a blinding light came out of his figure and pierced the dense waves of dark matter surrounding him .
his discharge of power wasn't enough to defeat the technique , but the light soon expanded and created branches that spread through the dark matter . it only took an instant before a white halo began to shine inside that darkness .
the dark matter crumbled under that influence . the expert decided to resort to the other approach to defeat noah . he would destroy the dark world from the inside before finding noah and killing him .








chapter 1663 - 1663 . average
a blinding white halo spread from otto's position and expanded through the dark world . it was cancer that spread inside noah's technique and destroyed the currents of dark matter that were suppressing the expert .
- is he like sword saint?
 noah wondered while large chunks of his dark world fell apart .
in theory , noah's dark matter had already touched the liquid stage in terms of power . it could suppress cultivators at that level as long as noah could focus his entire efforts on one of them .
yet , liquid stage cultivators still had access to better (breath) . the amount of power carried by those energies was almost the same , but their quality was far different .
the dark matter was denser , but the liquid stage (breath) had a superior structure . experts on sword saint's level could rely on that quality to overpower noah's dark world and destroy the technique with massive discharges of energy .
noah couldn't see gaseous stage cultivators as worthy opponents anymore . his battle prowess also allowed him to overpower most liquid stage experts , but some existences were the same when it came to fighting warriors at the same level .
noah couldn't be the only genius . some cultivators were far above the average in terms of battle prowess . sword saint was one of them , and it seemed that otto also stood near that realm .
branches made of white light continued to spread through the dark world . noah tried to stop them with his flames , but their energy was too intense for him .
the dark world couldn't apply its suppression on that light . it struggled to slow down the expansion of that blinding halo , and it often failed to obtain decent results .
- i need the cursed sword to stop it .
noah concluded in his mind , but he still decided to store his weapon .
noah's body could endure the drawbacks generated by the cursed sword far better now , but he still preferred to avoid using it blindly . he didn't want to reach his mental limit before being sure that he could kill his opponent .
- let's see if i can do this .
noah thought before raising his hand .
his palm landed on solid air at some point , and cracks spread from its edges . a connection to the void appeared , but noah didn't let his hand enter that realm .
his aura promptly seeped inside that firm layer that divided the immortal lands from the void . a third dimension slowly opened , and the dark matter didn't hesitate to enter it .
novelstoday .com
the shadow domain expanded at an unfathomable speed . miss void's normal spell was nothing compared to noah's new version , but the consumption of darkness was far higher .
still , noah didn't care as long as he could obtain better effects . moreover , he could rely on the dark matter to fill part of the requirements .
the shadow domain spread in a dimension that otto couldn't sense . it reached the areas invaded by the blinding light and eventually arrived where the cultivator was releasing his energy .
the dark world was falling into pieces , but noah disregarded it and entered the shadow domain . a massive chunk of his energy vanished to perform the technique , but its activation was a success .
the light around noah dimmed . he found himself on the same battlefield , but everything was darker there . it was as if he had entered a dark version of the immortal lands .
noah shot forward . otto's dim light didn't do anything to his figure . noah could cross it while inside the shadow domain , and he eventually ended up in front of his opponent .
the demonic sword came out of the separate space and ended up in his hand . noah pulled his weapon back and gathered energy on its sharp edges . dark matter covered the blade , and roots also spread over its surface .
the dark world was suppressing otto's senses , so he couldn't see that noah had left the battlefield . he was completely unaware that his opponent had prepared one of his stronger attacks and was aiming for his head .
noah thrust the weapon forward , and a crack appeared inside the shadow domain . the fissure was inside otto's head , and the demonic sword pierced his mind when it reappeared in the outside world .
a straight singularity shot out of the demonic sword and destroyed otto's head . most of his upper body also vanished during the attack .
the white light suddenly stopped expanding . it lost its source of power , so its structure began to crumble under the suppression of the dark world .
noah transferred himself into the real world . the dark matter in the distance began to pierce the crumbling branches of light and reach for what remained of otto's body .
it only took a second to devour otto's lower body . the dark matter transformed it into energy before that flesh could disperse anything .
- i bet sword saint was stronger than this .
noah laughed in his mind .
noah felt that he had overestimated otto . dodging a surprise attack and being able to deal with the dark world were average achievements in noah's mind .
the effects related to the shadow domain were hard to handle , but many experts could easily develop countermeasures . the other side of the immortal lands was unaware of noah , but that still didn't justify such an easy killing of a rank 8 cultivator .
- the dark world alone would have deployed countermeasures to these techniques .
noah thought while inspecting the battlefield .
- doing something about the shadow domain during the seventh rank is almost impossible , but the eighth rank should feature only the best of the best . heaven and earth have created a weak system founded only on laws .
noah couldn't help but consider heaven and earth's system as a whole . the various organizations , forces , and teams in the immortal lands often featured experts that had reached that level due to external resources .
that obviously led to weaker experts , but heaven and earth seemed to agree with that behavior . they didn't care about the human domain as long as they obtained new laws .
- what are they even trying to accomplish?
 noah wondered while dispersing the dark world and glaring at the sky .
noah knew almost nothing certain about heaven and earth . his knowledge about those existences came from rumors and deductions , but he could question every single piece of information .
still , it was clear that heaven and earth had a goal . the tribulations and the many harsh environments of the immortal lands would have no meaning otherwise . those mighty existences were looking for something , and noah felt disappointed to learn that they settled for such weak experts .
- maybe i can handle solid stage cultivators .
noah sighed in his mind .
the shadow domain gave noah the chance to kill every expert in the world . miss void was right . her technique was perfect , and noah's understanding had even managed to remove its only drawback .
yet , the sky began to behave strangely after noah won his battle . lumps of light condensed among that whiteness and gave birth to uneven shapes gathered in the same spot .
noah felt the need to attack that mass of light , but his instincts soon sensed a massive barrier between him and that structure . he didn't know when that defense had appeared , but something told him that it was better to avoid launching singularities there .
light continued to accumulate until it took the shape of a humanoid figure . noah almost opened his mouth at the sight of his previous opponent . the whiteness had given birth to otto , and even his existence seemed to match the expert .
author's notes: i have no electricity . my laptop is literally about to turn off . i started to write the next chapter , but everything is about to go black . i will post the other two chapters tomorrow when the electricity should be back on . maybe i should get another sheep .








chapter 1664 - 1664 . light
the light was giving birth to an exact copy of otto . noah didn't know how to react to that scene . his grasp tightened and relaxed as he waited to understand more about that event .
otto condensed and opened his eyes . his aura spread through the sky and fused with the world . it seemed that his law could match the whiteness that filled the area .
- is heaven and earth playing tricks with me?
 noah wondered , but his consciousness could barely sense anything .
the world was working as usual . the only strange feature came from the whiteness of the sky since part of it was transforming into otto's law .
(that technique was quite tricky .) otto announced , and the white sky echoed his voice .
(are you even alive?) noah asked while pointing the demonic sword toward his opponent .
his previous victory wasn't an illusion . noah had really killed otto through his shadow domain . still , heaven and earth had intervened .
(i'm part of heaven and earth's system .) otto explained . (my existence belongs to them . they have the power to rebuild me if the situation requires it .)
that revelation left noah speechless . he had never considered that aspect of heaven and earth's power , even if his life came from that ability .
otto was a proper member of heaven and earth's system . his law belonged to them , so they could deploy him whenever they wanted . seeing him again made noah feel strange , but it also rekindled his determination .
heaven and earth were able to resurrect rank 8 cultivators . that news was incredible , especially when it came to experts that opposed them . noah was among them , and his facial expressions were enough to describe his feelings .
noah could barely accept that outcome , but he understood its functioning . otto had sacrificed his individuality to fuse with heaven and earth's system . his law was part of the world now . heaven and earth could deploy it depending on the situation .
(did you search for immortality?) noah asked . (did you sacrifice your whole existence to become part of these groups?)
his question wasn't all over the place , but otto didn't answer anyway . he felt complete at his current level . heaven and earth had given him far more than he needed , but he had to wait for them to advance .
(you fail to understand heaven and earth's greatness .) otto exclaimed . (what can you even know about it? you lack the determination to enter their system and become an immortal existence .)
(nothing is immortal in this world .) noah snorted . (we are energies hanging around . having a stronger backer doesn't make you better .)
(and yet , here i am .) otto replied . (you might deny it , but heaven and earth are capable of giving you a second life . moreover , i've never succeeded in escaping them . i'm nothing but a light cultivator with poor defense , so i don't have anything special to give .)
- how do i even kill that thing?
 noah wondered while looking at the human figure in the sky .
lumps of whiteness soon converged near the other , but noah promptly stopped them through the dark world . his higher energy created currents that enveloped the area and crushed heaven and earth's power .
(this won't be enough .) otto laughed . (i'm in contact with the endless light now . my power is infinite !)
light condensed outside of the dark world . glowing spheres appeared around the technique and discharged their power in the form of piercing beams .
holes appeared inside the dark world . noah's dark matter couldn't do anything to stop those attacks . the beams didn't even damage otto , who could simply laugh and float among that darkness .
light soon spread through the dark world and dispersed the dark matter . the sky shone on otto again and increased his power . his figure became a blinding humanoid shape that continued to absorb whiteness and transform it into his law .
(light is everywhere in the world !) otto shouted , and blinding spheres gathered around noah . (you can't oppose it . you can't overcome it . it will exist as long as the sky hangs above us all !)
the spheres released beams that targeted noah . he quickly pierced the dimension to enter the shadow domain , and his cursed sword promptly ended in his right hand once he was in a safe environment .
the beams crossed his position and allowed him to study them . some of those attacks even pierced his figure , but he was in a different dimension now . noah could inspect them while his many techniques covered his body and weapons .
- he is still in the liquid stage .
noah sighed .
- these attacks are slightly stronger than before , but it seems that heaven and earth didn't increase his cultivation level . the issue is in the amount of energy at his disposal .
otto wasn't using his (breath) to cast those attacks . the sky itself was providing the energy required to create that dense light . in theory , he could have an endless source of power .
- i will only lose my momentum if i start defending .
noah concluded in his mind .
- heaven and earth might have memorized his law , but there must be a limit to how much it can endure before being permanently damaged .
noah shot forward . the dark environment ran past his vision before he arrived in front of his opponent . the demonic sword and the cursed sword quickly stabbed forward , and a crack opened in the spot where their tip converged .
the crack was inside otto's head once again , but something strange happened at that time . a wave of blinding light came out of his injury and flung noah backward , making the attack failed .
rays of light also invaded the shadow domain through the crack . they spread inside the dimension and destabilized its structure . fissures soon covered the edges of noah's technique and destroyed them to bring everything back into the real world .
otto had defeated the shadow domain . experts on the other side of the immortal lands had found countermeasures to that technique in the past , but no one had ever come close to destroying the actual personal dimension .
instead , otto had utterly overwhelmed the technique , and noah could only fly backward while countless thoughts filled his mind . it had been a long time since he had felt so lost . it seemed that nothing in his arsenal could make him defeat that expert .
of course , noah wouldn't admit defeat so easily . otto appeared made of heaven and earth's light , but noah had always desired to destroy those rulers . he actually felt happy about that chance to test his power .
lumps of light filled the sky and released countless white beams . a rain of attacks covered entire regions and converged toward noah , but he quickly entered the shadow domain again .
the beams were extremely fast . some of them managed to reach noah while he deployed his movement technique . light invaded the shadow domain again , and part of it crashed on noah's body .
fuming holes appeared on noah's back . the light created a scorching sensation that seemed about to reach his very existence . part of his darkness vanished after those attacks seeped inside his body .
- can it even affect my existence? !
 noah shouted in his mind without stopping his charge .
his instincts felt intense danger . everything about otto appeared meant to counter his existence . noah was against a law belonging to heaven and earth's light !
****
author's notes: the others on the discord already knew about this . i'm writing a second story . it will have a western setting and sci-fi elements . the name of the new novel is (chaos' heir) . give it a look if you want . anyway , i'd like to point out that demonic sword will always have priority in my writing schedule , so don't worry about that .








chapter 1665 - 1665 . blackness
noah didn't want to send attacks directly inside otto's body . it was clear that his figure had only light to offer , and he didn't want to endure that threatening damage anymore .
roots and dark matter covered noah's figure and gave him his usual fiendish shape . a dark halo also spread inside the shadow domain as the parasite's corrosive aura flowed through the dimension .
the parasite's influence enlarged the shadow domain . the pressure generated by the magical plant could push the edges of the dimension backward and spread the technique until it reached noah's opponent .
otto didn't seem to care about the invisible threat . lumps of dense light continued to accumulate around him and send piercing beams that destroyed everything in the environment .
harold was still suffering from noah's suppression , but he had managed to hide inside the underground world before otto unleashed his destructive attack . needless to say , harold was cursing noah to no end .
a crack eventually appeared behind otto . the expert didn't bother to turn , but a diagonal cut suddenly divided his figure in half .
a burst of light exploded from the injury . noah didn't have the time to retreat , and the attack ended up engulfing him . his figure shot backward , but the radiant energy didn't manage to touch his skin .
the light was trying to reach noah's body , but the parasite's corrosive energy destroyed it before it could touch the fiendish armor . the dark matter remained intact , but some roots crumbled during the exchange .
the parasite absorbed more of noah's energy to grow . his figure obtained sharper features after more roots joined the defensive array .
noah became a dark spot immersed inside heaven and earth's whiteness . he was a flaw that tainted that pure perfection .
dense spheres of light continued to gather above him and discharge their piercing attacks . a rain of blinding beams fell toward the ground and tried to converge in his position . otto's offensive had never stopped , and it seemed to have no end .
the corrosive aura kept noah safe , but he had to wave his swords whenever too many beams converged on his position . his abilities could fend off part of those attacks , but he couldn't handle the full power of the sky .
noah entered the shadow domain when he found an opening among the barrage of light . otto's body had healed , but noah quickly appeared above him and cut his figure in half .
- i can't continue like this !
 noah shouted in his mind while waving his blades to destroy the beams of light that flew toward his figure .
read online free
his flames came out of his mouth as the dark world expanded . noah didn't dare to summon his companions for fear that the light could affect their existence , but they were screaming to come out . night's voice was the loudest among them due to his deep hatred toward that whiteness .
- let me out !
 night roared through the mental connection .
- give me the chance to fight !

a rain of beams pierced the dark world and his sea of flames . noah watched as light invaded his domain and tried to find him among that blackness .
his situation was far from good . his attacks were useless , and he suffered injuries whenever he landed a blow . noah didn't even know if otto had a limit , but he could understand that the battle would end in a loss if it continued like that .
- my existence seems useless here .
noah sighed while light invaded the dark world .
a heavy presence eventually landed on his mind . heaven and earth had found him . they redirected otto's attacks toward him and released a tight array of beams .
the darkness that had tried to cover the sky quickly disappeared . noah could see blinding light invading his vision . the attacks were about to land on his figure , but he didn't activate the shadow domain again .
- take my potential .
noah thought right before the beams could land on his figure .
the beams stopped right above his skin . they didn't move anymore . the strange event managed to attract otto's attention , who turned to show a confused expression .
otto raised his hands , and more light condensed in the sky . noah was out in the open , so the expert could send the entirety of his attack toward him .
a wave of whiteness flew toward noah . the beams fused to create a raging sea of light that tried to crash on his figure . however , the attack stopped before reaching his figure .
otto didn't know what was happening , but the answer to his doubts arrived in the next instant . dense ambition spread from noah's figure , but that power didn't affect his cultivation level .
(destroy this place .) noah whispered as growls fused with his human voice .
the bloodl .u .s .t that had acc .u .mulated in his mind retracted as a large figure materialized above his head . the pterodactyl gave voice to a roar that sent sharp soundwaves through the white array and destroyed its structure .
noah's potential and bloodl .u .s .t flowed inside night and increased its power . the violent thoughts generated by the demonic deduction technique also amassed in his mind before reaching the pterodactyl .
night reached the middle tier in an instant , and its power continued to increase . it soon touched the edges of the tier and stopping before spreading into the next level .
(with pleasure .) night roared , and its figure disappeared .
the light around noah shattered at that point . a series of black cuts opened through its structure and filled the entire area with darkness .
a black patch had appeared among the sky , and that color didn't come from techniques or spells . night had destroyed the light while it was inside noah's figure , so the area turned dark on its own .
otto tried to wave his hands , but he soon discovered that his limbs were falling toward the ground . a burst of light came out of his figure , but cuts opened through its structure and generated another black patch .
(what is happening? !) otto shouted , but his head disappeared after he finished his line .
light tried to come out of his injury again , but night destroyed it before it could spread in the environment . black patches continued to accumulate around otto , and his body soon vanished among that blackness .
heaven and earth immediately began to rebuild the expert , but night was relentless . the pterodactyl shot toward the lumps of light condensing high in the sky and severed the laws in their fabric .
then , night flew across the sky and opened a long cut in the very whiteness of the sky . a black patch that spread through entire regions began to float among heaven and earth's shining light .
it seemed that the creature could bring the immortal lands to a state where light didn't exist . night was forcefully severing the whiteness to make room for the darkness .
(this won't be enough to defeat me !) otto shouted . (i can hear heaven and earth whispering your name into my ears . noah balvan ! the world wants you dead !)
(you aren't fighting me .) noah laughed while sitting cross-legged in the air and filling the area with black flames .
noah had used his potential to force night to grow . he had even given his bloodl .u .s .t to the creature , and he was continuing to provide violent thoughts to its mind .
it was clear that his existence couldn't handle otto's power , but night was a different being . it was a magical beast , one of heaven and earth's sworn enemies , and noah's existence had even tainted its species .
the pterodactyl was the perfect creature to deal with heaven and earth's light , and noah could sense its ecstasy through the mental connection . night was having the time of its life on the battlefield .
****









chapter 1666 - 1666 . winner
otto didn't know how to stop night . his senses couldn't keep track of the pterodactyl's movements , and even heaven and earth's enhancements failed to make him understand where the creature was .
it wasn't only a matter of speed . night never stopped destroying light . it severed laws even as it flew from one spot to another .
heaven and earth didn't manage to pinpoint its position because the creature destroyed the light before it could gather information . night seemed able to counter the whiteness perfectly , and the world couldn't do anything to stop it .
(this is for all the years that you have forced me to spend underground !) night roared while blackness opened behind it .
heaven and earth tried to send more light and rebuild otto , but night was too fast . it attacked every radiant sphere that tried to gather in the sky before resuming its relentless destruction .
noah didn't need to do anything in that situation . he had unleashed the perfect creature for the job , so he could relax and focus on his recovery while he bathed in the darkness that spread through the area .
the sky crackled in anger , but it didn't resort to the heaven tribulation . the world was already spending an immense amount of energy to rebuild otto , and it had learnt by now how useless that punishment was with noah .
otto didn't know what to think . he had sacrificed his existence to become part of heaven and earth's system . he had achieved immortality , and his power could go beyond the limits of liquid stage cultivators .
however , night lived to destroy light . its entire existence was a source of darkness . it even generated blackness whenever it severed laws .
noah's ambition and his violent thoughts improved night's innate ability . the pterodactyl could use noah's bloodl .u .s .t to strengthen its ability to destroy the light .
the result of that empowerment was an overwhelming performance . night had filled the sky with large black cuts that covered entire regions . whiteness still spread for most of the area , but night wouldn't let even a tiny brim of light go .
noah let night's emotions flow inside his mind , but he didn't forget his position . heaven and earth had managed to suppress him . he would have been forced to flee if it weren't for his companion .
- this was only a case .
noah thought as black spots spread in the immense whiteness .
- i've casually met an opponent who could counter my abilities due to heaven and earth's help . it wasn't a punishment made for me .
great builder's words were still vivid in his mind . noah knew that heaven and earth would eventually create a punishment meant for his existence . his very law could become his enemy on that occasion , and it was clear that he wasn't ready to face that .
readnovelfull .com
moreover , normal projects wouldn't work against heaven and earth . everything would be pointless if those existences created something able to counter his law . after all , they had managed to kill monsters like great builder and supreme thief through those punishments .
noah needed something more . he couldn't allow himself to die like those rank 9 experts , but the only path that could solve his issue involved the experiments with the devils .
his law would become able to counter heaven and earth's suppression if he managed to obtain the devils' power . yet , the procedure could be the very end of his existence .
- what's the best path?
 noah wondered without moving his eyes from the sky .
noah had already decided to experiment with the devils , but he didn't feel any pressure toward that procedure . however , otto had shown him how heaven and earth could exploit his flaws , and that forced him to consider approaching the transformation sooner .
- i need to speed up the testing phase .
noah sighed .
- i need to get reckless again .
king elbass' pellets helped noah with the experiments , but they were also a safe approach . they could only absorb and express noah's law , but there was a limit to how close it was to the original .
- right .
noah suddenly recalled before turning toward the ground .
- i forgot about harold .
noah glanced at the sky one last time before shooting downward . countless cracks had opened on the uneven ground of the other side of the immortal lands due to otto's offensive . the environment had transformed , but harold's presence was still strong in noah's mind .
noah moved away boulders and large pieces of shattered ground before finding a tunnel that led deeper into the terrain . his connection with the spell that restrained harold led him deeper into that path , and a sorry human figure soon appeared in his view .
(curse you !) harold shouted as tremors ran through his body . (you could have lifted my restraints at least !)
(i honestly forgot about you .) noah shrugged his shoulders before lifting the suppression .
power finally flowed back into harold's tissues . his centers of power resumed their usual functioning , and the tremors quickly stopped . noah had made him too weak for that battlefield , but the expert could calm down now .
(is this how you treat your underlings? !) harold complained . (how did your organization even survive until now?)
(you are fine .) noah laughed . (i don't see the problem . just get stronger before this happens again .)
harold's complexion paled . he had seen part of otto's power , so he could understand how dangerous experts who had a connection with heaven and earth were .
the sole thought of facing another immortal expert made harold shudder . those were matters that involved the rulers of the world . any cultivator would hesitate before fighting them .
still , noah seemed at ease with the whole situation . it didn't matter how powerful his opponents were . he wouldn't retreat as long as he had a chance to win .
(do you think that there are others of them?) harold asked as he calmed himself down .
(there must be .) noah sighed . (heaven and earth have maintained control over the immortal lands even after many experts reached the ninth rank . i expect them to have a few immortal armies .)
noah's thoughts went on the cities inside the sky , but he didn't reveal their existence to harold . it was better to keep a few secrets , especially when it came to an expert he couldn't trust .
harold went silent . he lowered his eyes as countless thoughts ran through his mind .
the expert had to admit that joining heaven and earth's faction sounded like the only reasonable option . they could grant immortality . that alone would be enough to make many organizations lose their will to fight .
his force knew a lot about heaven and earth , but harold had consistently failed to understand how powerful they were . otto's battle had made him realize how influential they could be , and the situation appeared doomed for those who wanted to oppose them .
(thinking about switching sides?) noah asked while giving voice to a laugh .
harold quickly raised his eyes , but a tinge of surprise appeared on his face when he noticed that noah wasn't mad . he seemed pretty relaxed , as if he didn't care about that topic at all .
(how can you be so at ease?) harold asked . (heaven and earth can resurrect cultivators , and we are walking inside their world ! no one can win this fight . the cultivation journey has always been rigged !)
(every system has flaws .) noah said while digging his way back to the surface . (perfection doesn't exist in this world . there is always something that you can exploit , a path that can lead you to victory . it's only about how hard it is to walk through it .)
(did you find the path to defeat heaven and earth?) harold asked while following noah .
harold wanted to ask more questions , but the sight of the outside world left him speechless . he couldn't find the light of the sky anywhere . the entire area was dark , and only the azure light of the ground illuminated the environment .
the expert found himself unable to move his eyes from the black sky . it was theoretically impossible to obtain such a strange scenery in the immortal lands , but harold couldn't reject his senses . noah had defeated heaven and earth's light , even if only in a small area .
(maybe .) noah answered while glancing at the sky , and a huge figure soon landed next to him .
night had come back as the winner of the fight .








chapter 1667 - 1667 . taunt
the large patch of black sky and the sight of the pterodactyl reassured noah . night had done it . the creature had defeated heaven and earth's cultivator , and it had brought a tinge of darkness into the world .
harold didn't know how to express himself . the night was filling his vision . he had never seen a world so dark , but the scene was too captivating to divert his eyes .
instead , noah watched that scene with a tinge of melancholy . his eyes saw the blackness , but that only depicted a small victory . he aimed to destroy the very essence of the whiteness , so he couldn't feel satisfied with the small achievement .
still , noah patted night's strange body . the creature's cultivation level fell , but it remained inside the middle tier . the pterodactyl had advanced due to noah's potential , but its power couldn't stay at the peak of the middle tier . it fell at the bottom of the level until it stabilized .
night didn't mind that . it knew that its power came from noah's ambition , so it accepted the decrease in cultivation level . it even remained with its head raised toward the sky while it watched the area remaining dark .
- the demonic sword will advance with me .
noah thought while summarizing the state of his companions .
- snore still needs a bit , but duanlong should be close . i need more energy . this world must grant me enough to improve my companions .
two of his companions had reached the middle tier . the parasite was an exception since it depended on noah's power , but night and the others followed a normal cultivation journey .
night had taken noah's potential to reach the middle tier and settle at that level . the process was necessary to defeat the light , and noah didn't regret using his law for that empowerment .
it didn't matter how noah used his law . he was already stronger than any gaseous stage hybrid and cultivator . his ambition could provide potential whenever he wanted .
(this is only the second lake .) noah exclaimed at some point . (we have far more to explore .)
(do you plan to destroy every settlement that follows heaven and earth?) harold asked , but his voice carried doubts .
harold didn't know where he belonged . he wanted to join heaven and earth due to the immortality related to that action , but he had also seen noah's power .
the dark sky was a scene that very few experts recalled . it was almost impossible to fill the immortal lands with that blackness , but noah had succeeded in the task .
moreover , noah didn't use any trick . the blackness in the sky came from the pure absence of whiteness . night had ensured that heaven and earth couldn't reach that environment anytime soon , and harold could only respect that feature .
readnovelfull
(you are free .) noah eventually sighed while withdrawing the sword-shaped energy from harold's body . (i don't care about your intentions . just go if you want to remain within heaven and earth's system .)
harold didn't know how to answer that . he had almost made up his mind about being a slave , but noah had suddenly freed him .
(why?) harold asked .
he couldn't utter any other word . harold was speechless . noah had done far more than any other leader . he had given total freedom to his underling , even if he knew that his action could lead to crises .
(it's pointless to have puppets .) noah explained without moving his eyes from the sky . (you are yourself . do what you want and join my organization when you feel like it . i don't even mind if you turn me to the others . you can put the whole world against me as long as you force my existence to evolve .)
harold had no idea how to express himself . conflicting feelings filled his mind . part of him wanted to see where noah's path led , but other instincts only desired to obey heaven and earth .
the conflict in his mind ended up in a draw . harold couldn't decide which faction to support , so he followed his instincts . it only took an instant before he found himself filling cups of wine on the crumbled surface .
(i shall drink one to you , noah balvan .) harold exclaimed while raising his cup . (i want to oppose you , but you have given me experiences that my family couldn't offer . i wish our situation were different .)
noah glanced toward harold before taking one of the cups . the wine couldn't do anything to his mental sphere , but noah still hoped that the exchange could lead to something interesting .
still , noah felt disappointed to discover that nothing came in his direction . heaven and earth's energy dispersed in the air and returned as part of the world . they didn't care that noah had won against otto .
(how was it?) noah asked while turning toward the pterodactyl .
(i feel complete .) night replied . (i can destroy everything as long as it's light . my hatred runs too deeply to know when to stop .)
noah didn't know how to feel at that exclamation . his thoughts went in far different fields . he wanted to know how possible it was to transform his existence while being a rank 8 living hybrid .
the answer was obviously unclear . noah knew far too well how dangerous it was to affect his existence . his very law and path depended on that , but he still wanted to change it .
(let's move .) noah eventually ordered , and the duo left .
harold decided to explore cracks , but he didn't find anything . the other side couldn't offer much in its destroyed state , and noah knew that far too well to waste time .
noah watched as harold made up his mind and followed him . noah didn't know what to say to his new underling , especially when it came to inspiring him . still , he decided to be himself and let his existence flow into harold .
(let's make a mess .) noah exclaimed while shooting forward .
he had nothing else to offer . noah was chaos that heaven and earth had to fix , and he intended to remain like that . his existence also spread , and the world couldn't do anything about that . night had already created a black area where living beings could experience life without light .
(the sky here is clear .) noah announced , (but there are far more places in the world with whiteness . let's cover the sky with darkness until something big comes in our way . actually , let's do that in a few years .)
(are you serious?) harold asked . (why would you even test heaven and earth?)
(challenges lead to improvements .) noah explained . (also , i have something in mind already . i expect the world to give me a punishment once i complete my new project .)
(how can you be so sure of that?) harold asked .
(heaven and earth must be fair , even in their unfairness .) noah continued . (they can give you unsurmountable challenges , but they must give you enough time to prepare for that punishment . you see them as powerful existences , but they are nothing more than broken rulers in my mind .)
harold understood noah's speech . it was crazy , and it had countless flaws that only experts in heaven and earth's system could accept . yet , he made sense , and it also managed to inspire harold .
noah had seen an immortal liquid stage cultivator , but he had found a way out of that situation . the world had even suffered from his offensive . it was as if the higher plane had confirmed that noah was right about his ideas , and harold could only choose to follow him for the time being .








chapter 1668 - 1668 . hurry
harold followed noah without giving voice to complaints . the expert had recognized noah's worth , so he was willing to see where his existence led .
noah didn't have anything set in mind . he was only following the map toward the next floating lake . everything else depended on what he found in his destination .
the duo flew for years until they reached their third destination . they avoided devils and sharks as usual , but the scenery they found once they found their target left them disappointed .
noah and harold found a floating lake , but its structure had crumbled . the inscriptions and water were in pieces . it was clear that something or someone had attacked those defenses and had won the battle .
the duo still inspected the insides of the broken structure , but they didn't find anything interesting . the assailants had even destroyed the experts' space-rings during the attack . the place was empty .
(let's go .) noah ordered after confirming that the broken floating lake was empty .
harold could only oblige with his orders . he still imagined himself as a slave , but part of him felt glad that noah was in charge of that mission .
noah was clearly trying to create a plan against heaven and earth , and his recent victories made him the perfect existence for the task . harold had seen a dark sky for the first time in eras thanks to him , and he wouldn't forget that scene .
the duo continued to fly . noah had to take his usual breaks from time to time since he had long since abandoned any form of protection against the white sky . his mind was under constant pressure , but he had eventually become used to that pain .
still , he needed to dispel the acc .u .mulated stress every few years . noah's mind didn't really need that treatment , but it only benefitted the center of power in the end . investing a few years in that process wasn't an issue for rank 8 existences .
the breaks gave noah and harold time to focus on their projects . noah was unaware of his underling's intentions , but he had too many experiments to complete . he didn't have the time to mind an expert that he had already defeated .
noah moved his main project toward the next stage even if his experiments didn't give promising results . heaven and earth were too powerful to care about his safety . noah felt the need to transform his existence , so he didn't hesitate to test the chaotic laws with his existence .
of course , the tests happened in a safe environment . noah didn't use king elbass' pellets anymore . he let his ambition fill part of the dark world before releasing the devils' aura and studying its effects .
it was hard to force such chaotic energy to follow a precise path . noah failed even when it came to simple purposes that didn't match his existence . he needed something far more influential to force that power to follow his desires , but he could only test different combinations of laws for the time being .
novelstoday
noah tried his various features , but he always obtained random transformations . he even decided to fight a pack of sharks at some point to study their innate abilities , but he didn't find anything that could tell him how to force the mutations to work for him .
the devils were pure chaotic beings . they existed to transform laws , and their fuel was the other world's will .
- i've already confirmed that i can't suppress that will .
noah thought during the travel .
- the other world's will is too massive . my existence can't handle it .
noah had felt the other world's will the first time he had interacted with the chaotic laws . he had quickly severed his connection with that power . still , it seemed that the key to the success of his procedure came from that detail .
noah didn't feel good about that discovery . he was arrogant , but he knew that he couldn't fight the will generated by an entire plane . his existence was powerful , but there was a limit to how much he could do .
- this feels like a leap of faith .
noah concluded in his mind .
there was no science behind the procedure . even king elbass would find it almost impossible to perform . the power of change came from an entire lower plane , which meant that he had to seize that will before even thinking about using its power .
noah soon understood that he would approach the final phase of that procedure only when his existence reached a bottleneck or heaven and earth became too hard to handle . that decision didn't leave him disappointed . it actually satisfied him to the point that he decided to reach other foreign forces again .
an intact floating lake soon appeared in their vision . noah and harold didn't do anything different from the usual . they approached the structure and stopped once white lines appeared around the uneven azure sphere .
the environment was identical to the previous intact lakes . the inscriptions were part of the world , and the experts could barely sense them .
noah even prepared his offensive at that sight . he firmly suspected that the lake would contain heaven and earth's followers , and he didn't want to fight experts at otto's level again . he wanted to go for a clean kill , which meant drawing the cursed sword if necessary .
(castor , rebecca , and melissa have sent us to gather experts for a great army .) noah shouted while remaining at the edges of the inscriptions . (i don't want to fight . an envoy should be enough to settle this matter .)
noah had been honest , but the experts living inside the floating lake took his announcement far more seriously .
a tunnel appeared among the floating lake , and four experts came out of it . they were all rank 8 cultivators in the liquid stage , but their power seemed to linger near the might of the upper tier .
(i have never seen you around .) one of the three women exclaimed .
(i haven't been around for long .) noah replied while ignoring the expert .
noah had no intention to indulge in those trivial conversations . he felt too out of place to be among those people . he had a few good friends there , but they were far away , probably exploring other floating lakes .
(do you follow heaven and earth?) noah promptly asked while placing a hand on one of the leaders' shoulders .
the leader didn't sense the danger generated by noah's figure . noah was doing his best to suppress his existence , and the laws of space that he had recently obtained made him able to fake any ill intention that he harbored .
noah wanted to be ready to deal with the leader immediately , but the expert didn't show any fear . he kept his eyes fixed on noah , and an unexpected answer came out of his mouth .
(we actually are against heaven and earth .) the man among the leaders said .
noah didn't know if he could trust them , but his senses told him that he couldn't be paranoid . it would take a long conversation to unravel their real intentions , and he wasn't in a hurry to return .








chapter 1669 - 1669 . paranoia
the announcement of the four leaders made noah hesitate . he accepted their hospitality and followed them inside on the buildings meant to accommodate powerful experts .
harold was with noah the whole time , but the expert managed to remain calm even when the duo entered the lair of potential enemies .
in theory , it was better to attack before asking questions . gaining the upper hand over those natives would grant noah and harold the chance to understand their real intentions . moreover , it would also put them in a favorable position since they wouldn't be in the middle of multiple defensive arrays .
(why were you so keen on asking if we belonged to heaven and earth's system?) the man , delbert , asked while pouring strong wine and offering cups to noah and harold .
noah still felt that he could be slightly overbearing due to his new movement technique , but it would be hard to discern the leaders' true intentions anyway .
he couldn't help but feel paranoid . heaven and earth were too powerful and influential . everything could belong to a scheme meant to get rid of existences who opposed their system .
(because i kill heaven and earth's followers .) noah replied while studying the leaders' reactions .
delbert gave voice to a faint laugh . one of the women , delia , imitated him , while the other two widened their eyes . the two experts felt surprised that a gaseous stage existence could be so brazen about such a tricky topic .
(does this mean that you would have attacked us if our answer were different?) iris , one of the women , asked .
(of course .) noah laughed . (i would have destroyed the entire lake and all its inhabitants . i plan to make this side of the immortal lands escape heaven and earth's system .)
(how can you even talk like this when your power barely meets the requirements to affect this world?) moira , the last leader , asked .
(i'll gladly show you if you don't mind .) noah said in a cold tone . (i need more followers anyway . i still can't make the whole world fall on my own .)
harold coughed when he heard about noah's organization . he was free now , but he had tested noah's recruitment methods first-hand , and the process was far from pleasant .
(what makes you think that you can barge into our home and act all bossy?) moira snorted .
(this is a prison .) noah growled , (not a home .)
the growl alerted the four leaders about noah's species . he had done that on purpose to gain more value in their eyes and test their reactions once again .
the leaders appeared surprised but in a pleasant way . the fact that noah was a hybrid didn't scare them away nor trigger ill intentions . a tinge of respect even appeared in their eyes .
after all , noah wasn't only a gaseous stage cultivator anymore . his hybrid status gave more value to his body , which granted him liquid stage battle prowess since it was in the middle tier .
the four leaders glanced at harold , but the expert shook his head . he was a normal human , and that short gesture was enough to remove their doubts .
(a prison is better than the outside world .) moira eventually continued . (heaven and earth have messed up big time during the absorption of the other plane . they have doomed most of the population of the immortal lands .)
(the other side is still thriving .) noah added , (but i don't understand how this information failed to surprise you . how can you know that heaven and earth have sent reinforcements if you aren't their followers?)
noah had mentioned that information twice already , but the leaders didn't react at all . he could let it pass the first time , but he understood that something was up now .
(why would we reveal our secrets to strangers?) moira laughed . (you are right . we are aware that heaven and earth have asked for reinforcements , and it was clear that you weren't from here . still , we won't reveal anything to potential enemies .)
noah could finally understand what was happening . he felt almost sure that the four leaders weren't heaven and earth's followers after studying their reactions , but that led to an obvious issue .
the leaders shared his paranoia . they couldn't understand if noah and harold were spies sent by heaven and earth to remove them from the floating lake .
it was hard to confirm anything when they had heaven and earth as opponents . everything could be a trick , and both sides hesitated to trust each other .
silence fell among the group . noah and the others limited themselves to take sips from their cups while they let their mind study the issue . they couldn't find a solution right away , but noah eventually had an idea that could work .
(heaven and earth's followers can express their previous existence , even if in a weaker form .) noah explained . (we should just fight and see if our laws are up to our cultivation level .)
(do you really want to fight us?) moira asked . (we might be in the liquid stage , but our battle prowess is almost about to touch the higher level . don't underestimate our laws .)
(don't underestimate me .) noah replied coldly , and silence followed his words .
noah's idea made sense , but the leaders didn't know if it were part of a trap . they were still wary of heaven and earth's tactics , so they didn't want to reveal anything to those guests .
however , they wouldn't accomplish anything if they remained still . noah had given an option at least , and the conditions were in the leaders' favor . after all , the fight would happen inside the floating lake under their control .
the leaders exchanged a series of mental messages before reaching a conclusion . a curious expression appeared on moira's face before she explained what they had decided .
(i will fight you .) moira announced . (i must warn you . i won't hold back , and my allies will activate the defenses as soon as they sense something tricky . you should reconsider your position if you have something to hide .)
(i should say the same to you .) noah smiled . (don't let me touch you .)
his battle intent seeped through his words , and a chill ran down delbert's spine . he had let noah touch his shoulder during the initial meeting . that short exchange could have been fatal to him .
the leaders led noah and harold into an isolated area of the floating lake . the duo couldn't see any cultivator on their path since moira and the others had cleared the way beforehand .
noah and harold couldn't understand the actual power of that force since the leaders kept hiding their underlings . yet , noah believed that everything would improve once both sides proved that they didn't belong to heaven and earth .
a large training area soon unfolded in their vision . walls made of a sturdy black metal that seemed able to absorb (breath) covered the whole hall and created the perfect battlefield for experts that didn't want to go all-out .
(we don't have this metal on the other side of the immortal lands .) noah said while studying the walls .
(it's quite useful when you want to contain (breath) or specific dangerous existences .) moira explained . (we managed to contain a devil for some time with this metal .)
(some time?) noah asked .
(the devil eventually transformed the metal .) moira sighed . (we lost many valuable cultivators on that day .)








chapter 1670 - 1670 . name
noah and moira went on opposite sides of the training area . harold and the other leaders remained on the sidelines , near the black walls , but they still activated defensive spells to prepare for the imminent exchanges .
(do what you want .) moira shouted . (i won't be the first to attack against a gaseous stage existence .)
- how much should i hide?
 noah wondered before waving his hand .
a torrent of slashes came out of his fingers . still , the attacks transformed into singularities while they flew toward their target . noah's sharpness also intensified and filled the training area , creating an environment where his blows could reach their peak .
the singularities surprised the leaders . noah's slashes were peculiar attacks that featured a strange structure . they seemed empty , but they contained noah's broad law .
the leaders felt strange at that sight . they could sense that noah's law didn't only contain sharpness . it featured multiple details that they couldn't understand during that short exchange .
the fact that noah had reached the eighth rank even if his law were so complex spoke for his talent . everyone knew how arduous the cultivation journey was , so noah immediately became a genius in their eyes .
moira had to deploy a defensive spell to block the singularities . she snapped her fingers , and a series of sparks appeared in front of the attacks . she seemed able to generate them directly in front of the slashes , and a loud explosion followed the impact .
the sparks stopped the singularities before dispersing into the training area . the black metal absorbed the energy that flowed toward them , and peace returned on the battlefield .
(you definitely are worthy of the gaseous stage .) moira commented . (however , i don't see how you hoped to defeat all of us with this little power . we are leagues above you .)
- she sure likes to taunt .
noah sighed in his mind before crouching forward .
his figure suddenly disappeared . noah didn't deploy his new movement technique . the sheer power discharged by his legs had been enough to make him disappear from the experts' senses .
noah's figure reappeared above moira . he slashed his leg downward and launched a straight singularity that fell toward his opponent .
moira had managed to sense noah after he stopped to attack . she promptly snapped her fingers , and sparks gathered in front of the singularity to stop its descent .
the slash and the sparks dispersed , but noah moved in front of moira during the clash . his hands took the shape of swords while he thrust them forward .
that was a finishing move . noah only needed to touch moira to destroy her figure . however , a crackling noise suddenly filled the training area . his hands had clashed with a series of sparks that floated in front of his opponent .
the sparks ravaged his skin and opened long cracks on his fingers , but his hands remained mostly intact . noah didn't even retract them . he used his physical strength to push them deeper into the crackling defensive array in an attempt to reach his opponent .
the sheer strength contained in noah's body left moira speechless . she had fought many middle tier magical beasts throughout her life , but none of them featured such sturdy skin .
her cultivation level fueled that defensive spell . her sparks were techniques with power in the liquid stage . in theory , they had to blow away noah's arms at that distance .
yet , noah's limbs remained intact . he was even succeeding in pushing them deeper into the crackling array . his physical strength and resilience didn't seem to belong to the middle tier at all !
(that's as far as you'll go .) moira snorted as the sparks that protected her grew unstable .
the crackling noise intensified until a massive wave of energy exploded outward and engulfed noah . he found himself back on the other side of the training hall when his vision recovered , and a series of cracks now covered his whole body .
(i hope you don't mind my previous attack .) moira politely explained . (i knew that you would be able to endure it .)
noah scratched the side of his head before pointing at her cheek . moira's attention suddenly went on that spot . a cut had opened on her face , and a few drops of blood were flowing out of it .
(i hope you don't mind that i've decided to hold back until you take me seriously .) noah shrugged his shoulders . (i could have taken your head before . it's simply too easy when my opponents underestimate me .)
three different auras surged forward . the leaders on the sidelines immediately deployed their laws when they saw that noah could actually kill their companion , but moira waved her hand to make them stop .
(don't dishonor me like this !) moira shouted to her companions . (this is my fault . i didn't think that he could be so strong .)
the three leaders shot hateful glances toward noah before retracting their auras . the latter laughed at that gesture , but a cold expression soon appeared on his face .
moira wasn't weak , but she didn't use even a quarter of her power during those exchanges . she didn't feel the need to rely on all her abilities against an expert in the gaseous stage .
it didn't even matter that noah was a hybrid . moira was ready for his physical attacks . yet , she had to rethink her whole strategy after noah showed that he wasn't a normal expert .
moira glanced toward harold before focusing on noah again . the expert didn't try to do anything when the other leaders released their auras . harold had no intention to help noah , and she saw that as proof of his power .
of course , she couldn't know that harold still had doubts about noah and his organization . he would probably help him in specific situations , but the fight with the leaders wasn't something that concerned him .
the misunderstanding made moira take the matter more seriously . her consciousness expanded and covered the entire training hall . her dense mental waves enveloped noah , but they couldn't go past his skin .
(what do you even hope to find?) noah asked while stretching his fingers to taunt his opponent .
(i want to know how much of your existence you are holding back .) moira replied .
(you can find it out if you are as strong as you promised .) noah added .
his last reply put an end to the time for words . moira's consciousness grew unstable before a series of sparks appeared above noah's skin . the attack discharged lightning bolts before he could even think about dodging the attack .
moira wasn't holding back now . the lightning bolts pierced noah's skin and tried to dig inside his body . yet , the black hole promptly filled his insides with dark matter and stopped that foreign energy .
the parasite also helped in the matter . its roots attacked the lightning bolts that fought against the dark matter and absorbed their power . the magical plant wouldn't let go of the chance to obtain free energy .
moira felt surprised once again . she couldn't understand what noah had done , but she knew that his insides contained powerful defenses . he could get rid of some of her strongest attacks at ease .
(i'm inclined to think that you don't belong to heaven and earth's system .) moira announced .
(how so?) noah asked while inspecting his injuries .
(you are far too strong for your level .) moira explained . (heaven and earth would never let someone like you roam freely through their world .)
(right , the speech about heaven and earth's fairness .) noah replied as the unstable substance flowed inside his black vessels and filled his body with power . (i think they will invent a new name for that once i reach the ninth rank .)








chapter 1671 - 1671 . laughs
noah's boasting didn't make moira lose her concentration , but her eyes widened when his figure disappeared again . she had been ready for that event , but she failed to sense him .
that was theoretically impossible . her consciousness covered the entire training area , but her mental waves had lost track of noah . he was moving faster than her thoughts .
a shield made of sparks immediately covered her figure , but a hole soon appeared in that defensive array . moira only managed to see a shadow before a cut spread through her defense and destroyed the entire spell .
moira detonated the sparks still lingering around her . a wave of energy shot outward and revealed a human figure approaching from her side . noah was about to attack her again , and she had less than an instant to react .
sparks appeared on noah's path . countless attacks ready to discharge lightning bolts gathered between moira and him , but he didn't stop his assault .
sparks began to explode on his skin and release their power as he pressed forward . noah was enduring those attacks with the sheer power contained in his body . the unstable substance made his skin able to shield him from moira's spell , but its might still tried to push him away .
noah inevitably slowed down while he shot through those storms of sparks . his body could endure their power , but moira became able to focus on his position due to the loss of speed .
moira succeeded in unleashing a second attack after slowing down noah's charge . she snapped her fingers , and a series of sparks appeared between her opponent and her .
the sparks didn't attack noah . they crashed on each other to create loud and unstable energy that took the shape of a thick lightning bolt . the attack then shot toward her opponent and hit him at the center of his c .h .e .s .t .
noah's physical might couldn't oppose the pushing force anymore at that point . the storms and the lightning bolt succeeded in making him lose his foothold . noah flew backward , and he soon crashed on the black walls .
moira decided to gain the upper hand in the battle . she left her position for the first time during the fight and flew after noah .
sparks gathered around her figure as she approached noah , and a series of lightning bolts slowly began to fill the entire training area .
noah could see that moira's domain was taking control of the training area . she was filling the environment with her law . it wouldn't take much before she could cast multiple versions of the last lightning bolt anywhere she wanted .
a roar came out of his c .h .e .s .t as the demonic sword left the separate space . noah promptly wielded the weapon and slashed forward to disperse part of the sparks filling the environment .
a series of singularities ran through the training area and destroyed the lightning bolts spreading from moira's figure . most attacks tried to reach the expert , but the array of sparks that protected her blocked the slashes and allowed her to continue the flight .
moira clashed with noah . she fell on him and released the full power contained in the sparks that had gathered around her . a massive discharge of energy engulfed noah , and his skin began to crack again , even if the unstable substance was still empowering his physical features .
- she can hurt me .
noah thought while black roots pierced his palm and shot forward .
the parasite's corrosive aura created a large hole in the flare of energy and shattered the few sparks that continued to protect moira's body . the expert felt the urgent need to retreat , but the roots managed to touch her before she could fly away .
moira landed on the other side of the training area and tried to summon more sparks , but a sharp pain suddenly reached her mind . her eyes went on the spot where the roots had touched her . she noticed that a black hole had appeared there .
the black spot didn't only hurt . the parasite had managed to taint moira with its corrosive aura , which eventually destroyed her skin and muscles while it tried to spread through her body .
moira had to cut away the tainted flesh to get rid of that corrosive energy , but her expression paled when she saw that strands of a dense black substance were flying in her direction .
the parasite had sent its toxic aura toward moira . noah had activated its new feature against the expert . she had to dodge , or the corrosive substance would force her to remove more pieces of her body .
moira flew away and escaped the corrosive aura , but noah suddenly appeared in front of her . he had predicted her escape route . his previous ranged attack with the parasite had only been a piece of his tactic .
noah waved his sword , but sparks began to clash among themselves right above moira's figure . a series of thick lightning bolts flew out of her when noah completed his attack , and singularities ended up crashing on those spells .
the result of that impact was a loud explosion that flung both experts away . noah and moira found themselves on opposite sides of the training area again , and cold smiles slowly appeared on their expression .
they seemed to be equally matched . the two experts were still holding most of their abilities back , but they didn't forget the purpose behind that fight .
both noah and moira wanted to confirm that their opponent didn't belong to heaven and earth's system . still , they had begun to enjoy the fight , and that could make them forget about that purpose .
(how much of your power did you deploy?) moira asked .
(i'd say half .) noah replied . (what about you?)
(more than half .) moira laughed . (don't tell me that you are actually stronger than me .)
(i told you that i was ready to destroy the entire floating lake .) noah snorted . (i've already dealt with two of them . one had a strong expert named otto , but i've taken care of him too .)
moira froze when she heard that name , and even the other leaders who had remained behind their defensive spells dispersed their techniques to inspect noah and harold .
harold could only nod at their glance . noah had taken care of those opponents , and he had also felt the same surprise back then .
(do you mean the cultivator with a light aptitude?) moira asked .
noah nodded and proceeded to describe his facial features . he even explained how he had fallen prey to heaven and earth's bribes after the world had turned upside-down .
(he was quite famous in our previous political environment .) moira revealed . (otto has performed many legendary deeds throughout his life . i struggle to believe that he has decided to join heaven and earth in the end .)
noah shrugged his shoulders . he couldn't speak for otto . the expert must have had his reasons to switch sides , and the power obtained after that decision definitely made everything worth it .
(otto is dead then .) moira sighed . (i wonder how many experts in the eighth rank still hide on this side of the immortal lands .)
(my previous words weren't a lie .) noah explained . (i've really met castor , rebecca , and melissa . they are gathering an army to clear the plane and give it back to heaven and earth .)
(what is your plan then?) moira asked .
(i want the devils to win .) noah revealed , and a laugh inevitably escaped moira's mouth .
the three leaders on the sidelines also ended up laughing . they weren't mocking noah . the four experts felt honestly excited about that mission .
****
author's notes: the others on the discord already knew about this . i'm writing a second story . it will have a western setting and sci-fi elements . the name of the new novel is (chaos' heir) . give it a look if you want . anyway , i'd like to point out that demonic sword will always have priority in my writing schedule , so don't worry about that .








chapter 1672 - 1672 . tour
noah and the leaders found a silent agreement , and the four experts could finally reveal what their floating lake hid without fearing repercussions from heaven and earth .
the four leaders gave noah time to handle his injuries before summoning him to a different building . harold was already with them , but noah was surprised to find that other cultivators had appeared .
noah could see experts running through the various structures or occupying certain areas . the leaders didn't hide the power of their force anymore . the other cultivators could come out and resume their usual routine .
the new building was black since the strange black metal covered walls , ceilings , and floors . the experts utilized that structure as a prison , and they didn't hesitate to lead noah and harold toward its more protected levels .
many cells ran through noah's vision , but only a few of them contained prisoners . all of them had traces of blood and still carried the smell of other experts , but it seemed that the leaders had long since taken care of them .
a series of rank 8 cultivators eventually appeared once the group reached the most protected floors . they were additional guards who ensured that the experts inside those cells couldn't even think about getting out .
(we didn't all decide to remain against heaven and earth .) moira explained while showing the various experts trapped inside the cells . (a fierce internal fight happened a few months after we settled in this structure . our side won , but we spared some of the experts to gather intel .)
- this explains why they were aware of our arrival .
noah thought while inspecting the cultivators inside the cells .
those experts had suffered severe injuries , and many of them even affected their centers of power . they couldn't express their cultivation level anymore , but the leaders were using inscribed items and drugs to keep them alive .
(did you discover something interesting?) noah asked .
(not really .) moira sighed . (heaven and earth are an open book if studied with the right methods , but the sheer amount of information they contain is immense . obtaining what you want is almost impossible unless they choose to reveal it .)
(it has taken us a long time to learn about your arrival .) delbert continued . (your role is to lead to the final battle for this side of the immortal lands . it seems that our current situation would have only led to the devils' victory , so heaven and earth have decided to act .)
instead , the arrival of noah's group stirred things up . they could take care of gathering the other forces and create an army capable of opposing the devils .
of course , noah didn't believe that heaven and earth's plan ended there . his group only counted thirty experts , and they were nothing more than liquid stage cultivators at best . such a weak force couldn't affect matters that concerned the whole world .
- what are they even planning?
 noah wondered while the leaders led him outside of the prisons to show him the other buildings .
a vague idea slowly formed in noah's mind as he reviewed the issue . heaven and earth were sloppy , but they remained the most powerful existences in the world .
mistakes could happen , but noah didn't believe that heaven and earth could mess up when it came to such an important matter . the devils could take control of the entire plane , so it made no sense that heaven and earth didn't give better instructions .
- how powerful is the will of an entire plane?
 noah wondered .
- it might take eras to consume it , especially since it continues to spread . yet , it must deplete energy to cause the mutations .
every power needed fuel . the amount of energy at the disposal of an entire plane was immense , but it wasn't unlimited , especially since it didn't have ways to gather more of it .
the mutations brought the matter under the control of the other world's will , but that didn't increase its energy reserves . noah even believed that the absorbed plane depleted power to spread and generate devils .
- maybe heaven and earth only want us to accelerate the inevitable death of the other plane's will .
noah concluded in his mind .
- they don't want the army to win and clear the immortal lands . they only want them to put up a fight .
that conclusion sounded reasonable , and it even suited heaven and earth's methods . those rulers had never cared about their underlings . they would sacrifice them without giving it a second thought if the action led to positive outcomes .
- how do i use this to my advantage?
 noah wondered without revealing his conclusion to the leaders .
noah's plan was quite vague . he wanted the devils to win and take control of the plane , but he didn't have the tools to affect such a vast area . even the addition of moira's force wouldn't be enough for the task .
- i need a far bigger army .
noah concluded in his mind .
- the search for the other floating lakes must continue . also , i need to complete my project before the final battle starts .
exploring was the easy part . instead , fighting cultivators or entire forces that had decided to join heaven and earth's system could be fatal . otto had demonstrated how unprepared noah was , and his worries had only intensified after meeting moira and the others .
noah knew that he was strong . his battle prowess didn't make any sense . he was the most powerful gaseous stage existence in the world , and that title would remain even after advancing to the next level .
however , noah was against heaven and earth . those existences could resurrect cultivators at ease and create perfect countermeasures to his law .
all the power in the world couldn't help noah if heaven and earth decided to deploy their best tactics . they would eventually find an offensive that could take care of his law and companions , and noah wanted to find a solution before it was too late .
truth be told , noah had a solution at hand , but pursuing it led to numerous risks . tainting his existence with the chaotic laws was a gamble that no number of tests seemed able to improve .
noah's mood darkened as he went over the issue multiple times . the buildings inside the floating lake didn't interest him . he only wanted to obtain the perfect power to counter heaven and earth , but that required facing immense risks .
(what's your plan then?) moira asked after the group finished showing all the buildings .
(we must continue looking for other forces .) noah explained . (we are too weak right now . the other side is gathering an army , so we should do the same . it wouldn't hurt to kill as many heaven and earth's followers as possible during the process .)
(that's it?) delbert asked . (this doesn't sound like much .)
(i'm working on something that might turn the battle in our favor .) noah revealed . (we don't need to do much to win this fight . we only have to clear a path for the devils . i wonder if we can enhance their abilities .)
(do you want us to help the monsters that have destroyed our homes and killed many of our friends?) iris asked .
- i want you to become devils .
noah thought , but he kept those words in his mind .
the relationship with the leaders was still fragile , so noah didn't want to scare them away too soon . still , he had to set the foundation for that cooperation , especially since he wanted to leave already .








chapter 1673 - 1673 . orders
(i think you should remain here for the time being .) noah said once harold and him were alone .
the tour of the floating lake was over . the four leaders had even offered their support when it came to inscribed items and drugs . their inventory wasn't the best , but noah and harold appreciated that gesture nonetheless .
(you want me to leave already?) harold asked . (i thought your recruitment methods would be more convincing . do you even want me in your organization?)
(i have a dangerous project at hand .) noah explained . (things might get quite bad for me and those in my reach . this is for your own good .)
(how dangerous are we talking about?) harold snorted . (your battle prowess is incredible , but i'm quite strong too . i can help .)
noah couldn't help but glance at harold . the expert had already changed his opinion about noah's organization . he seemed inclined to join him and see more of his adventures .
- maybe i'm not too bad as a leader .
noah laughed in his mind , but his face remained stern .
(i have another job for you .) noah revealed , and a faint light began to shine in harold's eyes .
(finally , some action !) harold shouted .
(moira and the others don't want to leave this place .) noah explained . (they have been honest with us , but i can sense their hesitation . they would only force us to gather more troops before even considering abandoning these defenses .)
(that's only normal .) harold commented . (this is their home . they have lost many battles during the crisis . their hesitation isn't surprising .)
(i agree , but that's a big problem .) noah sighed . (i can't focus on gathering troops while also developing countermeasures to heaven and earth . it might not look like it , but we don't have much time . the others in our team have probably created a decent army already . we must speed things up on our side .)
harold fell silent . he could understand noah's point , but his approach had evident issues . the expert wouldn't mind continuing the exploration on his own , but he lacked the power to deal with threats like otto .
it would even be impossible for harold to perform as well as noah . he couldn't deal with an entire floating lake on his own . he lacked his explosive power and incredible battle prowess .
(what if we find another otto?) harold gave voice to his hesitation .
(that's why you need to convince the others .) noah explained . (having this entire force at your disposal would improve the task significantly . experts like otto would still be a problem , but you could rely on a proper army at least .)
(it won't be easy .) harold commented .
(it never is .) noah sighed . (we are against the very world that provides us with (breath) . i would be disappointed if the fight turned out to be easy .)
harold fell silent again . he knew that noah wasn't trying to leave the battlefield . he must have important reasons to decide to leave the recruitment to others .
(are you trying to get your hands on a game-changing power?) harold eventually asked .
(that's the plan .) noah revealed .
(i think i can handle this mission .) harold announced . (the others pretend to like it here , but they are secretly sick of this environment . their power will stagnate if they keep living here . i think they will decide to go out if i insist .)
(let's meet back in the first lake then .) noah ordered . (i will remain in the wilderness for a while , and i'll even try to gather more troops if everything goes well . yet , the final battle will probably happen there , so we can use it as our final destination .)
(how will i know when the time is right?) harold asked .
(i have the faint sensation that heaven and earth will warn us about that .) noah said . (they must be watching this environment closely . they'll probably trigger the battle themselves once their side gets enough troops .)
harold could only nod . heaven and earth were quite reliable when it came to those things . after all , they had made the whole mission possible . noah and the others would have never managed to reach the other side of the immortal lands on their own otherwise .
moreover , harold's task had a few positive aspects . he wouldn't be alone , and moira's force knew most of the experts in that world . they could warn him and prepare a few descriptions of every new organization that they met .
(make them leave .) noah reminded harold before leaving the buildings and entering the azure water . (gather many troops . kill as many heaven and earth's followers as you can . i'll try to return once everything is about to start .)
noah left without warning the leaders about his decision . his departure didn't go unnoticed , but harold took care of explaining the reasons behind his actions .
needless to say , moira and the others felt disappointed about that turn of events . they wanted to improve their relationship with noah before deciding on his plan . he was the leader of his force in the end . harold was only another underling .
yet , they could understand that the situation was about to become tense . heaven and earth would soon make their move . their followers were also gathering and creating an army . it wouldn't take much before everything was ready for the final battle against the devils .
noah flew on his own through the peculiar environments . he didn't follow the path toward the next floating lake , but he didn't even try to return to the first structure .
he didn't have a proper destination . noah only wanted to be as far as possible from areas that could contain cultivators or magical beasts . his project was too dangerous . he couldn't take unnecessary risks .
a broken plain that floated among the sky appeared in his vision . the landmass was upside down and featured vegetation on the wrong side , but noah found it perfect for his plans .
a few training sessions alternated the many experiments with the devils' chaotic laws . noah even depleted his stash at some point , and he had to leave the plain to hunt those creatures .
the experiments continued to lead to failures . in theory , everything had to work . noah's law was perfect for that power , but the mutations continued to overwhelm his existence .
it wasn't a matter of safety or approaches anymore . noah performed those experiments on pieces of his aura that he separated whenever the mutations went out of control . he was using the quickest method to obtain results , but he still failed to gain valuable insight into the matter .
- why is my ambition unable to control this power?
 noah sighed in his mind after another failure .
- i'm doing everything correctly , but the mutations keep going out of control . what am i missing?

noah continued to experiment for a while , but it eventually became clear that his approach wouldn't work . he had to come up with something different , and he had to do it quickly .
- i need to connect to the other world's will , don't i?
 noah sighed in his mind before filling the insides of his mental sphere with layers of dark matter .
his dark matter also covered his figure and applied many protective layers . noah was preparing his centers of power for the risky approach . his higher energy was the only substance that could buy him some time if the mutation went out of control .








chapter 1674 - 1674 . procedure
noah took a lump of the devils' dark-red energy from king elbass' inscribed item . he had relied on those golden materials to contain the chaotic laws until now , but his many experiments had eventually made them lose power .
he had been away from his friends for too long . noah wanted to rejoin them , but the situation didn't allow him to do that just yet . he had a project to complete first .
- i always end up doing risky stuff .
noah sighed while unraveling the golden inscribed item .
noah didn't feel completely reckless . heaven and earth were giving him no chance . he had to finish the project , or he would forever live in fear of their potential punishments .
his ambition had always failed to give a purpose to the chaotic laws , but noah wanted to try a new approach now . he wouldn't use his existence to modify that power . he wanted to create a connection with the other world's will and see if he could work from there .
a dark-red glow soon shone on his face . noah saw king elbass' inscribed item falling apart and transforming into various materials as the chaotic laws began to affect its structure . even his training area experienced mutations , but the dark matter managed to shield him .
a lump of mental waves left noah's mind and enveloped the dark-red energy . his thoughts transformed as the chaotic laws generated mutations , but a faint presence also appeared in his consciousness .
noah had already felt that presence before . it was there whenever the chaotic laws tried to mess with his existence . the other world's will filled that power and forced every material to escape heaven and earth's system .
the other world's will was a mass of raging thoughts . they weren't violent , but they carried its deep hatred toward the laws belonging to heaven and earth .
- show me something .
noah whispered in his mind as the black hole replaced the dark matter that had begun to fall prey to the mutations .
- i hope you aren't only anger and fury .
noah didn't know how to interact with the other world's will . he didn't know if words would work , but he had nothing else to offer at the moment .
the will didn't react to his thoughts . it continued to give the chaotic laws its purpose without minding noah's intentions . it didn't even seem aware that noah had kept it inside an inscribed item for a long time .
- what can i say to make you talk?
 noah asked .
- i hope you aren't only anger . work with me . we have the same enemies .
his words failed to reach the will's ears again . the chaotic laws continued to generate mutations without considering noah .
- don't you want to fight heaven and earth?
 noah asked through his mind .
- i can help . your power of change can turn me into one of their worst enemies .
something seemed to change after noah mentioned heaven and earth . it wasn't anything massive , but the will slowly started to move in the direction of noah's mind .
mutations followed that event . the air between noah and the lump of dark-red energy transformed while the other world's will tried to reach his mind .
noah gritted his teeth before allowing a small part of that power inside his mind . an immense pressure immediately landed on his mental walls , but he endured the pain to translate the will .
trails of dark matter left his mind before they could completely mutate . the black hole was keeping noah's condition in check and would always provide new higher energy to replace what the chaotic laws managed to taint .
a few confused images appeared in noah's vision as his mind went over the small piece of will . he could sense an immense rage flowing through his thoughts and trying to take control of his mental waves , but some stunning scenes slowly became visible during the process .
noah saw the vast void in all its blackness before an immense landmass became visible in that scene . the plane didn't have a will yet back then , but the arrival of a white glow forced its consciousness to awaken .
the white glow didn't care about the many living beings that inhabited that plane . it engulfed the landmass and began to drag it toward an immense array of planets and lower planes .
the scene stopped when heaven and earth's white sky became visible . noah directly saw large boulders seeping through that immense blinding layer and transforming into materials belonging to the immortal lands .
the other world's anger appeared at that moment . its will awakened and gave its matter a single purpose . it had to fight heaven and earth's laws , even if the process led to its self-destruction .
- i knew all of this already .
noah snorted while pushing what remained of the will out of his mind .
- i want your power of change , but on my terms . i don't want to become a mindless devil .
the chaotic laws suddenly stopped affecting the environment . the matter around the dark-red energy didn't transform anymore . something inside them had changed after noah's complaint .
- are you finally ready to listen to me?
 noah asked cautiously .
it felt strange to interact with something as powerful as that will through thoughts . noah even had to interpret its vague behavior and make sure that his existence didn't fall prey to the chaotic laws at the same time .
it was a taxing process . it depleted noah's mental energy at an unfathomable speed , but he endured the pain and exhaustion to reach his goal .
(join… fight .) a deep voice suddenly came out of the lump of chaotic laws .
noah almost let go of that energy due to that sudden event . he didn't expect the laws to speak , and his tension didn't help in the matter .
(i'm already part of the fight .) noah explained through his voice . (i only need the tools to oppose heaven and earth . your energy can make me immune to their power , and i need that .)
silence fell , but noah waited patiently . he didn't know how hard it was for the small share of will contained inside the dark-red energy to talk , but he could guess that the process was far from easy .
(transformation… .) the deep voice said .
(that's the issue .) noah sighed . (i don't want the random mutations . i want to fuse your power with my law and use it to improve my existence . can you do something about that?)
noah still felt tense , but his situation had improved . he had established a connection with the other world's will . the procedure had finally taken a step forward .
(necessary… .) the deep voice said before the chaotic laws burst outward .
the dark-red energy engulfed noah and pierced the layer of dark matter . the black hole replaced the tainted higher energy , but noah felt that his mental capabilities were slipping away under that influence .
the other world's will soon pressed on his mind again and worsened his condition . his companions wanted to go out and help noah , but he used part of his vanishing control to seal them inside the separate space .
the chaotic laws spread over his figure and eventually managed to overcome the dark matter . they could land on his skin and apply their effects , and noah's vision went dark as his existence began to transform .
noah wanted to fight that process , but he felt that something was off . his instincts were screaming , but part of them could sense that the chaotic laws didn't have any ill intention .
instead , it seemed that the other world's will had agreed with his terms . the chaotic laws fused with his ambition as they reached every corner of his body . noah soon transformed into a devil as the dark-red energy covered him .








chapter 1675 - 1675 . change
the transformation clouded noah's consciousness . he couldn't think anymore , and he lost every awareness of his surroundings . the chaotic laws had turned him into an existence meant to spread the other world's will and mutate the environment .
noah wasn't in control of his body anymore . he stood up and began to fly aimlessly through the strange environment . his mind only reacted to the presence of heaven and earth's laws , and he never failed to transform them through his influence .
his law didn't seem to exist anymore . chaotic laws covered his figure and made him a simple puppet in the other world's hands . it appeared that his project had failed , but part of him still existed inside his new form .
the dark matter had an innate resistance to the mutations since it was a higher form of energy . the black hole could even transform it to make it better against those chaotic laws . moreover , the organ could always replace it once the other world's will started to affect it .
noah's insides remained safe from the chaotic laws . his organs and centers of power didn't go through mindless mutations .
his ambition could slowly refine the chaotic laws into a form of energy that wouldn't hurt his existence . the black hole could also learn during that process and improve its results .
some changes eventually began to happen , but noah had no control over them .
it was impossible to keep track of the passage of time in that situation . controlling his actions also was out of the question . noah could only live as a devil and experience what those strange creatures felt .
the rage of the other world filled his mind . that feeling was so intense that it could suppress his consciousness and threaten to crack his mental sphere .
noah wasn't aware of his dangerous situation . he didn't think . images flowed through his eyes , but he couldn't study them .
his journey eventually made him meet other devils . he didn't interact with them , but they instinctively grouped and started affecting larger areas .
heaven and earth couldn't let that army of devils roam freely through their world . they didn't have effective methods against those creatures , but they still attempted to slow them down .
massive patches of dark clouds filled the sky and the ground . the chaos in the area made it hard for heaven and earth to understand where to deploy the tribulations , so a strange scenery ended up surrounding the devils .
the energy partially transformed into different types of matter , but most of it fused with the chaotic laws . the dark-red layer around noah increased in size and the power of change that it contained intensified .
the tribulations raged for a while . heaven and earth didn't want to give up on the battle , but the devils only became stronger during that offensive .
the devils proved themselves to be heaven and earth's worst enemies once again , but they also had weaknesses , especially in that world . it didn't take much before a pack of mutated sharks noticed the army and charged through the tribulations to eat them .
the lightning bolts released by heaven and earth could hurt the sharks , but the beasts often managed to dodge those attacks since they didn't aim for them .
the sharks could reach the army without suffering any injury . their innate defenses could stop the occasional lightning bolts that landed on their bodies , so they could ignore the tribulations .
the sharks assaulted the devils and quickly ate their chaotic laws . the latter couldn't do much against those magical beasts since copying their abilities was quite pointless .
a middle tier shark then approached noah and pointed its sharp teeth toward him . sparks flowed through its body as its speed increased . it didn't take much before the creature crashed on his figure and destroyed part of the dark-red layer .
the shark began to eat the chaotic laws , but an intense fear filled its body when its teeth reached the dark matter hidden under that dark-red layer . a pulling force then covered its figure and slowly dragged it inside noah's darkness .
the creature struggled to break free of that force , but roots , claws , and fangs stabbed its body and dragged it deeper into the darkness . the shark disappeared in a matter of seconds , but the other magical beasts overlooked the event .
the rest of the pack was too busy eating chaotic laws to mind their fallen companions . still , the damage that they had inflicted on noah made his behavior change . the dark-red energy finally gave him the chance to attack those creatures , and he didn't hesitate to charge at them .
noah's ambition spread through the area . it seeped past the dark-red layer and filled the entire battlefield .
the effects of his law had never been so intense . his ambition affected the devils , the sharks , and the matter . it forced all of them to evolve even if they had already gone through mutations .
meanwhile , noah shot toward the nearest shark . his fingers transformed into long claws that he didn't hesitate to slash toward his opponent . a dark-red flash followed the attack , and the headless corpse of the creature began to fall toward the ground .
a lump of dark matter spread from his figure and engulfed the falling shark . the higher energy dragged the corpse inside noah while he searched for another opponent .
that pack of sharks wasn't too strong . it featured one upper tier specimen , but the creature was too busy devouring chaotic laws to mind noah .
noah could fly from shark to shark and sever their head with his dark-red claws . his attacks generated singularities , but they also featured the same shade as the chaotic laws .
the slaughter continued , and the leader eventually had to decide to focus on noah . the creature didn't care about its underlings , but noah's ambition had begun to taint the chaotic laws . he was spoiling its meal .
noah's ambition had transformed most of the environment by that time . the dark clouds had become small lakes that floated through the sky . black trails had appeared among the air , and some of the devils had grown darker .
mutations still happened , but they didn't seem as random as before . they began to carry a purpose . they wanted the affected matter to improve instead of changing casually .
the leader performed the usual charge that generated sparks through its figure . it reached noah in an instant , but the latter only needed one hand to block the attack .
noah's clawed hand grasped the shark's head and kept it still . the creature wanted to use another innate ability , but noah stabbed his fingers into its body and forced his law to flow through its tissues .
a mixture of ambition and chaotic laws flowed inside the shark and altered its tissues . the creature would typically use that energy to develop new innate abilities , but the presence of noah's existence didn't allow such messy improvements .
the leader's flesh grew unstable . its entire body began to tremble , and its organs started to lose access to its primary energy . the shark couldn't deploy its innate ability under the influence of noah's power , and cracks soon spread through its figure .
the shark eventually exploded into a bloody mess . its body couldn't endure the power of change flowing out of noah . its flesh was too unstable to receive proper enhancements , so it fell apart .








chapter 1676 - 1676 . gathering
the pack of sharks couldn't do much after they lost their leader . noah killed all of them and let his dark matter absorb their bodies . his power had allowed the devils to end the battle in no time .
still , the devils and the environment as a whole had changed during the battle . the laws didn't belong to heaven and earth anymore , but a similar transformation had happened to the other creatures .
the surviving devils had grown dark . the mutations that they triggered didn't reflect the chaotic other world's will anymore . they tried to push the matter to evolve , which made them closer to noah's ambition .
of course , noah was still unaware of his surroundings . the state of his consciousness didn't improve , but the other devils had developed a connection to his existence .
noah's actions didn't even follow his instincts . they were the mere result of the other world's will that filled his mind , but his existence had begun to affect its power .
the ambition that had come out of his figure earlier belonged to his existence . yet , it had begun to transform due to the chaotic laws around his body .
something was changing inside him , but that procedure had just begun . it would take time to understand if it could lead to proper results or if noah would become a real devil .
the devils seemed attracted to his existence . they had developed a strange connection with him after the recent transformation . they wanted to fuse with his figure , but something prevented them from pursuing that approach .
the other world's will eventually took over their behavior and swept away their confusion . the group of devils and noah resumed their aimless journey through the immortal lands . the presence of heaven and earth's laws was a call that they couldn't oppose .
noah's journey across the immortal lands continued . his army of devils transformed everything they met and made sure that heaven and earth's influence stopped reaching those areas .
the devils would normally transform the environment randomly , but noah's group triggered less harmful mutations . terrain and water stopped rising in the sky , and the air didn't try to become ground anymore .
tribulations eventually arrived again , and the same went for the packs of sharks . the devils attracted both problems due to their nature , and their behavior prevented them cover their tracks .
every battle against the sharks forced noah to express more of his power . he didn't only rely on his clawed fingers during the last fights . he also deployed simple spells that mainly consisted of all-devouring dark clouds .
his ambition continued to grow during that process . the many battles forced noah to express the result of the mutations that were affecting his existence . the greatest changes involved his law . he had become more influential , and his pride had also intensified .
the transformations that hit the environment became more specific . the terrain didn't become simple metal anymore . it mutated into a tough alloy that seemed able to absorb (breath) .
the same went for the water and air . part of them transformed into dense liquids and gasses that enhanced their innate features . noah's ambition wasn't only forcing their nature to evolve . it made sure that their best properties reached a higher level .
the devils also went through similar changes . they slowly lost their red shades and became completely dark creatures . the random changes generated by their mutations vanished too . they were slowly transforming into entities capable of replicating the effects of noah's law .
noah would have appreciated that evolution , but he still had no control over his consciousness . yet , his instincts had begun to affect his behavior , even if only slightly .
another change that involved the devils was their connection with noah . they slowly stopped obeying the will's orders and began to follow noah in an instinctive manner .
the devils began to behave as if they were part of noah's pack . the other world's will didn't contain those instincts . the creatures had taken them from noah's influence and had learnt how they should act to be proper underlings .
the most surprising aspect of that transformation was that normal devils immediately became attracted by noah . the army increased in size whenever they met more of those creatures , and only the packs of sharks managed to lower their number .
that also changed at some point . devils usually had to take damage before deciding to focus on eventual opponents , but noah's influence had made their aggression skyrocket .
that feature mainly affected noah . he didn't wait for the sharks to attack him anymore when his army met those packs . instead , he directly charged toward their strongest specimen and deployed his faint techniques to overwhelm it .
every battle made noah reveal his improvements . every year spent with the chaotic laws around his figure forced his existence to transform , but clarity still struggled to return to his mind .
 .
 .
a large army had gathered in a distant area of the immortal lands . most of those troops had settled around a floating lake , but they had enough defenses at hand to fend off every external threat .
noah's companions were there , but those belonging to the legion and his organizations occupied the peripheral areas of the settlement . they didn't seem to go along with the other forces gathered during those years , but that feature didn't bother them .
althea eventually came out of the floating lake and reached king elbass' group . her arrival alerted the experts , but they maintained relaxed expressions .
(defying demon has yet to return .) althea announced . (i've worked with the natives to understand his current location , but it seems that even heaven and earth can't divine it .)
(that's not surprising .) king elbass sighed .
(not surprising at all .) wilfred added .
(heaven and earth can't track down my heir !) divine demon shouted before exploding into a loud laugh .
(this is a serious matter .) althea complained . (the final battle is approaching . heaven and earth will do something to send all the devils and mutated magical beasts in our direction . our troops aren't enough to handle the battle .)
(are you challenging me?) divine demon asked , but wilfred promptly placed a hand on his shoulder to stop that trend .
(we did what the three leaders asked .) king elbass snorted . (we even found another solid stage cultivator during our exploration . what more do you want? i'm ready to leave this place if you confirm that we are doomed .)
(no one is leaving this side of the immortal lands .) althea threatened , and her aura began to leak out of her figure .
the other forces around the floating lake suddenly began to pay attention to that conversation . they were all heaven and earth's followers , so they would punish anyone who tried to leave before the final battle .
(you do realize that antagonizing us now will only hurt you?) king elbass sighed . (remember that we decided to return . it's only normal for us to have prepared a way out .)
(we can search for him if you want .) fergie shrugged his shoulders .
(living here is indeed boring .) the foolery said . (they force me to leave to poop .)
(they are brutes .) divine demon commented while patting the foolery on the back .
(i would also like to gain access to heaven and earth's connection .) luke announced . (i don't like that your team is the only group who have seen the natives' methods .)
(that i can't .) althea revealed while hiding a tinge of hesitation . (the leaders have already inspected all of us . my team is the only group that heaven and earth can accept . you all are too far away from their system .)
(why did you come here then?) king elbass said in an annoyed tone . (don't blame us if that reckless idiot does something crazy .)
(i only wanted to make sure that he didn't contact you .) althea revealed before leaving the area and returning inside the floating lake .
king elbass and the others could only exchange stern gazes after her departure . their situation wasn't ideal , and noah was late . they would have to act without him if the war happened before his return .








chapter 1677 - 1677 . stalling
noah's journey continued . his instincts never stopped taking over the other world's will , but their influence remained limited to specific aspects of his behavior .
his instincts mostly affected his battle style and ambition , but they still couldn't grant his awareness back . moreover , he continued to obey the will's orders and search heaven and earth's laws to transform .
life was easy for the devils with noah around . he took care of the sharks , and the tribulations couldn't do anything to them . he didn't have proper threats to face , and that made his transformation go smoothly .
the journey led the army deeper into the immortal lands . strong winds eventually started to blow around noah , and the number of powerful packs increased .
the sharks still tried to eat the devils , but noah's influence had made them toxic for the magical beasts . they carried his influence and attempted to enhance the creatures' power , but the creature's mutations were too random to find a new stability .
noah had transformed the devils into poison for the sharks . those creatures couldn't adapt to that sudden change , so most of them died at the beginning of every fight .
something happened while the army of devils roamed through the windy regions . a faint pleasant sensation hit noah's mind even if he had yet to recover control of his consciousness .
the feeling didn't come from his instincts . it was something meant for the other world's will . it forced the devils to turn and look in the direction of the innermost parts of the immortal lands .
noah's army immediately turned to reach the source of that feeling . heaven and earth had created something that the other world's will couldn't ignore . it was a clear bait , but the devils didn't care .
the feeling didn't only attract devils . sharks and matter affected by mutations began to move toward the source of that sensation .
large boulders , packs , immense lakes , and dense winds flew toward that source . it seemed that heaven and earth had finally started their plan .
faint humming sounds resounded through the sky and enhanced the captivating sensation attracting everything affected by the chaotic laws .
the devils even disregarded the laws that still belonged to heaven and earth on their path to reach that destination sooner . the call was too intense . it was as if the core of their enemy would be at the end of that road .
it didn't take much before a massive army formed on the horizon . all the devils and sharks on the immortal lands were moving toward that destination . pieces of the environment also floated among them , and that created a majestic but strange scenery .
the years of travel ended when the army reached a floating lake surrounded by cultivators . noah would recognize his friends among that group if his awareness returned . still , he saw them as nothing more than enemies to overcome to reach his target .
a massive pillar of pure white light shone in the middle of the floating lake . that radiance carried heaven and earth's laws in their pure form . it seemed to contain the core to their existence and an immense amount of power .
the sharks didn't even bother to wait for their new companions . their hunger had blinded them . the energy inside the pillar of light could bring their level to the ninth rank in an instant . even magical beasts at the bottom of the eighth rank only needed a bite of that structure to reach the apex of the cultivation journey .
instead , the devils and the broken environment remained behind . the other world's will controlled their actions , and it could feel that the right moment to attack had yet to arrive .
countless inscriptions lit up when the sharks charged ahead . multiple defensive arrays that featured different types of defenses discharged their power on those magical beasts .
the sharks lost more than half of their army in a single exchange . the power contained by those defenses could even threaten upper tier creatures , so most of those specimens didn't have a chance to survive .
the cultivators behind the defenses began to fight the sharks that had survived the initial exchange . the magical beasts were more than them , but they lacked the mental sanity to approach the battle properly .
the sharks could only think about getting to the pillar of light . they didn't care about the cultivators . the chance to reach the ninth rank was right before their eyes . they wouldn't mind small prey in that situation .
the human army exploited that feature . the various experts deployed many spells that worked together with the defenses to suppress the sharks and overcome their numerical disadvantage .
a faint order in the form of a feeling suddenly rang inside noah's mind . the other world's will had spoken . it wanted the devils to join the battle and destroy those who defended heaven and earth .
a wave of anger filled noah as he pressed forward . the other devils followed him in a disorganized battle formation , while the pieces of tainted environment simply shot ahead .
the defenses destroyed the tainted ground in an instant , but they struggled to affect the army of devils . those creatures had an innate resistance to most laws , and the inscription masters that had set those lines also belonged to heaven and earth's system .
some devils died , but their chaotic laws flowed inside their companions rather than disperse in the environment . most of them reached noah since the creatures could instinctively recognize his superiority .
the devils eventually landed on the human army . there was no hesitation in their behavior at that time . the other world's will had decided that they had to take care of the cultivators , so they didn't need to suffer damage before attacking .
the attack ended up being quite effective . the devils limited themselves to spread their influence through the army , but their power was quite deadly . they could force their opponents' existence to transform , and that ruined most of their techniques .
a wave of spells followed that initial victory . the human army relied on laws that didn't belong to heaven and earth to attack the devils , but they didn't manage to achieve much .
relying on laws that didn't belong to heaven and earth made those cultivators weaker . only those that didn't sell their existence to those rulers could fight properly , but the devils were resilient creatures .
most of the devils would rebuild themselves after attacks destroyed them . the chaotic laws wouldn't disperse in the environment unless they exhausted the other world's will in their fabric .
moreover , some of the devils appeared stronger than others . the darker specimens featured intense aggression that made them exploit their innate resilience . they could directly charge toward the cultivators and let the mutations do the rest .
noah wasn't holding back either . his ambition flowed through the army and intensified the influence of the chaotic laws . most cultivators tried to fight its effects , but they only suffered during that struggle .
noah's ambition could improve their existence , but their laws ended up experiencing partial mutations , which led to weaker results .
noah's ambition didn't go unnoticed . his existence had changed , but his friends could recognize his law even after those transformations .
king elbass was the first to connect that influence to noah's ambition . he knew his plan to use the chaotic laws to evolve his existence . he could understand that the procedure had a chance to transform him into a devil .
(this isn't the right time to fight .) king elbass said while diving in the middle of the enemy army and appearing in front of noah . (we are only stalling . heaven and earth have something in mind .)
noah didn't give any answer . instead , he directly charged toward king elbass and tried to pierce his c .h .e .s .t with his clawed fingers .
a golden shield appeared in front of king elbass and blocked the claws . the inscribed item melted due to noah's influence , but that result didn't surprise the expert .
(i guess it's time to fight you for real .) king elbass sighed , and his aura spread in the environment . he announced to the whole world that he had reached the liquid stage .








chapter 1678 - 1678 . puppets
noah didn't care about king elbass' cultivation level . he charged ahead as soon as a hole formed in the golden shield , but a different inscribed item blocked his path again .
king elbass had summoned a giant phoenix-shaped puppet that illuminated the area with its golden light . the creature wrapped its claws around noah's arms , and the chaotic laws around his figure seemed unable to transform its fabric .
king elbass had spent a long time studying the devils . he had adapted most of his creations to those creatures while he was on the other side of the immortal lands , and they ended up being quite effective against noah .
the expert also accepted noah's ambition . he didn't fight its effects like noah's previous opponents , so his puppet ended up improving under that influence .
the phoenix grew in size . the glow radiated by its golden flames intensified until it became a scorching radiance that burnt the opponents nearby .
the creature's claws also stretched until they became able to cover noah's entire body . the puppet pierced the layer of chaotic laws that covered his figure , but a pulling force began to affect it once it touched his dark matter .
the phoenix gave voice to desperate cries as noah's dark matter pulled it inside his figure . king elbass' eyes widened at that sight . he knew most of noah's abilities , but he had never seen such a strange technique .
the puppet disappeared , and a cold grin broke on noah's face . a crazy laugh then came out of his mouth before he resumed his reckless offensive against his friend .
king elbass' battle intent surged . noah was his friend , but there had always been a silent competition between the two of them . that fight could prove who was the best genius from their world .
noah spat a black cloud that gained different features . part of that gas transformed into flames , while other black lumps became blades that shot toward king elbass .
his fingers also stretched until they became sharp swords . noah embodied the definition of a monster in that form , and king elbass couldn't help but become serious at that sight .
a sea of flames spread from king elbass' figure . his curiosity filled the environment and studied noah's ambition . he had a trump card against his friend , but he didn't know how viable it was after the mutations .
an army of puppets also came out of his space-rings . king elbass had never stopped building inscribed items throughout his life , and both armies could witness the might of his products on that battlefield .
phoenix-shaped , hydra-shaped , and titan-shaped puppets filled the battlefield and merged with the sea of flames before converging toward noah . a massive golden cloud fell on the small black patch of the sky moving toward king elbass , and their clash shook the entire area .
the puppets were in the middle and upper tier . king elbass had become able to create lasting upper tier items after his breakthrough in the liquid stage , so his battle prowess had begun to touch the solid stage .
yet , the same went for noah . his battle prowess had long since surpassed the limits of the middle tier , even if his body didn't improve . his ambition had also begun to explore a superior realm after the fusion with the chaotic laws .
the two experts were among the best existences that had ever stepped on the immortal lands . they could ignore the gaps among the stages and express far more power than they should .
the clash of their techniques generated shockwaves that spread through the entire battlefield . some of the weaker experts and sharks couldn't endure those tremors and spat mouthfuls of blood before losing control of their centers of power .
noah and king elbass' domains created areas where the other cultivators couldn't enter . mutations and inspections would hit those experts as soon as they touched the duo's auras . they had made a dead zone where only they could fight .
noah's black abilities resembled cancer that spread among that blinding golden light . his energy forced the flames to evolve , but it devoured them right after the mutations started affecting their fabric .
the puppets tried to suppress noah with their physical might and various abilities , but they couldn't match his influence and physical strength . noah was an unstoppable existence that could transform the world into part of his domain .
the platoon of titan-shaped puppets cracked countless whips toward noah . the weapons entangled around his figure and tried to restrain his movements .
the hydra-shaped puppets spat waves of golden flames that fused with the fiery sea around them and transformed into beams of light . those attacks converged on noah and ignored the whips before landing on his body .
the phoenix-shaped puppets spat fireballs and gave voice to sharp cries that tried to weaken the connection between noah and his energy . the golden sea enhanced those abilities and allowed them to reach noah without encountering any hindrance .
noah fought madly against those abilities . his claws cut through the whips , and his dark energy fought the golden beams that landed on his figure . the fireballs and sound attacks were hard to counter , so his layer of chaotic laws soon vanished during that offensive .
however , noah never stopped advancing . king elbass could only slow him down . noah didn't care that his chaotic laws were disappearing and continued to pierce through the golden domain that divided him from his opponent .
a change happened once all the chaotic laws vanished . king elbass had forced noah to reveal the fiendish armor made of dark matter , but that only worsened his situation .
noah stopped once the chaotic laws around him disappeared . he let the golden light attack his fiendish armor and uncover pieces of his skin . a tinge of confusion had appeared on his monstrous face , but the other world's will still filled his mind .
it didn't matter that the chaotic laws had vanished . the other world's will had complete control over his mind , so he remained a devil .
noah inspected his clawed hands and the patches of b .a .r .e skin before his grin broadened . he spread his arms and gave voice to a crazy laugh before a massive pulling force came out of his figure .
the sky bent as his pulling force intensified and began to affect everything in the environment . noah transformed into a black hole that absorbed golden flames , puppets , and (breath) .
everything disappeared once it touched the dark matter around him . his power didn't immediately increase , but king elbass gave up on his puppets since he lost connection with them .
(you can keep them .) king elbass laughed before wielding an upper tier fiery spear .
other inscribed items appeared on his body . a fiery golden crown materialized on his head , and runes covered his skin . his cultivation level seemed to increase after wielding those weapons , and his aura intensified during the process .
still , noah wasn't over . his laugh continued to spread through the battlefield until it eventually reached the other devils .
the devils immediately stopped fighting . their structure began to tremble as two forces fought inside them . the instincts inherited from noah and the other world's will were battling for those creatures .
the darker devils eventually shot backward and flew toward noah . their bodies exploded and transformed into currents of chaotic laws that covered his figure .
king elbass' expression froze for an instant . noah's transformation made him able to control the devils . that ability could turn him into the king of the immortal lands if handled correctly .








chapter 1679 - 1679 . curiosity
noah transformed into a tall black devil . his influence intensified and invaded other domains , and it even pierced the four solid stage cultivators' auras .
king elbass continued to deploy defenses and inscribed items to prepare for the imminent clash , but a shadow suddenly ran past him .
noah had yet to stop absorbing the energy in the environment , but an immense force landed on his body and flung him on the ground .
a trail of chaotic laws left his body and created a black line that connected his previous spot with the hole dug during the crash . yet , that energy dispersed after wilfred punched the air multiple times .
(i didn't need help .) king elbass snorted .
(i'm not helping you .) wilfred replied without moving his eyes from the hole in the ground . (do you know what happened to him?)
(this is only one of his crazy experiments .) king elbass explained while nearing the hybrid . (i suspect that the chaotic laws around him work as a chrysalis . he is clearly transforming , but i don't know if he'll have enough time .)
(what do we do then?) divine demon asked while joining the group .
(suppressing him is impossible .) king elbass continued . (we have to beat him up once he regains control of his senses .)
(i like the plan .) wilfred laughed while cracking his fingers .
(i'll also help .) divine demon added .
(it's better if you remain behind .) king elbass said while stopping divine demon . (your law doesn't suit this battle . you'll end up fighting noah to the death .)
divine demon wanted to complain , but king elbass' speech made sense . a snort came out of his mouth before he rejoined the other members of his team and helped them in their battles .
the ground around the hole turned black as noah's ambition seeped through his fabric . the terrain of the entire region quickly transformed into a tough alloy that seemed able to reject attacks containing (breath) .
a crazy laugh soon came out of the hole and spread through the sky . noah's figure stepped outside the hole and eyed the two experts in the sky . his smirk had broadened , and a pair of cavities had appeared where his eyes should be .
king elbass pointed his spear toward noah and released a piercing beam made of golden light . the attack reached its target in an instant , but a black sea spread on the ground before it could touch noah .
a violent version of the dark world expanded and covered the ground . it spread until the region's borders and began to rise toward the sky as noah flew toward his opponents .
wilfred raised his arms and joined his hands before throwing a massive blow toward the black sea . a hole appeared in its structure and pierced it from side to side , but the attack didn't stop the technique .
still , wilfred and king elbass could see what had happened to the black ground through the hole . the black metal that had appeared before had completely disappeared . it seemed that the dark world had devoured it .
a tinge of fear reached the experts' minds . the dark world was too dangerous . they couldn't let it engulf them .
(do you have anything against that thing?) wilfred asked .
(why do i always end up wasting my stash of inscribed items for you?) king elbass sighed before opening his free hand and pointing his palm toward the incoming black sea .
countless inscribed items fell toward the dark world and entered its liquid structure . king elbass was using his entire stash to defeat that technique , but he still preserved his best creations .
thousands of inscribed items entered the dark world and detonated before king elbass lost connection with them . the violent dark matter seemed able to endure that offensive , but golden flares eventually pierced its structure .
cracks eventually appeared on the technique . golden light shone from them and filled the environment before generating a massive explosion that forced the other experts to deploy defensive measures .
lumps of violent dark matter flew in every direction and destroyed everything they touched . some sharks died when that substance hit them , and the same went for a few weak cultivators .
noah reappeared in the middle of the sky . his armor of chaotic laws had partly disappeared , but his face continued to point at his opponents . yet , wilfred suddenly appeared above him and released a storm of punches that flung him back on the ground .
wilfred didn't stop there . he followed noah into the hole created on the ground and continued to release attacks .
massive cracks spread through the region . the entire area was about to fall apart due to wilfred's relentless offensive .
the hybrid couldn't stop throwing punches . his hesitation would give a chance to the chaotic laws to accumulate on his figure , and he couldn't let them touch him .
moreover , he was suppressing noah , which was the whole point of the battle . he only had to continue until noah regained control over his consciousness .
however , a wall suddenly brought his attacks to an end . wilfred's eyes widened when he saw that fiendish claws had grasped his wrists and were managing to keep his arms still .
wilfred tried to break free , but noah's physical strength stopped his attempts . the hybrid could finally confirm that noah was stronger than him .
the chaotic laws around noah had disappeared , but his laugh soon spread through the sky again and attracted other devils . those creatures shot toward him and fused with his figure while he continued to keep wilfred locked in his grasp .
wilfred kicked noah , but his attack didn't do anything . noah was a wall that he couldn't break .
king elbass arrived in his aid . he landed next to the two experts and pointed his spear at noah . the tip of his weapon touched noah's head before a dense beam shot out of it .
wilfred couldn't break free even after that attack . the golden light dispersed and revealed noah's real face . a deep cut had appeared on his cheek , but that injury didn't remove his crazy smile .
noah's face didn't change , but his expression was far from normal . a dark-red light came out of his eyes , and pure ecstasy filled his features . he appeared truly happy to be in that situation .
darkness acc .u .mulated in noah's mouth before a wave of black flames filled the environment . dark matter also expanded and engulfed the two experts .
king elbass and wilfred found themselves inside noah's techniques . the currents of darkness ran through their figures and damaged their techniques . they applied mutations and weakened their existence at the same time .
the dark matter also devoured the chunks of energy that the techniques lost due to the mutations . king elbass and wilfred were opposing the transformations at that time , so noah's ambition was hurting them .
king elbass quickly closed his eyes , and his curiosity spread through the waves of darkness around him . his aura filled the entirety of noah's technique and studied it in its entirety .
the expert had found a countermeasure to noah's ambition long ago . noah's existence was evolving , but king elbass could still differentiate his law from the mutations .
king elbass' curiosity focused on his former ambition before snapping his fingers . the waves of darkness suddenly lost power and gained red shades . the expert had removed noah's ambition from the technique , which left only the power of the devils around them .
the attack also weakened noah and allowed wilfred to break free from his grasp . the hybrid shouted before slamming his fists on the ground and generating a massive shockwave that shattered the technique around him .
the two experts finally broke free of the dark currents , but a tinge of surprise appeared in their eyes when they turned toward noah . the latter had crouched on the ground , and his body had begun to show traces of instability .








chapter 1680 - 1680 . anger
king elbass' technique had managed to destroy noah's ambition . his curiosity could cancel other laws as long as he learnt their structure and created a perfect counter .
noah's ambition had yet to fuse with the chaotic laws , so king elbass could target his laws during the attack . the result of that action was the complete removal of noah's existence from the environment .
still , king elbass had improved . his ability could even affect the insides of an expert now . his law had removed the ambition that filled noah's figures and had left him only with chaotic laws .
wilfred had then destroyed the energy in the area and had left noah basically n .a .k .e .d . he didn't have chaotic laws nor ambition around him anymore . his whole figure appeared empty .
noah crouched on the ground . his centers of power wanted to prioritize generating his laws to fill his flesh , but the other world's will wanted him to resume mutating the environment .
two forces fought inside his mind . the other world's will was an immense power that could crack his mental sphere , but his instincts had slowly tainted it during the past years .
the struggle didn't endanger his mental sphere . the other world's will wanted to maintain control over noah , so it had to preserve its centers of power . still , his instincts strived for freedom , and they could see a path to victory against that incredible power .
king elbass and wilfred stopped attacking . they glanced at each other before fixing their eyes on noah again . they couldn't understand what was happening , but they knew that their techniques could seriously injure his friend now .
a deafening roar came out of noah's mouth as he slammed his head on the ground . his actions enlarged the cracks created by wilfred , and his voice attracted the devils on the battlefield .
the human side didn't hesitate to exploit that event . all the devils had turned to look at noah , leaving many openings in their defenses . the cultivators could quickly seize a few victories against those annoying opponents .
some of the darker devils gathered around noah . king elbass and wilfred saw those creatures amassing in the sky above them , but they didn't move .
both experts were trying to understand what they had to do in that situation . they didn't know whether letting the chaotic laws cover noah again was a good option , so they remained next to him .
the devils didn't move either once they gathered above noah . their attention was on him , but they seemed to struggle to decide how to act .
the devils were experiencing the same mental battle inside noah's mind . they could hear their devotion toward noah , but they were also children of the other world's will .
noah continued to roar and slam his head on the ground . a tinge of awareness wanted to resurface inside his mind , but the other world's will didn't give it the chance to return .
the devils' colors began to change . the black and red shades fought against each other to gain control over their figures . that battle represented their mental fight and also gave an idea of what was happening inside noah .
- what is happening?
 a thought eventually managed to surface in noah's mind .
that thought had succeeded in piercing the other world's will and giving noah a glimpse of awareness . yet , that immense power quickly suppressed him again .
the short instant of clarity that had reached noah made his instincts roar in anger . they only had slight influence over his mind , but they had been in contact with the other world's rage for years by then .
a desperate desire to fend off that will filled noah's instincts . they knew that he wouldn't be free as long as that power continued to occupy his mind , so they activated his innate ability on their own .
noah's mental energy surged and began to devour the other world's will . the immense power in that energy enlarged his mental walls and thinned their structure , but it also made room for his consciousness .
- the experiment !
 noah shouted when another thought managed to appear in his mind .
the will fought back , but the devils around noah wouldn't obey its commands . they remained in the air and watched as a mere existence tried to oppose the power contained by an entire world .
of course , noah wasn't actually fighting the will of an entire plane . his mind would never be able to contain that power .
only a tiny chunk of that power had seeped inside noah and was controlling his actions . the will's true might came from the state of its energy . it was even better than the dark matter !
still , the will was in noah's mind . it didn't matter how much energy it contained . the environment put it in a disadvantageous position since noah's centers of power could give him a nigh-endless flow of energy .
his mental energy continued to devour the will and free more space . noah's centers of power slowly began to regain control over their actions and started to fight that power .
black matter quickly gathered around his head and tried to stabilize his mental walls from the outside . noah's mind was enlarging too quickly due to the immense power contained in the will , and the higher energy wanted to slow down that process .
noah stopped headbutting the ground and planted both hands on the terrain as growls began to escape his mouth . lumps of flames also flew out of him , but they never spread too far past him .
only his dantian remained silent . it seemed that the organ wasn't ready to fill his body with his law again . it was waiting for something that even his instincts couldn't understand .
the will slowly lost power , and tinges of clarity began to accumulate in noah's mind . he didn't immediately regain his ability to think , but he could improve the procedures started by his instincts .
the various energies working inside noah became smarter . the dark matter around his head didn't limit itself to contain the expansion of his mental walls anymore . it created a connection with snore , duanlong , and the parasite and redirected part of the will's energy toward them .
his black hole began to spin faster than ever . it forced his body to stabilize the many mutations that had affected his existence since the transformation .
faint black smoke came out of noah's pores and created a thin membrane that covered his skin . his body wanted to transform his flesh even without relying on a breakthrough .
- get out !
 noah shouted inside his mind before losing the ability to think again .
noah could only feel . he sensed a wave of immense anger , but that emotion didn't come from the other world's will . every fiber of his being was furious . the images of the past years were flowing inside his mind , and they made him livid .
the other world's will had succeeded in keeping noah under control for years . he couldn't accept that outcome . waves of anger flowed into his mind and forced the mental energy to work faster .
- get out !
 noah shouted in his mind again , and a tinge of darkness suddenly appeared inside his dantian .
the ground began to tremble as noah's aura prepared itself to come out . king elbass and wilfred sensed the danger and exchanged a glance before leaving the area . noah was on his own now .
the other world's will wanted the devils to remain still , but those creatures eventually escaped from its control . they landed on the trembling ground and kneeled toward noah while they waited for him to awaken .
(get out !) noah eventually managed to roar , and a dense wave of black flames escaped from his mouth .
the flames created a scorching pillar that rose higher in the sky as he tilted his head upward . faint anger also seeped out of his figure before a violent aura spread from his skin and broke the thin chrysalis .








chapter 1681 - 1681 . awakening
noah's ambition created storms as it spread through the battlefield . raging currents made of his law flew in every corner of the region and submitted the matter to his power .
his ambition had changed . it had broadened after the years that noah spent as a devil . it obtained aspects that involved space , but it also intensified its ability to evolve everything around it .
the images of his life as a devil flowed inside noah's mind as his angry roar continued to echo through the sky . noah was livid . he couldn't believe that the other world's will had kept him under its control for so many years .
still , he could also understand that the transformation had benefitted his existence . noah was angry beyond reason , but part of him felt glad that the procedure had been a success .
his body had remained the same . the chaotic laws couldn't improve it . noah had reached a state that surpassed perfection when it came to his flesh .
his mind had expanded a lot . his mental walls had become quite frail , but his dark matter was reinforcing them for the time being . moreover , the scarlet radiance given by his bloodl .u .s .t had intensified , and his anger fused with that light .
the greatest changes in noah's existence had happened to his dantian and black hole .
the fourth center of power had enlarged , and its walls had thickened . thin flares of dark matter also shot out of its edges and spread through the rest of the body to send waves of power to the various tissues .
the dark matter had become denser . it had already gained liquid properties after the breakthrough to the eighth rank , but its previous shape couldn't match its current one .
instead , his dantian had shrunk . noah felt shocked to discover that it had reached the liquid stage , but his surprise didn't end there .
the ambition that the organ radiated was violent . it forced everything around noah to evolve , but it destroyed the matter that tried to oppose the change . also , some of its old aspects had intensified , which added new abilities to his darkness .
his pride and hunger were now as powerful as his creation , destruction , and sharpness . noah's energy could directly devour the matter around him , and it even radiated a heavy pressure that forced weaker beings to kneel .
the black hole could mimic all the new features of his dantian and transform the dark matter into a stronger version of his darkness . noah's energy had basically become an additional fuel for that power .
noah didn't immediately learn about those new features . information flowed inside his mind as the black hole studied the changes that had happened during the devil state .
some changes had affected his companions . noah could see that the parasite had developed a tighter connection with his existence . it clearly depended on him now .
the other companion affected by the chaotic laws was the demonic sword . the blade had always been an expression of noah's existence , but the other world's will found it pointless to keep it severed from his law .
- that's why my black hole has improved .
noah thought as he closed his mouth and interrupted his fiery pillar .
- it's strange .
the demonic sword's young voice resounded in noah's mind .
- it feels natural to be part of you even if i have retained a separate will .
the demonic sword had fused with noah's existence . it had become part of the black hole , but noah could summon it at will . its level had also developed a better connection with him . the weapon had directly reached the middle tier after the breakthrough to the liquid stage .
noah studied his surroundings . the battlefield was a mess , but it seemed that the human side had gained the upper hand after he attracted many devils away .
a platoon of devils was still kneeling around him . they didn't dare to move from their spot and waited for noah to give orders .
their figures had also grown entirely dark . they shared the victory of noah's mental energy over the other world's will . they had become his followers now .
king elbass and wilfred inspected noah . they didn't know if his mind had awakened , so they didn't dare to near him yet .
(thank you .) noah growled before stretching his hand toward one of the devils around him .
the creature stood up and walked toward noah before placing its neck on his palm . its energy then flowed inside noah's body and placated part of his hunger .
- how is this an improvement?
 noah snorted in his mind .
his hunger had returned stronger than ever . his evolution past the simple hybrid state had taken care of that feature , but the chaotic laws had brought it back .
however , noah could feel that his hunger depended on his pride . his ability to rule over weaker beings had intensified , so that feeling had also grown stronger .
noah was still livid . learning about his growth couldn't satisfy the rage that filled his mind . he had inherited part of that feeling from the other world's will , and it seemed that a simple battle wouldn't be enough to vent it .
(go and make a mess .) noah growled before disappearing from his position .
the devils stood up and flew back to the battlefield . the cultivators didn't hesitate to fight them , but they soon noticed that something had changed in those creatures .
their influence had grown stronger and could now affect the experts even from behind their defenses . also , their battle style wasn't a mere copy of their opponents anymore . the devils fought like noah now . they released sharp attacks and toxic dark clouds that seemed able to devour everything .
noah reappeared near king elbass and wilfred . the two experts felt surprised about that sudden event . they didn't sense his arrival , and their minds struggled to fend off the pressure innately generated by his figure .
(make our team retreat .) noah ordered . (i'm about to go all-out .)
(we should all leave the area .) king elbass complained . (heaven and earth are about to deploy something meant to get rid of the mutated beings . that includes you now .)
(i can't wait to face what they have in mind .) noah growled before disappearing once again .
wilfred and king elbass could only exchange a confused glance before flying back to their companions . noah had already given the order . nothing in the world could make him change his mind now .
the duo quickly grabbed luke , fergie , the foolery , and divine demon before shooting out of the battlefield . the other human troops shot angry glances at them , but they couldn't punish their retreat since they had devils and sharks to fight .
meanwhile , noah reappeared in the middle of the human army . the four solid stage cultivators were nearby , but they couldn't stop his sudden discharge of energy .
a wave of darkness flowed out of his figure and pierced the weaker domains and defenses around him . the solid stage cultivators quickly understood that something was wrong and deployed their techniques to suppress the dark world , but their complexion paled after the darkness disappeared .
all the cultivators under the liquid stage hit by the darkness had disappeared . the leaders couldn't sense them anymore .
author's notes: the others on the discord already knew about this . i'm writing a second story . it will have a western setting and sci-fi elements . the name of the new novel is (chaos' heir) . give it a look if you want . anyway , i'd like to point out that demonic sword will always have priority in my writing schedule , so don't worry about that .








chapter 1682 - 1682 . gruesome
(how dare you attack your allies? !) castor shouted as his solid stage cultivation level exploded .
(the devils must have corrupted his mind !) rebecca added as her power also filled the environment .
(let's take care of him before the devils overwhelm us .) melissa ordered while pointing her hands toward noah .
(i didn't think there would be traitors among our army .) robert , the fourth solid stage cultivator , snorted .
noah didn't even glance at the four experts . his figure disappeared before they could launch attacks . he teleported among the sharks , and his roar made those creatures tremble in fear .
(you belong to me .) noah growled as his pride spread through the sky .
the army of sharks had suffered countless defeats against the human side , but some of the upper tier specimens were still standing their ground . noah's roar made them feel fear , but they wouldn't give up on their freedom so easily .
one of the upper tier specimens turned to charge at noah and left trails of sparks in the sky . still , its attack ended when its head landed on noah's palm .
(i think you misunderstand your position .) noah growled while stabbing his fingers on the creature's head . (i wasn't giving an order . you already are part of my pack .)
his ambition flowed inside the creature's flesh and generated mutations . noah's law wanted to improve the shark , but the chaotic laws had made a mess of its body .
the shark even tried to fight that energy . it struggled to fend off noah's ambition , but that only intensified its dangerous effects .
the shark's body began to destabilize as new mutations started to appear . noah's ambition intensified the various unstable feature of the creature and made its tissues crumble .
the magical beast exploded after a few seconds . pieces of flesh shot in every direction and created a red cloud before noah's energy devoured it . he had killed an upper tier creature with a simple attack that didn't even rely on techniques .
a wave of pride violently spread from noah's figure after his victory against the shark . a chill ran down the other upper tier magical beasts when that feeling enveloped them . they immediately realized that noah could kill them at ease .
that realization made them lower their head to express their submission . noah deployed the dark world to envelop them and activated the workshop while filling the dark matter with his ambition . the sharks couldn't fight in that condition . he had to transform them .
the four solid stage cultivators didn't let noah do as he pleased . massive spells flew toward the dark world , but holes connected to the void opened on its structure before the attacks could damage the technique .
the spells entered the void and left the dark world untouched . noah had countered the attacks of four solid stage cultivators at ease , and the scene made the entire human army fall silent .
even the devils stopped attacking to admire the scene . noah's feat was inspiring . those creatures had inherited his desire to improve , so they wouldn't dare to miss that sight .
faint ambition began to come out of the devils . noah's feat had forced those creatures to improve and develop traces of laws that reflected his existence . the chaotic laws had a purpose now . they wanted to become noah .
the solid stage cultivators didn't give up . they launched a second wave of attacks , but portals that led to the void opened on their trajectory again .
however , the spells divided themselves into countless smaller attacks that dodged the portals and exploded on the dark matter . the higher energy couldn't endure their might , and chunks of the technique vanished .
the shockwaves generated by the many small explosions spread through the dark world and continued to destroy the technique . the dense sea slowly vanished and revealed its insides . the human army could finally see what noah had been up to , and the scene left those experts speechless .
some structures made of dark matter had survived the offensive . multiple arms that resembled machines of noah's previous world were tinkering with the pack of sharks to create a gruesome scene .
the arms replaced entire chunks of the creatures' flesh and transformed them into more stable tissues before putting them back into the bodies . noah wanted to convert those magical beasts into existences that could help him in the fight , and his ambition was too violent for that procedure .
the workshop could learn from his ambition and understand how the sharks had to transform . the dark matter was using his law as fuel to perform those mutations and create an army worthy of their new leader .
(what on heaven and earth's names is this madness?) castor couldn't help but shout .
castor was an old solid stage cultivator in the eighth rank . he had seen countless experts and studied even more laws . however , he had never witnessed such a gruesome scene .
noah was sitting cross-legged among the various workshops . he had kept his eyes closed to focus on the procedure , but the solid stage cultivators had interrupted his concentration .
(do you mind letting me finish?) noah asked while opening his eyes . (i'm almost done with the weaker specimens . the others need a bit more .)
(you are a blight of this world !) rebecca shouted , but she didn't move .
even rebecca found it hard to stand that scene . noah resembled a mad scientist in the middle of his experiment . she couldn't help but imagine what he could do to humans if they ended up in his grasp .
noah moved his gaze away from the four leaders . he wouldn't mind them as long as they didn't attack , and his sharks had even reached a crucial phase .
the workshops began to replace pieces of the creatures' heads . the sharks died while chunks of their brain left their body and transformed under the effects of the dark matter .
(what have you done?) melissa asked while her consciousness studied that energy .
waves of shock filled her mind as she understood the nature of that energy . the sharks were releasing a strange version of (breath) . noah had built a dantian for those creatures .
- to think that creating a center of power has become so easy at my current level .
noah sighed in his mind .
the sharks began to cry in anger after the workshop let them go . noah had made sure to put part of his feelings inside those creatures . their aggression skyrocketed because of that .
the devils echoed that anger . raging waves of chaotic laws spread from their figure and fell on the human army . it was time to resume the fight now that the last piece of noah's pack was ready .
(i guess you won't give me the chance to have one versus one battles .) noah sighed while leaving the array of workshops .
a few sharks still had to complete their transformation , but the process could work without noah's supervision now . he could finally move his attention on the human army , and a faint hesitation inevitably appeared in his mind . yet , the desire to understand how strong he had become suppressed that feeling .
noah stretched his arm forward , and chunks of dark matter solidified in his palm to generate the demonic sword . roots gathered in his other hand to create a sword-shaped weapon . his companions then came out of the separate space and stood next to him .
noah was ready to test his power against four solid stage cultivators .








chapter 1683 - 1683 . words
(do you really think that you can face the four of us?) melissa snorted when she saw noah and his companion nearing the human army .
robert wore a pensive expression . he raised his hand and pointed a finger toward noah before launching a small purple bullet toward him .
the bullet was incredibly fast , and it carried an immense amount of energy . still , noah could sense that it radiated laws belonging to heaven and earth , so he decided to endure it with his b .a .r .e body .
the purple bullet hit noah at the center of his c .h .e .s .t and tried to dig deeper into his body , but its energy began to fall apart when it touched noah's ambition . the attack transformed into energy that fixed the damage before flowing toward the black hole .
(you have developed the devils' immunity to heaven and earth's laws .) robert commented at that sight .
(how can you even follow such flawed leaders .) noah sighed while approaching the four solid stage cultivators . (you have given up on your laws to gain unbeatable enemies . i don't have words to express how disappointed i feel .)
noah was trying to taunt the experts . he felt confident in fighting the four cultivators for a short time , but he didn't know how a prolonged battle would go .
his innate resistance to heaven and earth's laws would force the four leaders to rely on weaker existences , but they remained solid stage experts . noah's power didn't make any sense , but he had yet to understand if he could face those opponents at his current level .
noah hoped that his taunts could make one of those experts leave the others and face him alone , but the cultivators remained together . they didn't let him get into their mind .
- it's time to force their hand .
noah concluded in his mind before raising the arm that wielded the demonic sword .
the group of sharks behind noah shot forward and resumed their battle against the human army . the cultivators quickly discovered that some of their abilities had changed . their overall prowess had also increased , and the hunger that blinded their mind had vanished .
the devils worked together with the sharks and echoed the auras that spread from their figures . the magical beasts had access to (breath) now , so they could use stronger abilities that the devils didn't hesitate to improve .
the human army immediately lost the upper hand in the battle , but the four leaders didn't move . their eyes remained fixed on noah even if their underlings were suffering severe losses .
(don't lose hope !) rebecca shouted . (heaven and earth didn't turn their back on us . they are watching this battle closely !)
her announcement didn't improve the underlings' morale . those cultivators found themselves unable to push their opponents back , and their leaders weren't doing anything to help them .
noah suddenly appeared next to rebecca . the expert's eyes widened when she saw two sharp weapons converging toward her face , but her aura exploded forward before they could touch her .
a wave of dense red energy crashed on noah's figure , but he deployed the unstable substance to endure the blow and retain his position . the attack couldn't even stop his actions , so he completed the slash while rebecca tried to retreat .
a chunk of the wave of energy disappeared when the singularity hit it . a faint black halo also spread among that redness while noah's attack continued to fly forward .
the singularity eventually hit rebecca , but its energy melted when it touched her skin . the expert revealed a smile , but her expression froze when a drop of blood fell from her forehead .
noah wanted to wave his swords again , but three figures materialized above him before he could complete his blow . robert , melissa , and castor pointed their hands toward him and released multiple abilities that contained enough power to pierce his tough skin .
portals connected to the void opened above noah . a massive black crack absorbed the attacks and gave him the chance to complete his slash .
the short delay caused by the three solid stage cultivators allowed rebecca to attack before the singularity could reach her . a scorching wave of energy engulfed noah's attack and melted its structure .
- they can match my blows even if they use weaker laws .
noah noted in his mind before a dangerous sensation forced him to focus on his side .
robert had flown past the crack and had approached noah . he wielded a watery purple mass that he didn't hesitate to throw toward his opponent .
melissa and castor approached noah from behind and tried to cast spells , but a massive winged snake materialized on their path and filled the area with violent dark matter .
the two experts still cast their spells and destroyed a large chunk of snore's body , but the blood companion only hissed in anger at that feat . the cultivators had hurt it , but the attacks had depleted their energy during the process . the snake had successfully protected noah .
both blood companions had reached the middle tier after absorbing part of the will's energy . nothing in noah's arsenal had remained in the lower tier . all his companions and weapons had advanced . they were finally able to join his battles .
rebecca tried to attack again , but her right hand suddenly separated from her arm . a fuming shadow materialized in the distance after that event . night had to show itself after suffering the damage caused by the scorching defenses that protected the expert's skin .
dense arrows made of a black fluid shot out of the roots in noah's grasp . the parasite's corrosive aura flew toward robert , but the expert vanquished it by spitting a mouthful of his purple water .
raging waves of dark matter came out of noah's figure and filled the area . the experts quickly deployed their abilities to stop the arrival of the dark world , but instabilities suddenly appeared inside their bodies .
the instabilities detonated and forced the cultivators to deploy the entirety of their laws to suppress their energy . some organs , blood vessels , and chunks of tissues inevitably crumbled during the sudden attack . however , the cultivators could salvage their vital organs and destroy the fuming spikes that were trying to ravage their insides .
the dark world engulfed the four experts since the shadow domain had forced them to focus on the instabilities . their already weaker laws suffered under the suppression of the dark matter , and noah's companions could reveal their real power inside that environment .
snore , duanlong , and night became stronger inside the dark world . the dark matter covered their bodies and made them able to resist the many dangerous defenses that protected the four leaders .
noah could appear above rebecca without worrying about the other experts . his presence remained hidden from the leader's consciousness until a singularity shot out of his blades .
a straight piercing blow fell on rebecca and defeated the scorching membrane that covered her skin . the attack created a hole in her head , but an explosion followed the event and dispersed the dark world .
noah managed to understand what had happened after he arrived higher in the sky . the explosion had flung him far away from the battlefield and had burnt large patches of his skin .
his dark world had disappeared , but the dark matter had managed to protect his companions from rebecca's heat . snore and duanlong soon materialized near him , and night appeared above his head .
the four solid stage cultivators didn't immediately charge at noah . they limited themselves to stare at him while they inspected their injuries .
rebecca had lost one hand , and a bloody hole had appeared on her head . part of castor and melissa's skin had vanished due to snore's destructive dark matter . only robert was completely fine on the outside , but he didn't take joy in his condition .
the four experts had also suffered internal injuries due to the shadow domain . they could still express their peak power , but noah had managed to hurt their pride .
noah was only a liquid stage hybrid , but four solid stage cultivators were struggling to fight him . the leaders didn't even know what to think anymore . they didn't have words to describe their opponent .








chapter 1684 - 1684 . experience
- i might be able to do it .
noah thought while inspecting his opponents .
noah still had instabilities inside his separate space . he had enough darkness to deploy the shadow domain multiple times , and the four leaders had yet to understand how to deal with his many abilities .
however , noah believed that he wouldn't manage to keep his momentum through the entire battle . the leaders would eventually become used to his fighting style , and he couldn't allow himself to end up in that situation .
noah knew that his superiority in the battle came from the experts' weaker laws . the leaders would be virtually unbeatable for him if they could rely on their real existences .
(what are you waiting for?) noah taunted the leaders . (can't you handle a single liquid stage existence? i guess you have chosen the wrong side .)
the leaders didn't fall for his taunts , but they appeared pretty pissed nonetheless . noah's statement was undeniable . their decision to side with heaven and earth was making them unable to deal with a weaker existence .
(how long can you even last?) robert eventually asked . (we can match your blows with our weaker laws , and we outnumber you . your puppets also have limited abilities . it won't take long before we overwhelm your puny tricks .)
(overwhelm? outnumbered?) noah asked before exploding in a cold laugh .
the leaders remained speechless when an army of six-armed dragons left the dark world . dozens of middle tier magical beasts made of noah's improved dark matter and powered by fake cores filled the sky and blocked its white radiance .
robert and the others could only sharpen their eyes at that scene . noah's methods seemed endless . he always had a new ability in store .
noah's ambition seeped inside the six-armed dragons and reinforced their structure . black flames also filled their mouth as they prepared for the imminent battle .
he still had the cursed sword as a trump card , but the blade required some time to become ready . noah was sending part of the immense anger that filled his mind toward the weapon to improve its structure , but it had yet to reach a satisfying state .
(i think you underestimate us too much .) castor revealed a smirk while pointing his hand toward the blinding pillar in the distance .
shining pieces of the pillar separated from the main structure and flew toward the four leaders . the white light fused with their bodies and healed their injuries , bringing them back to a peak state .
(we might be unable to use our real power against you .) castor continued , (but heaven and earth still watch over us . you simply lack the might to deal with the entire world .)
noah inspected that process coldly . castor was right . cultivators who had become part of heaven and earth's system had access to a nigh-unlimited amount of energy . noah had even seen the sky rebuilding an entire expert multiple times .
- i should be able to sever their connection with heaven and earth .
night transmitted through the mental connection .
- however , they are solid stage cultivators . i will need a long time without defenses on the way .
- i don't know if we can win either .
noah replied .
the hidden meaning in night's words was quite clear . noah would have to destroy the leaders' defenses and let the pterodactyl sever their connection with heaven and earth before killing them .
the process would take a long time , and it would also force noah to focus on a single opponent . the leaders would even be aware of night's offensive , so they would protect the cultivator who was slipping away from heaven and earth's grasp .
- harold and the others should be on their way here .
noah thought without showing any fear .
- heaven and earth will also make their move soon . i don't see why i can't test my prowess some more .
noah made up his mind . the battle was probably unwinnable , but the most important players had yet to step into the region . he could vent his anger while he tested his power and became used to fights at that level .
the demonic sword pointed toward the sky as noah raised his arm . his entire army prepared for his order , and the leaders did the same . both sides knew that the next clash wouldn't be as peaceful as the first .
a roar and flames came out of noah's mouth . he gave the order , and the army of six-armed dragons rained down from the sky to engulf the four leaders in their angry offensive .
the dragons launched flames that filled the battlefield , but the four solid stage cultivators didn't bother to dodge them . the creatures' innate ability was powerful , and it tried to imitate noah's fire , but it couldn't hurt those experts .
yet , the dragons surpassed normal magical beasts when it came to their physical might . they could become dangerous if they managed to touch the cultivators , so the latter couldn't let those creatures reach them .
robert , castor , rebecca , and melissa deployed abilities that could affect large areas of the sky .
castor began to perform slow gestures that seemed able to destabilize the incoming magical beasts .
rebecca clapped her hands toward the six-armed dragons , and a heatwave spread forward .
melissa snapped her fingers to create a dense current that invaded the enemy army and transformed when it found the chance to attack .
noah's six-armed dragons were powerful creatures . they were among the best species of magical beasts at their current level . however , the leaders' abilities destroyed them in a single exchange .
robert's toxic rain was unstoppable , and even the dark matter in the dragons crumbled under its power . the wave of heat scorched every creature and destroyed most of them in less than an instant . castor's strange techniques could break apart noah's creations from a distance , and melissa's gale completed the job whenever it found a chance .
the products of the workshop couldn't do anything in that situation . noah lost countless fake cores , but he gained the chance to hide his presence . the army of dragons didn't sacrifice in vain .
noah flew through the shadow domain while the leaders deployed their consciousness to search him . the experts were unable to find him , so they promptly reinforced their insides .
the leaders had been shocked during the first activation of the shadow domain . the technique was simply too strong , and it didn't have clear countermeasures . yet , they could fill their insides with their laws and limit the damage .
- they have already learnt about it .
noah sighed while nearing rebecca from inside the shadow domain .
their experience was something that noah had to fear . it didn't matter that the cultivators had decided to join heaven and earth . they had still survived the struggle to reach the peak of the eighth rank .
- i have to mix stuff up .
noah thought as roots and dark matter covered the demonic sword .
noah pointed the blade toward rebecca's head and released a straight singularity that broke the fabric of the shadow domain during its flight . the expert couldn't even dream about dodging it .








chapter 1685 - 1685 . chance
the parasite's corrosive aura fused with the singularity that shot out of the demonic sword . rebecca couldn't dodge the attack because noah ensured that the shadow domain opened right on her face .
the straight singularity pierced rebecca's skin before reaching the defenses she had amassed in her insides . noah's attack couldn't defeat those techniques on its own , but the corrosive aura allowed him to inflict more damage .
rebecca's face exploded , but she managed to preserve her mental sphere . yet , the corrosive aura spread like a virus through her body and began to destroy her tissues .
the shadow domain crumbled after noah pierced it with the singularity . the other three leaders immediately focused on him and released powerful abilities meant to kill him in one blow .
night cut castor's left eye and severed a large chunk of his head . the expert was using his strange techniques to destabilize noah's figure , but the pterodactyl interrupted the ability .
snore appeared in front of melissa and endured the entirety of her raging currents . the snake exploded into a sea of dense dark matter , but it healed in the next seconds .
duanlong used its innate ability to change the trajectory of robert's attack , but the expert didn't fall for the same trick . he had launched a needle-shaped purple mass that ignored the pulling force and hit noah's left shoulder .
noah's flames had never stopped burning the environment , but his body was too powerful to heal in those short minutes . he couldn't find anything able to fix his charred flesh in the sky and ground , so a few injuries were still visible on his figure .
the needle-shaped mass pierced his skin and seeped inside his shoulder . the attack then released its toxic energy and tried to spread it inside noah's body .
the parasite's corrosive aura damaged noah's flesh , but he didn't care about that at the moment . getting rid of robert's energy had the priority since he could always heal with his flame later .
a sense of weakness spread through noah's shoulder , even if his reaction had been quite immediate . robert had succeeded in weakening his body , but noah already had a counterattack ready .
noah summoned the dark world and spat flames that fused with the dark matter and increased their power . the other cultivators deployed techniques to defeat the violent currents of dark matter , but rebecca's state didn't allow her to fight properly .
pieces of the dark world transformed into a stronger version of noah's innate ability and began to burn rebecca . the expert still had many defenses inside her , but her skin couldn't fight the overwhelming attack .
rebecca burnt and gave her energy to noah . his injuries healed in an instant , and his blade flashed right after . a curved singularity covered in corrosive aura crashed on the wounded expert and made a hole in her defenses .
noah didn't hesitate to point the blade toward the weak spot in her defenses , but the dark world suddenly sensed the arrival of a second cultivator . robert had been the first to pierce through the dark matter and find a path toward noah .
robert raised his finger , and a purple whip followed . his weapon cut through the dark matter easily , and it threatened to reach noah . however , the laws of space began to bend and delayed the arrival of the attack .
- it will hit me anyway .
noah thought without halting his attack .
his ability in bending space had improved after the period as a devil , but robert's attacks could cut through noah's tricks . even opening a portal to the void wouldn't work due to his flexible purple substance .
noah could avoid the whip , but that would cost him the chance to attack rebecca . the expert's condition was awful , and noah didn't want heaven and earth to undo his work .
the decision arrived immediately in his mind . noah didn't even bother to hesitate in that situation . he had the best body in the entire world . enduring damage was what he had built himself to do .
the demonic sword covered by roots and dark matter landed on rebecca's c .h .e .s .t . that spot was the most damaged area on her body . her defenses had finally revealed a flaw .
a piercing singularity came out of the demonic sword and created a large hole in her c .h .e .s .t . moreover , the corrosive aura seeped into her tissues and began to expand through her body .
the shadow domain opened and filled rebecca with instabilities . noah could see his spiked weapons and his flames materializing inside the hole and in the rest of her organs .
then , the whip arrived . robert cracked his weapon on noah's body . his skin remained in one piece , but large purple spots appeared on his side .
the black hole and the parasite attacked that toxic energy , but robert had managed to deliver far more of his law at that time . the purple spots spread even after the suppression of noah's assets .
a sense of weakness filled noah , but he didn't forget to return inside the shadow domain and teleport away . robert couldn't find anything when he reached his position , and rebecca's explosion only increased his surprise .
noah reappeared in a distant spot of the dark world . the damage inflicted to rebecca's insides through his flames sent energy to his body and helped fight the infection .
robert's substance had changed . it seemed to have a will now , and it even knew where to expand to hurt noah .
- he can learn about his opponents during the infections !
 noah exclaimed in his mind .
robert had modified his purple substance . his attack seemed able to counter noah's innate defenses . still , it couldn't do anything against the dark matter and parasite , so pressure eventually fell on the poison .
noah healed his injuries while inspecting the battlefield . robert , melissa , and castor had freed themselves from the dark world and had returned under the white sky .
the white pillar didn't need to heal them at that time , but it still sent energy to them . it seemed that the structure could even take care of the state of their centers of power .
instead , rebecca didn't move . her body had mostly disappeared after the explosions , and the dark world had never stopped sending noah's ambition toward her .
- did i kill her?
 noah wondered .
the dark world could provide information about rebecca's state in an instant . the expert had died , but noah couldn't feel certain about that after his experience with otto .
- sever her connection with heaven and earth while she isn't under the sky .
noah ordered , and night immediately disappeared inside her figure .
meanwhile , the dark world began to create another army of six-armed dragons . noah was ready to give his everything to keep the three cultivators outside of the dark world .
noah finally had the chance to kill one of his opponents . that feat could open a path toward victory . his hopes to defeat four solid stage cultivators wouldn't be too unreal anymore .
still , robert , castor , and melissa had learnt how noah acted . they had even acknowledged his power . the fact that rebecca didn't come out of the dark world could only mean that noah had defeated her , so she needed their help .
the three cultivators pointed their hands toward the black sea and released massive abilities . wind , poison , and invisible destruction landed on noah's technique and made it crumble .
noah had to teleport himself away to avoid that massive offensive . his army of dragons vanished in an instant , and rebecca's body completely crumbled .








chapter 1686 - 1686 . system
noah and the three solid stage cultivators kept their eyes on the destroyed battlefield . the leaders didn't spare rebecca in their mindless destruction , but her law was in the open now .
night reappeared near noah . the companion had lost a wing during the attack . it didn't manage to dodge the entirety of the destructive wave of abilities that had fallen on the dark world .
- i didn't manage to complete the severing .
night explained through the mental connection .
- how long until you can fight again?
 noah asked .
- no need to wait .
night replied .
- your darkness can keep me battle-ready for a while .
- start to recover now anyway .
noah ordered , and the pterodactyl returned inside the black hole to benefit from the dark matter .
the experts glanced toward noah , but their eyes quickly returned on the destroyed battlefield . they were waiting for their rulers to make their move .
heaven and earth didn't let them wait too long . the pillar sent part of its light to the sky , and the whiteness in the area intensified .
a series of small lights slowly formed among the broken battlefield , and noah could only sigh at that sight . he had seen a similar scene before . his battle against otto had already taught him what was about to happen .
the lights intensified and gathered to give birth to a human figure . heaven and earth slowly rebuild rebecca , but her complexion appeared far from ideal .
rebecca seemed to have carried injuries from her previous state . that didn't happen with otto . heaven and earth had resurrected the expert in perfect condition multiple times back then .
- did my law hurt heaven and earth's system?
 noah wondered .
the damage could come from night , but noah doubted that the pterodactyl had managed to sever too much during that short time . something else had affected rebecca's state , and noah guessed that his law could explain that event .
- did my existence became able to damage the laws of heaven and earth's followers?
 noah wondered .
his ambition didn't directly touch heaven and earth . it had mutated part of the laws that had joined their system . still , there was a chance that the transformations counted as theft in that case .
- maybe they can't do much when the very core of a law suffers damage .
noah thought .
the power of the devils flowed through his law . noah's existence had developed resistance to heaven and earth , and it had also become able to damage them .
(don't tell me that your mighty rulers can't recreate laws that have left their system .) noah laughed when looking at the pale rebecca . (your immortality is a little weak .)
the three cultivators in the sky ignored his taunts as usual , but rebecca didn't seem calm anymore . pure anger came out of her eyes , and an unsightly expression soon fell on her face .
(do you know for how long i had to cultivate to expand my existence?) rebecca said while gritting her teeth . (you made me waste millennia of training . even part of my memories has disappeared .)
(stop right there !) robert shouted . (don't reveal anything !)
(what does it matter?) rebecca replied . (he won't live to see the end of this battle !)
rebecca shot ahead , and the three experts followed her . however , she remained a few hundreds of meters ahead of her companions .
noah smirked at that sight . he had finally managed to taunt one of his opponents . he only had to exploit that chance now .
a wave of bloodl .u .s .t flowed out of noah's figure . a black handle came out of his c .h .e .s .t , and a middle tier aura followed that scene .
noah drew the cursed sword and covered it with dark matter before spreading roots over its surface . the blade had finally reached the intended level , and noah couldn't wait to use it .
- can you launch solid stage attacks?
 noah asked through the mental connection .
- that won't be a problem .
the cursed sword replied .
- the anger that you gave me completed the requirements for the breakthrough . i can make your power go beyond its limits .
- perfect .
noah quickly replied before placing both swords on his forehead .
his consciousness spread while carrying an intense sharpness . the air in the area vanished as his power covered the entire region and released a singularity that didn't let his opponents escape .
robert , caster , and melissa quickly deployed defensive techniques , but they soon discovered that noah's attack didn't reflect his previous power . instead , it could now overwhelm their weaker laws and pierce through their defenses .
rebecca couldn't bother to defend . she launched a scorching wave of energy with the shape of a pillar to create a path through the instability . yet , her energy crumbled when it touched the attack , and noah's sharpness ended up engulfing her .
the four experts struggled to endure the power contained by the attack . invisible energy was ravaging their bodies and piercing their defenses . their figures kept shrinking as chunks of their body disappeared .
robert could get rid of noah's sharpness after losing one arm , both legs , and a large chunk of his c .h .e .s .t . his energy skyrocketed and covered a large patch of the sky with his purple substance . still , the action left him clearly weakened .
melissa and castor suffered worse injuries . their limbs disappeared in an instant , and pieces of their head broke before vanishing in the invisible energy . their torso also saw holes opening in its fabric before bursts of energy expanded from their figure .
rebecca had tried to attack , so her defenses were far weaker . her figure only struggled for a few seconds before vanishing again .
noah suffered heavy drawbacks . two cuts opened on his torso and pierced him from side to side . his shoulders began to fall toward the ground , but he deployed the dark world to salvage them .
the dark world couldn't reach the experts due to their discharge of energy , but it could quicken noah's recovery and keep his body in one piece .
the sky shone on the leaders again . the white light made sure to heal the trio's injuries and resurrect rebecca , and noah didn't fail to study the scene .
robert , castor , and melissa recovered completely . no sign of their weakened state remained on their figures . instead , rebecca came back to life even paler than before . she appeared on the verge of fainting , and her cultivation level almost left the solid stage .
- i need to kill them to apply the effects of my ambition .
noah concluded in his mind .
the last exchange had allowed noah to confirm some of his ideas . heaven and earth had managed to heal the cultivators who didn't die , but they had failed to restore rebecca's power .
night didn't even intervene in the exchange . noah could finally confirm that his law could affect heaven and earth's system , and killing his opponents was the trigger for those effects .
- i can definitely kill one of them .
noah thought while forcing the dark world to condense into the fiendish armor .
- maybe two if they start losing their cool .
rebecca was even angrier than before , but some calm had returned to her expression . she could really risk dying if she continued committing mistakes . she couldn't be reckless anymore since noah had ways to end her life .








chapter 1687 - 1687 . plan
the battle halted for a few seconds . both sides were reviewing the previous exchanges to find a flaw in their opponents , but the situation appeared quite annoying .
noah had just found a way to kill his opponents , but the latter wouldn't show openings in their defenses anymore now . their cultivation level gave them the upper hand in the fight , and their battle experience allowed them to exploit that feature .
on the other hand , the four leaders found it hard to evaluate noah's power . he continued to show new abilities , and his energy reserves didn't seem to have limits .
ordinary liquid stage cultivators would deplete their (breath) quickly to keep up with multiple solid stage experts . the four leaders knew that part of those limits didn't apply to noah due to his hybrid status , but his power still failed to make sense .
noah didn't appear tired in the slightest . he could fix injuries inflicted by solid stage cultivators with his flames , and his attacks could put the leaders in danger .
yet , both sides had found a path toward victory . robert and the others had learnt to counter some of noah's abilities , and the latter had discovered that his law could hurt his opponents .
plans formed in the experts' minds . both noah and the leaders developed tactics during those silent moments .
- the drawbacks of the cursed sword are tough to handle at this level .
noah considered in his mind ,
- but the dark world can force my body to stay in one piece .
the leaders had similar thoughts . heaven and earth's light could heal and resurrect them . that would give them enough time to counter noah's abilities and corner him .
(shall we resume?) robert asked while revealing a cold smirk .
his companions inspected him with curious gazes , but they soon understood the reason behind his words . noah was using that break to recover , so it was better to resume fighting immediately .
noah understood something different from that question . robert and the others didn't need to be so polite during the battle . they could directly attack him instead of wasting time with useless conversations .
- they are also waiting for something .
noah concluded in his mind .
even king elbass and the rest of noah's team were unclear about heaven and earth's trump card . they didn't know what the world had planned to vanquish the devils . still , noah couldn't hesitate in that situation . he had to take risks to obtain benefits .
(i think you are aware of my next target .) noah announced while giving voice to a laugh and pointing the demonic sword toward rebecca .
the leaders snorted before shooting toward noah . their laws expanded to create domains that transformed large areas of the sky and empower their abilities .
a toxic cloud expanded from robert's figure , and raging winds followed melissa's movements . rebecca and castor entered in noah's range before stopping and deploying ranged abilities .
rebecca had to pay attention to her life , and castor remained with her to ensure that noah failed to sever her connection with heaven and earth . both experts could deploy ranged abilities anyway , so they didn't need to approach their opponent .
the situation worked in noah's favor . he had succeeded in alarming his opponents . he only had to find a way to exploit that advantage now .
- they expect me to aim for rebecca .
noah thought as his swords landed on his forehead .
his consciousness expanded and spread his deadly sharpness through the battlefield . images of the previous exchanges ran through his vision as he tried to find a different target .
robert seemed the strongest among the group . noah would generally focus on him , but he didn't feel confident in that approach since his power still fell short compared to the cultivator .
castor used strange techniques that noah had yet to understand . he didn't feel strong , but noah decided to avoid him anyway . wasting time to unravel the expert's abilities didn't sound like a smart choice .
his focus eventually fell on melissa . her winds were flexible , but they seemed a weaker version of robert's law . they relied on smart attacks that contained a lot of power , but noah's body could counter that feature .
the domains vanished when noah released his attack . a singularity as large as the region spread through the sky and destroyed almost everything on its path .
the four leaders were ready for that attack . they sacrificed their domains to keep their body safe , but the might carried by noah's slash still forced them to halt their offensive .
rebecca and castor even suffered some injuries since the latter had to make up for his companion's state . rebecca was far from her peak , and her abilities couldn't deal with noah's power anymore now that he had wielded the cursed sword .
pieces of noah's body exploded . he even lost one arm due to the drawbacks , but the dark matter quickly replicated it . that was only a temporary method to ignore his injuries , but noah couldn't do anything better at the moment .
robert and melissa quickly resumed their charge while rebecca and castor dealt with their injuries , but noah disappeared before they could reach his position .
robert and melissa immediately turned to shoot toward their companions . in their mind , noah was clearly aiming for rebecca , so they had to help her .
a massive snake materialized in front of castor and rebecca . the two experts tried to destroy snore right away , but the blood companion released its feathers and made the whole area fall into chaos .
raging waves of dark matter spread through the battlefield . snore's attack covered the sky with a black sea that expanded even in the nearby regions .
the shockwaves released during the explosion forced the four leaders to deploy defensive abilities . the attack was too massive . they didn't believe that snore could deploy something like that .
still , robert and melissa did their best to create a path through the raging dark matter and reach their companions . they knew that noah's attack would arrive soon , and rebecca was in no condition to block his offensive .
robert managed to reach rebecca quickly due to his toxic substance . a few injuries inevitably appeared on his body due to his reckless charge , but they didn't bother him . he only felt glad to find that his two companions were safe .
yet , that situation made robert confused . noah clearly had the chance to reach rebecca before him . something was wrong , but the expert couldn't understand what was happening .
rebecca and castor shared robert's worries . the three experts exchanged a glance before covering their insides with defenses . they prepared for noah's arrival , but he never showed himself .
the trio's confusion intensified , but an idea suddenly appeared in their mind . the three experts turned at the same time , and the scene that unfolded in their vision left them speechless .
robert's tunnel was still in place , so the leaders could see what was happening among the raging that matter . noah was withstanding that destructive energy with his b .a .r .e body while crouching on top of melissa's shoulders .
his swords had stabbed her head , and light had already abandoned her eyes . melissa had died during that short moment of distraction , and heaven and earth couldn't reach her among that destructive energy .
robert and the others immediately stepped forward to help their friend , but noah revealed a cold smile at that scene . night promptly shot out of his c .h .e .s .t to enter melissa's figure , and a layer of dark matter covered her before noah retreated inside the dark environment .
noah carried melissa's corpse with him . the leaders wouldn't give night the time to sever heaven and earth's laws if he deployed the dark world , so he changed his approach . he would run away until his prisoner wholly died .








chapter 1688 - 1688 . certain
worry filled robert , rebecca , and castor . they couldn't move freely inside the raging black currents , and their abilities couldn't help them in that environment .
the leaders could destroy large areas filled with dark matter , but they couldn't find noah with that approach . they could only search him blindly , but they knew how pointless that was .
noah also suffered from the destructive waves of power released by snore's attack , but his body could endure that damage . he even had access to defensive techniques that used dark matter , so his situation was far better than his opponents .
moreover , noah had prepared for the explosion of snore's feathers . he was one step ahead his opponents , and that gave him the chance to leave the chaotic area before them .
noah reappeared under the white sky , but his dark world immediately expanded to hide his tracks . melissa's corpse was still in his grasp , and a layer of dark matter above her skin made sure that she never touched heaven and earth's light .
flames came out of noah's mouth and seeped inside the dark matter that covered melissa . the higher energy replicated his innate ability and burnt the corpse , sending its power back to noah .
the third attack with the cursed sword had destroyed his body even further , but the energy contained in melissa's dantian fixed all his injuries . noah returned at his peak during the escape , and only his overwhelming bloodl .u .s .t continued to flow out of his figure .
that aspect of the drawbacks would usually make noah lose his cool . the violent thoughts generated by the bloodl .u .s .t carried an immense power , but his mind seemed partially immune to them after his period as a devil .
the anger carried by the other world's will had affected his mental walls . it had modified their structure and made them resistant to that feeling .
noah could benefit from that transformation since the bloodl .u .s .t carried a similar vibe . his mind thrived among that violence . it even used part of it as fuel for the demonic deduction technique .
robert and the others soon came out of the area affected by the violent dark matter . injuries filled their bodies , but heaven and earth quickly healed them . still , their worry only intensified when they saw the dark world in the sky .
(damned coward !) rebecca shouted while pointing her hands toward the dark world .
robert and castor imitated her . massive spells shot out of their figures and clashed on the dark world , destroying the technique in a single exchange . yet , the leaders didn't find noah even after the dark matter vanished .
(we must find him !) rebecca continued to shout , and castor shared her panic .
only robert managed to remain calm in that situation . it was clear that noah was trying to buy himself some time , and panicking wouldn't bring the group closer to a solution .
another black sea suddenly materialized among the sky . robert could almost see noah's mocking expression when his eyes landed on that technique . the dark world was clearly a decoy , but the leaders had to fall for it anyway .
the trio released another wave of spells and destroyed the second dark world , but a third sea suddenly enveloped them . noah had used their offensive to surround the experts with the technique stealthily . the leaders didn't even sense him in that situation .
(he is toying with us !) castor shouted as a large patch of dark matter crumbled and cleared his surroundings .
(let's destroy the entire area !) rebecca proposed . (he won't be able to dodge an attack at that level .)
robert remained silent . the dark world shattered in his vision , but more black seas appeared in the sky and hid its white radiance .
some respect for his opponent appeared in his mind . robert had never met such a canny and ruthless warrior . noah embodied the very meaning of defiance .
the sole fact that noah had managed to put four solid stage experts in that situation was a victory . robert didn't let his mind feel despair even if he knew which events would unfold in the next minutes .
noah would continue to buy himself time , and the three leaders wouldn't be able to do anything against that . they could barely keep up with his offensive . chasing him through his countless tricks was simply impossible .
robert remained silent as he accepted that outcome . his companions continued to shout and propose tactics , but he limited himself to turn toward the blinding pillar in the distance .
heaven and earth were about to lose a powerful member of their system , but they didn't do anything to stop the event . they only cared about defeating the other world's will , but they wouldn't mind sacrificing entire armies in the process .
those rulers saw the cultivators who joined their system as nothing more than expendable pawns . heaven and earth forced experts to give up on their laws , and they offered nice advantages in exchange . yet , they never really cared for those existences .
(when did i become so weak?) robert eventually whispered .
robert had opposed heaven and earth during his life . that was the standard path that every cultivator had to travel to reach the higher ranks . however , he had ended up falling for their presents after enduring countless punishments .
that was also normal . existences far stronger than him had decided to side with heaven and earth since they didn't find a way out of their punishments . death was the only other available option .
yet , his belief inevitably destabilized in front of noah . robert saw how an existence with a lower cultivation level could freely toy with them without triggering heaven and earth's reaction .
(what did you say?) rebecca asked as hope shone in her eyes .
rebecca had accepted that robert was stronger than her , but she didn't manage to hear robert's words . her attention had been on the various dark worlds that materialized in the sky . the spectacle of darkness and light had made her unable to mind her companion .
(nothing .) robert sighed . (melissa is dead . we need to defeat him as three .)
(how can you say something like that?) rebecca asked .
(melissa must be among this darkness !) castor added . (we can save her if we work together .)
robert shook his head , and his companions widened their eyes at that sight . they couldn't understand why robert had already given up on melissa , but part of them silently shared his feelings .
everything unfolded as robert had predicted . noah used the shadow domain and the dark worlds to cover his tracks while night and his law damaged melissa's existence .
noah left the shadow domain only to deploy the dark world and create baits for his opponents . he never stopped during his escape , and his energy depleted at a fast pace due to the relentless use of his techniques .
night kept noah updated on melissa's condition . the corpse had long since burnt in the black flames , but a layer of dark matter still isolated her law from the outside world .
the process didn't take long , but it still felt like an eternity to noah . the dark world didn't consume much energy , but the shadow domain forced his dantian to go overboard . the constant destruction of his technique also weighed on his energy reserves , but those details never managed to affect his ecstasy .
- it's over .
night eventually transmitted through the mental connection .
- are you sure about that?
 noah asked .
- completely certain .
night replied .
- check again .
noah ordered .
- i've just done it .
night complained .
- do it again .
noah ordered .
- we can't allow any slip-ups . i don't want to see heaven and earth resurrecting her again .
- there is nothing left in your grasp !
 night snorted .
- what do you even want me to inspect? your darkness has already eaten the mutated laws .
noah stopped escaping at that point . a quick inspection confirmed that night was right . the sack of dark matter didn't contain any law anymore . every trace of melissa had left the world .








chapter 1689 - 1689 . vortex
noah hesitated . he wanted to check if he had succeeded in killing melissa , but the fear that heaven and earth would resurrect her still filled his mind .
however , noah couldn't do anything else in that situation . night had severed melissa's connection with heaven and earth , and his law had mutated her existence . his dark matter had even devoured her power , leaving noah with nothing but a mass of his own energy .
- i need to test this .
noah eventually sighed .
robert , castor , and rebecca had never stopped inspecting the dark worlds that appeared in the sky . still , surprise dawned on their face when those techniques vanished .
the dark matter dispersed and flowed back toward a humanoid figure . the leaders could finally lay their eyes on noah again , but their worry only intensified at that sight .
noah appeared to be in perfect condition . his injuries had vanished , and his ambition still shone among the sky . melissa's corpse wasn't in his grasp anymore either , and a curious expression filled his face .
(what did you do with her?) rebecca shouted , but noah didn't mind her in the slightest .
noah kept his eyes on the sky . his attention would go on the blinding pillar every once in a while , but he seemed to have no intention to move .
robert heaved a loud sigh . noah's behavior spoke clearly to his mind . it was evident that noah was waiting for heaven and earth to do something .
castor studied robert's expression before moving his attention on the pillar . he had also understood what had happened , but hope still shone in his eyes .
rebecca eventually reached the same conclusion as her companions , and her eyes also fell on the blinding pillar . she had tasted noah's power first-hand , but she didn't dare to lose faith in heaven and earth .
the light didn't move nor change its behavior . it continued to illuminate the sky , but it didn't send any power to resurrect melissa . heaven and earth remained silent at her death .
(where are you keeping melissa?) castor asked as his hopes began to crumble .
noah didn't even hear the expert . his whole attention was on the pillar . he struggled to believe that he had succeeded in the task , but heaven and earth's silence was slowly clearing his doubts .
- i told you that she was dead .
night snorted through the mental connection .
- i never joke around when it comes to light .
- we are dealing with powers that we can't understand .
noah replied .
- it's only normal to be careful .
night didn't speak anymore . truth be told , the pterodactyl shared noah's doubts , but the world was clearing them . heaven and earth didn't even seem to notice melissa's death . they remained silent and ignored the battlefield altogether .
- we really did it !
 noah shouted in his mind , but he quickly suppressed the happiness that was trying to reach his expression .
a cold smile appeared on his face as he turned toward the three experts . his ambition even skyrocketed once he confirmed the death of his solid stage opponent . noah had consumed his potential for night in the past , but his law was generating more of it after his last achievement .
(i told you .) noah announced in a cold tone . (your immortality is quite weak . your rulers didn't even notice that she is dead .)
his cold laugh followed his taunt . noah had yet to turn the battle in his favor , but he had taken the first step toward that goal .
(how can he accomplish so much?) castor snorted while focusing on noah . (he is only a liquid stage hybrid . one of my fingers should carry more power than his entire existence .)
(it's clear that we are dealing with a monster .) robert sighed . (i have never seen such a powerful existence . he lives in a different realm .)
(what's up with you?) rebecca snorted at that comment . (did you start to like him? we can't allow ourselves to go soft against him .)
rebecca and castor had a closer relationship with melissa . the three of them had ruled over a floating lake since the beginning of the crisis . they knew robert from before the devils , but he was nothing more than a name in the previous political system for them .
melissa's death had created tension in their relationship , especially since robert didn't appear bothered by the event . he had accepted it silently without showing any sorrow .
(don't you dare to question my loyalty toward heaven and earth .) robert replied , (but don't expect me to underestimate my opponents blindly . he deserves our acknowledgment and respect .)
robert then pointed at noah before shouting a question . (what's your name?)
one of noah's eyebrows arched . he didn't expect that development , especially since otto had learnt his name from heaven and earth .
(noah balvan .) noah replied , and the ambition that flowed out of his figure added deep meanings to his words . (defying demon works too .)
(you can call me robert .) robert shouted . (you have my deepest respect .)
robert performed a bow that surprised his companions and noah . his loyalty toward heaven and earth couldn't stop his actions . the expert had to express how he felt . his very existence demanded that .
(maybe you aren't a lost cause .) noah laughed . (what do you think about switching sides? i'm sure i can rearrange your existence . though , it might require a few deaths .)
(you should ask this after defeating me .) robert snorted .
(too late .) noah growled as his greed spread through the sky . (i already want you .)
noah raised his swords and prepared himself to resume his offensive , but a heavy pressure suddenly fell on the entire area . that energy came from the white pillar , and its arrival forced every battle to a stop .
the improved sharks , the devils , and noah instinctively turned to look at an empty spot in the sky . they could feel that something was about to come from that area .
robert , rebecca , castor , and the other cultivators fighting in the distance imitated their enemies . they pointed their eyes at the sky and waited for heaven and earth to make their move .
the pillar of light suddenly released a massive amount of its energy and sent it toward that spot . the blinding radiance of the sky intensified as the whiteness created an immense vortex .
- don't tell me .
noah gasped while studying the vortex .
the portal led toward higher areas of the sky , but noah knew that the other side of the immortal lands didn't have other forces . still , he had learnt from great builder about the existence of other organizations hidden in the white layer that surrounded the higher plane .
a series of human figures slowly came out from the blinding center of the vortex . multiple powerful auras spread through the sky and covered the entire region .
the white radiance slowly dimmed and revealed the army that had gathered in the sky . noah almost couldn't believe his consciousness when he sensed a rank 9 aura spreading from that group and covering entire regions with its heavy pressure .
however , a second breathtaking event followed the arrival of those troops . a roar came out from a distant spot and made the entire battlefield tremble .
noah's instincts shook again . he could understand the power behind that roar . the cry belonged to a rank 9 magical beast that had announced its desire to fight the cultivators from the sky .








chapter 1690 - 1690 . surprise
- what is even happening?
 noah shouted in his mind .
the battlefield had turned upside-down in a matter of seconds . two rank 9 existences had suddenly announced their presence . noah didn't even know where to begin to create hypotheses .
noah could understand that heaven and earth's plan featured the troops living inside the sky . he could see that the army of cultivators that had come out of the vortex wielded weapons that made his instincts scream in fear .
however , he didn't expect a rank 9 magical beast to be nearby . noah expanded his consciousness to inspect the source of the deafening scream , and his senses almost went dark when they reached his target .
a tall white lion had appeared on the horizon . the creature was quite big , and its mane seemed able to fuse with the environment . space bent whenever its hair fluttered in the wind , and heaven and earth's laws fell apart during that process .
- the second mutated species !
 noah exclaimed in his mind .
his prediction had turned out to be correct . noah had guessed that other living beings could have benefited from the mutations , but he didn't expect that they would involve a rank 9 existence .
- the specimen must have lived in the windy regions .
noah thought .
- it would explain why it didn't clash with the sharks and didn't react to the devils .
noah wanted to study the lion further , but he couldn't waste time in that situation . he couldn't remain on the battlefield anymore . the fight had entered a realm that he couldn't affect .
robert , rebecca , and castor seemed to share his surprise . they appeared unaware of the details behind heaven and earth's plan , and the arrival of the rank 9 specimen left them speechless .
still , they didn't panic . the three leaders knew that the new troops were on their side , and cultivators were generally stronger than magical beasts anyway . the rank 9 expert could take care of the lion .
(only a rebellious will could give birth to such a filthy creature .) the rank 9 cultivator whispered , and his words spread through entire regions .
noah's ears hurt when the expert's words reached him . they seemed able to dig right through his existence and ruin his centers of power . they sounded like weapons meant to destroy heaven and earth's enemies .
the lion didn't remain silent at that announcement . a second deafening cry came out of its mouth and destroyed the soundwaves generated by the cultivator .
both noah and the weaker cultivators suffered during the clash between the two rank 9 existences . mere words and roars were enough to make them puke blood .
noah didn't dare to linger in the area . he didn't even feel the slightest tinge of hesitation . his figure disappeared as he entered the shadow domain and began his great escape .
(i'll kill you before dealing with that creature .) the rank 9 cultivator announced , and his words reached the insides of the shadow domain .
noah saw cracks spreading through the edges of his dark dimension . his technique crumbled in mere seconds , and the white light of the sky soon shone on his figure again .
the soundwave generated by the expert's voice didn't hurt him at that time , but noah didn't take joy in that feature . the event had proved that the cultivator could deal with the shadow domain easily . his greatest movement technique had failed him .
- what do i do now?
 noah wondered as panic began to spread through his mind .
noah knew the answer to that question . there wasn't much that he could do in that situation . even his defying power couldn't handle rank 9 existences .
(what are you waiting for?) noah roared while turning toward the lion .
the cultivators couldn't understand that language , but noah didn't obtain the desired effects . the lion wouldn't take orders from a weaker existence . the creature remained in the distance , and its eyes only minded the rank 9 cultivator .
(heaven and earth sentence you to death .) the rank 9 cultivator announced while raising his hand toward the sky .
his fingers began to close to form a fist , and a heavy pressure surrounded noah at that gesture . the attack followed the cultivator's action . its pace matched the movements of the expert's hand .
noah saw the world closing on him . heaven and earth's whiteness gathered around him and created a shrinking prison ready to squeeze his body to death .
there was no way out of that situation . noah couldn't deal with that amount of power . his movement techniques and shadow domain were useless against the cultivator's energy .
(is your power just for show?) noah roared toward the lion . (does a single human scare you so much?)
noah continued to throw taunts toward the lion . the rank 9 specimen was his only hope to escape the cultivator's attack , and his cries slowly managed to anger it .
the pressure closed quickly , but it suddenly halted when a second rank 9 aura appeared in the distance . the human troops couldn't help but stare in disbelief at the arrival of another rank 9 lion .
the lions shot forward , and the ground began to tremble due to the might released during their movements . roars also filled the environment and forced space to twist . the pressure around noah soon shattered under the assault of those soundwaves .
noah used that chance to deploy the dark world again and try to escape as fast as possible , but the shockwaves ended up destroying his technique . it seemed that his personal dimension was too weak to endure that offensive .
- fine .
noah snorted in his mind while spitting a mouthful of blood .
- i will endure this with my body .
noah shot in the distance without deploying any additional technique . he didn't even rely on spells since they were mostly useless in that situation . the roars or the cultivators would simply destroy them with their pressure .
his figure transformed into a blade that pierced the sky and left the region in an instant . noah had chosen his direction randomly , but he didn't care about his destination as long as it didn't lead to more rank 9 existences .
noah flew as fast as he could . soundwaves continued to land on his body and interrupted his technique , but he always resumed sprinting . it didn't matter how much blood he spat during the escape . remaining on the battlefield wasn't an option anymore .
the rank 9 man appeared annoyed to see noah escaping , but he didn't try to catch him . the soundwaves made the sky too fragile , and even his spells suffered against two powerful magical beasts .
noah flew at full speed until a few familiar figures appeared in his vision . king elbass and the rest of his team saw noah and gestured to him to follow them .
noah didn't hesitate to do as they said , and he soon ended up in an underground structure covered with golden inscriptions . his team had already built a temporary home , and that was enough for the time being .








chapter 1691 - 1691 . unavoidable
(what the heck was that?) luke shouted while the group moved through the underground structure .
(how am i supposed to know?) noah replied . (we are talking about rank 9 existences . i don't even know how to find them .)
(what do we do now?) king elbass asked while checking the state of his inscriptions .
(we leave the area and never return to this damned place .) noah announced . (the situation has become too complicated for existences at our level . the mission is over . we must return to the other side of the immortal lands .)
(leaving already?) robert's voice resounded through the underground structure before purple drops began to pierce the inscribed ceiling and destroy the golden lines .
the group wanted to continue their escape , but the underground structure crumbled before they could fly past the attack . whiteness flooded the tunnel , and a familiar trio appeared above them .
(why are you even following us?) noah asked while inspecting the area . (i thought your friends would take over the situation now .)
(they have the magical beasts to handle .) robert explained . (still , lord augustus has told us to execute those who have rebelled against heaven and earth . his words are absolute .)
(let's kill each other after we put some distance from the battlefield .) noah shouted , but robert and his companions didn't seem willing to wait .
spells gathered around their figures . robert , castor , and rebecca didn't only rely on their weaker laws there . they also used their actual existence to create different abilities that targeted the other members of noah's group .
king elbass and the others didn't develop any immunity to heaven and earth's laws , so the three leaders could use their real power against them . the situation looked awful for noah's group . nothing seemed able to get them outside of the spells' range .
noah didn't hesitate to point the cursed sword toward his opponents . he wouldn't die without putting up a fight , but the battlefield ended up saving him before he could attack .
the lions and the new army clashed , and a massive shockwave spread from their position . the power generated by the two forces destroyed entire regions and reached noah's position , destabilizing the spells threatening his well-being .
the shockwave flung robert's group away and created an opening for noah's team . the experts left the underground structure and began to fly in a different direction in the hope of escaping the fury of the battlefield .
a white radiance flashed in the sky and sent energy to robert's group . the leaders' injuries healed in an instant and allowed them to chase noah's team . the experts could rely on their real laws during their pursuit , and their speed turned out to be far higher than their targets .
(we can't shake them off !) king elbass commented , but noah didn't mind that .
noah didn't lie to robert before . he wanted the expert to join his organization , but the arrival of rank 9 existences had ruined his plans . yet , noah wouldn't mind resuming his battle against the three solid stage cultivators once the battlefield was far away .
(we have already dealt with rank 9 existences before .) noah explained . (fighting them is impossible at our current level . let's put as much distance as possible from the battlefield and hope that the lions buy us enough time to defeat our opponents .)
no one could complain about noah's plan . their situation was quite clear . they couldn't shake the leaders off , so a fight was inevitable .
(the pig , fergie , elbas , and luke will take care of rebecca .) noah ordered . (wilfred and divine demon will handle castor . i'll defeat the last guy . let's try to finish everything quickly .)
that division wasn't random . noah had created every team after a quick evaluation of his friends . the weaker assets would take care of the wounded leader , while the strongest would handle castor .
noah could deal with the strongest leader by himself due to his resistance to heaven and earth's law . moreover , he wanted robert to switch sides , so he had to handle the matter personally .
robert and his companions reached noah's team in a few seconds , but a wave of attacks forced them to stop their chase temporarily . king elbass and the others launched massive abilities toward their opponents , and noah made sure to envelop those blows with his existence .
noah's team managed to gain a few more seconds , allowing them to escape deeper into the immortal lands . however , robert's group caught up quickly , and the defenses that covered their body made any other attempt to stall the situation useless .
noah had transmitted what he had learnt about the trio's abilities during the escape . king elbass and the others were ready to face those opponents . the only problem in the plan was the need to rely on the lions .
the experts lost their momentum immediately , and noah's group didn't waste that chance . they divided themselves according to noah's orders and began to focus on their opponents .
noah shot through the destruction generated by his attack while dark matter enveloped his figure . the last blow had required the cursed sword , so his body was enduring huge drawbacks .
a purple halo filled his vision , but noah thrust his blades to create a hole in that defensive spell . his eyes could soon notice robert's figure at the end of that damaged spot , and noah's weapons didn't hesitate to flash again .
a straight singularity pierced the tunnel and tried to land on robert , but the latter's existence exploded outward and destroyed noah's attempt to end the battle quickly .
the explosion also involved the other battlefields . rebecca and castor suffered from his discharge of energy , but heaven and earth took care of their injuries . they even rebuilt robert in a matter of seconds .
(that wasn't too bad .) robert snorted .
robert feared noah's laws more than death . heaven and earth would always bring him back even if his existence detonated , but those rulers wouldn't be able to do anything if noah tainted him .
the expert was using his situation to his advantage . having heaven and earth's backing allowed him to resort to ruthless plans without even risking losing something .
noah didn't mind that detail . he had already accepted that robert was quite resourceful , but the expert was alone now . noah could use all his tricks on him and force him to lower his head as a sign of submission .
a dense layer of his toxic substance clashed with the singularity and blocked the attack . robert had managed to stop a slash generated through the cursed sword even if he only had weaker laws .
- did he learn so much about my attacks already?
 noah wondered at that sight .
robert's laws could adapt to his opponents . it had almost been able to exploit noah's weaknesses before , but now it seemed capable of countering his attacks too .
(the time for games is over .) robert announced . (you have kept me alive for too many exchanges . i have learnt enough about your law to develop countermeasures to all your techniques .)
(i still have tricks at hand .) noah replied in a cold tone as a smile appeared on his face .
(they will be over soon .) robert commented , and the toxic energy around him transformed into a series of needle-shaped attacks that began to rain toward noah .








chapter 1692 - 1692 . sad
noah had partially lied to robert . he didn't have many tricks left . actually , he only had one ability that the experts had yet to see .
that situation prevented noah from creating various tactics that could help him surprise his opponent . plans and strategies couldn't help him anymore . it was time to go all-out and see if his abilities could defeat robert's full power .
the dark world expanded and faced the rain of toxic masses . the needle-shaped attacks pierced the dark matter and created large holes in noah's technique , but the latter still managed to use those short seconds .
noah used the dark world to hide his movements and teleport behind robert . the expert promptly turned , but blades stabbed his neck before he could deploy abilities .
corrosive aura spread through robert's flesh while the blades dug deeper into his body . noah was using the entirety of his physical power during the attack , but he still struggled to pierce robert's body .
defensive spells covered robert both inside and outside his body . he wouldn't give noah a chance to kill him . melissa's death had taught him how things would end if his consciousness went dark .
noah didn't give up . his companions materialized around robert and deployed their abilities to help in the attack , but the expert's toxic substance covered the area and forced noah to back up .
purple patches spread on the fiendish armor , but the black hole quickly replaced the tainted energy and allowed noah to resume his offensive . robert did the same due to the seconds gained during his discharge of power , and the two experts soon found themselves flying toward each other .
noah waved his weapons toward robert , and the latter created a sword-shaped mass of toxic energy that clashed with the blades . noah succeeded in piercing his opponent's technique , but the attack turned out to be a trap .
the mass of energy exploded once noah's weapons pierced it . purple spots shot in every direction and ended up touching his skin . robert's attack managed to destroy the various defenses on noah's body and infect him again .
noah covered the area with black flames , and the dark world followed them to enhance their innate power . the dark matter gained his fire's properties and burnt the various toxic masses that had acc .u .mulated in the sky . their energy healed some of his injuries , but his condition remained far from ideal .
the cursed sword had never stopped hurting noah . his body under the fiendish armor was in pieces , but he didn't dare to stop his offensive . he couldn't let robert rest for even a second .
a large cut had opened on robert's shoulder . noah's attack had partially touched him , but heaven and earth promptly sent light to fix that wound .
yet , noah's aura expanded before that light could hit robert . his existence mutated the energy sent by heaven and earth and made it useless for his opponent .
robert snorted at that scene , but his attention never left noah . he saw how his opponent's weapons flashed with a dark light before releasing a massive singularity that tried to engulf his figure .
the expert quickly tried to summon his toxic wall , but a dark halo suddenly enveloped the area . robert initially thought that noah had deployed the dark world again , but he soon understood that the technique was different .
the laws in the area screamed as heaven and earth lost control of them . robert found himself able to inspect those details , but his body wouldn't answer his commands . he moved far slower than usual . time seemed to have frozen around him .
noah used shandal's ability to stop robert for a short instant . his technique didn't manage to freeze the cultivator completely , but it gave him enough time to land a proper blow .
the singularity flew past the half-formed toxic wall and landed on robert . his defenses began to crumble under that attack , but noah materialized in front of him before he could break free of shandal's technique .
noah quickly slashed with his weapons while robert began to move normally again . the expert regained control over his abilities when the swords pierced his skin and dug through his flesh .
robert did his best to reinforce his insides , but noah's had succeeded in making him waste a lot of energy . his defenses were mostly down after facing the previous attack , and noah didn't dare to let that chance go .
shandal's ability had almost doubled noah's offensive output . he had the chance to hit robert with two of his most powerful attacks at the same time .
robert had learnt how to counter noah's offensive , but the latter had doubled his attack power . the delay had given him the chance to fuse two blows .
his blades cut through robert's c .h .e .s .t and reached its center . corrosive aura spread from the weapons and flowed inside his flesh . moreover , noah even kicked the expert's waist to destroy most of it .
snore and night materialized next to robert at the same time . their offensive fell on the expert instantly and helped noah restraining him .
robert lost two arms and most of his lower body in a single offensive . noah had used all his tricks to put him in that situation , and he didn't dare to waste it .
robert could still use his mental energy , but it was useless with the corrosive aura surrounding his dantian . it was clear that the expert had lost . noah had overwhelmed his opponent , but the latter had heaven and earth on his side .
(killing me won't help you .) robert revealed . (look at my companions . your friends won't be able to defeat them . they can't win against our true power .)
robert was right , and noah only took an instant to confirm his words . his consciousness expanded until it reached his friends , and their situation was far from ideal .
rebecca had almost reverted to a liquid stage cultivator , so king elbass and his team could handle her rather well . still , the power wielded through heaven and earth was so strong that her opponents continued to struggle against her .
castor's situation was different . wilfred and divine demon were fighting him , but they seemed unable to touch his figure . the expert continued to use his strange moves to destroy techniques and spread his power toward his opponents .
the scene didn't look good . solid stage cultivators even had deeper energy reserves , so noah's friends would probably exhaust their power before their opponents .
noah didn't answer , but his threatening law began to flow inside robert . it didn't matter that the expert had lost most of his body . noah still wanted to transform him into one of his underlings .
(no killing?) robert asked while showing a smile , but noah pressed forward .
his corrosive aura continued to destabilize robert's existence , and night had long since entered his body . the severing from heaven and earth's laws had already begun , but noah wanted more from the expert .
his ambition slowly triggered a transformation . robert's figure began to mutate as noah remained connected to his c .h .e .s .t . flesh and bones transformed and turned robert into an existence that didn't have any connection with heaven and earth .
robert struggled for a while , but he eventually gave up on trying to free himself . noah had cornered him . still , he didn't seem too sad about that outcome .
****
author's notes: i'll have the first dose of the vaccine in a few hours . there might be delays in tomorrow's release if i end up feeling unwell .








chapter 1693 - 1693 . transformation
robert revealed a broad smile that didn't reflect the state of his injuries . noah felt slightly surprised at that sight , but he soon understood the reason behind that gesture .
(did you grow bored of heaven and earth so quickly?) noah asked while keeping his voice down . (i didn't believe to be so convincing .)
(your words were nothing more than childish taunts .) robert whispered , (but your power showed me a path that i have failed to see in my journey .)
(do you want to use me to pursue a cultivation journey free of heaven and earth's control?) noah asked .
(of course .) robert replied . (the method doesn't matter as long as i can reach my goals . is that a problem for you?)
(not at all .) noah laughed . (that's the only determination i'm willing to accept .)
(i might end up betraying you if your path turns out to be another failure .) robert imitated his cold laugh .
(who cares !) noah shouted as his ambition intensified .
a crazy laugh came out of noah's mouth as his existence continued to transform robert's law . night never stopped severing the expert from heaven and earth , and the mutations helped the companion in the process .
noah felt ecstatic . his potential had increased after defeating melissa , and the sole idea of stealing one of heaven and earth's followers improved his mood further .
his pride and anger joined the sheer output of power released by his law . noah's newly improved features targeted heaven and earth and quickened the transformation .
robert's condition worsened . heaven and earth didn't manage to heal his injuries since noah was in the way , and the ambition didn't help his state either .
death was necessary when it came to that type of transformation . robert couldn't directly mutate into a being that didn't belong to heaven and earth . the expert had given up on his law to fuse it with the world's system , so noah basically had to rebuild him .
of course , robert still retained a stable foundation . noah's ambition didn't need to start from scratch . it could use the expert's law and modify it until it returned to a state that suited him without belonging to heaven and earth's system .
- don't devour him .
noah ordered while dark matter came out of his figure and enveloped robert .
his pride had developed a tight connection with his hunger after the transformation . noah didn't think that the black hole would eat robert by mistake , but he still reminded his existence about his desires .
the dark matter quickened robert's transformation . it applied a procedure similar to fergie's rebirth . noah's higher energy began to imitate robert's new existence and sever its ties with the black hole to become part of the expert's body .
noah knew how dangerous the outcome of that process could be . he was transforming an existence that he couldn't hope to control even after establishing a silent leader-underling relationship .
the process would give robert the chance to defeat noah since it removed his greatest weakness . the absence of heaven and earth's laws would make robert able to use his real might against noah , and the transformation would even improve his foundation .
however , noah didn't care about those details . placing restraints on the expert's mind also went against his belief . his underlings had to be free . he didn't want to have puppets in his organization .
the other battles continued while noah kept robert sealed inside a chrysalis made of dark matter .
king elbass led luke , fergie , and the foolery in a fierce fight against rebecca . the expert had lost a lot of her power after her deaths , but she still retained the cultivation level of a solid stage cultivator .
rebecca didn't even have to rely on a weaker law against her opponents . she could show her true power while benefitting from heaven and earth's constant support .
king elbass and the others found themselves unable to do anything in that situation . winning a few exchanges required their full power and didn't lead to any decent outcome . rebecca always healed her injuries through heaven and earth's light , and she never depleted her energy .
divine demon and wilfred were even worse off . they were monsters among experts at the same cultivation level , but their opponent was a fully-fledged solid stage expert that never exhausted his energy .
castor didn't suffer during his battle against noah . his existence brimmed with power that heaven and earth made immortal . wilfred and divine demon managed to put up a fight , but their struggles felt pointless .
needless to say , noah's companions soon began to feel desperate about their situation . their opponents were immortal beings that their laws couldn't affect . even king elbass' mighty expertise couldn't find a solution to that issue so quickly .
their glances would fall on noah from time to time . he was the only existence capable of tampering with heaven and earth's laws and inflict lasting injuries on those immortal experts , but he seemed too busy at the moment .
king elbass and the others could only endure castor and rebecca's reckless assault as they waited for noah to complete his battle . they didn't completely rely on him , but their struggles didn't seem to lead anywhere .
- it's done .
night eventually transmitted through the mental connection .
the pterodactyl returned inside noah's figure and resumed its recovery . night had yet to fix its wing , and only the black hole could help in the matter .
a layer of dark matter continued to remain around robert . night had severed his connection with heaven and earth , but the transformation had yet to end .
noah oversaw the transformation , but he didn't do anything to affect the process . robert had to mutate on his own to obtain suitable results , and he still needed some time .
a vortex eventually manifested in front of noah . the black chrysalis became the center of an intense pulling force that began to affect the environment .
waves of energy fell prey to the pulling force and began to converge toward the chrysalis . even the power that heaven and earth sent to rebecca and castor ended up flying toward robert due to his influence .
noah's dark matter didn't contain enough power to fuel the transformation of a solid stage cultivator . robert required another source of energy , and the world couldn't oppose that desire .
the chrysalis increased in size as energy amassed in its insides . noah slowly removed his weapons and stored the cursed sword before burning part of the power that robert was absorbing .
the process had reached its final stages . robert didn't even need noah's ambition anymore . he would continue to transform until his new existence stabilized .
noah's flames didn't affect the transformation . he knew how that process worked and stealing a bit of energy from the pulling force wouldn't hurt robert in the slightest . moreover , he had to fix the damage inflicted by the cursed sword , so he didn't mind delaying his underling's rebirth .
a crack eventually appeared in the chrysalis . waves of dark matter flowed back inside noah's body and filled him with the energy that robert didn't use during the transformation .
a humanoid figure that featured a single small horn on the left side of his forehead became visible among the black currents . robert appeared among the white sky again , but his existence had changed completely .
heaven and earth expressed their rage at that scene . a single lightning bolt fell on robert's figure , but the attack crumbled when it touched his new aura . its energy even fused with his body and nourished his flesh .
the expert's new law was a product of noah's ambition . it shared the same resistance against heaven and earth . robert was similar to a devil now .
the tribulation didn't stop there , but a wave of dark matter promptly shot toward the incoming lightning bolts . noah still needed energy , and heaven and earth had given him the chance to obtain it .








chapter 1694 - 1694 . help
noah's dark matter copied the features of his flames and continued to burn the lightning bolts until it reached the source of the tribulation .
the dark clouds that had gathered in a random spot among the sky burnt under the power carried by noah's attack . their energy then flowed back to his body and healed the injuries caused by the cursed sword .
noah pressed on until the black clouds completely vanished . his body had almost returned to its peak by then , and only his bloodl .u .s .t still carried traces of his previous battle .
(how does it feel to be an enemy of heaven and earth?) noah asked without turning to look at his new underling .
a sudden dangerous sensation appeared in his mind , but his hand flashed before robert could complete the attack . noah found himself holding the expert's wrist . his companions had even surrounded him on different spots .
a purple substance had come out of robert's fingers . the expert had tried to attack noah right after the transformation , but he wore a mocking smile on his face . it seemed that he had no real intention to hurt noah .
(testing my power so quickly?) noah asked while his grip tightened .
his companions imitated him . snore enveloped the area with its massive body and placed one of its huge fangs on robert's head , duanlong laid its large mouth on his waist , and night sat on his shoulder .
the parasite's roots had also begun to stretch toward robert . they seemed ready to shoot forward and pierce the expert's eyes . only the demonic sword had remained still since it believed that noah had the situation under control .
(i'm sorry , leader .) robert explained . (i couldn't help myself . i haven't experienced such freedom in millennia .)
robert tried to retract his hand , and noah let him go . the expert then began to kneel , but noah promptly kicked him on the c .h .e .s .t and forced him to stand up .
(nobody kneels in my organization .) noah snorted .
(i deserve that .) robert laughed while spitting a mouthful of blood .
a tinge of fear had appeared in his mind . noah had held himself back during the kick . robert would have died otherwise .
robert had just come back to life , and his existence had completely changed . he lacked proper control over his new energy , so it couldn't stop noah's attack .
(can you even fight?) noah mocked robert when he saw the scene .
(of course .) robert announced while wiping his mouth . (i only need to get used to my new form .)
(use rebecca as a training dummy .) noah ordered . (i'll take care of castor .)
(are you sure?) robert asked in a surprised tone . (you have already fought for a long time . let me handle the strongest opponent .)
(i want his energy .) noah explained without bothering to turn , and robert remained speechless .
a faint smile appeared on robert's face . he had forgotten about the struggle for power , but noah was forcing him to recall how the cultivation journey worked . existences had to seize every chance to obtain energy , and noah embodied that feeling .
wilfred and divine demon's situation was far from ideal , but they were monsters . castor could completely overpower them , but he always failed to inflict severe injuries .
divine demon had transformed a large chunk of the world into an azure mass that seemed able to resist castor's strange techniques . his challenge during the battle involved that aspect of the expert's abilities and made him take a defensive role .
wilfred used divine demon's energy as a barrier while he launched a relentless offensive . his arms never stopped moving , and a storm of punches exploded in the air between castor and him .
his attacks rarely managed to hit the expert . castor's strange techniques spread destruction in the very fabric of wilfred's offensive and stopped only when they reached the azure barrier .
both sides appeared equally matched , but a second inspection would reveal that divine demon's energy was slowly losing ground . moreover , blocking castor's offensive made him deplete a lot of power . he would reach his limit soon , even with the world helping him .
wilfred's endurance was better off , but he found himself unable to reach castor . his punches couldn't pierce through the expert's defenses . his battle prowess had yet to touch the solid stage cultivator .
noah suddenly materialized above castor . his demonic sword and the cursed sword fell downward to create a piercing singularity aimed at the expert's head .
castor didn't let that event catch him by surprise . his aura quickly expanded and tried to engulf noah in a destructive wave of power that wanted to push him backward .
the attack initially succeeded in pushing noah's back , but the parasite promptly helped in the matter . black roots and dark matter spread above the swords and covered their singularity with a corrosive aura .
castor couldn't do anything at that point . noah was using the cursed sword and the entirety of his arsenal . his weaker law crumbled against noah's attack and forced him to deploy an evasive maneuver .
the singularity was too fast and big . castor saw a large chunk of his c .h .e .s .t disappearing during his escape , but he didn't let that scene stop him .
noah quickly disappeared to chase castor . dark matter covered his figure and suppressed the injuries caused by the cursed sword as his eyes followed the expert .
noah didn't want to give castor the chance to recover . his offensive had to be relentless .
castor stopped in a distant spot among the sky . he couldn't try to reach the allied army due to the battle among the rank 9 existences , but he still needed some time to recover .
noah's corrosive energy was expanding through his flesh and altering his existence . even the parasite's aura carried his ambition and made his attack deadly for laws belonging to heaven and earth .
castor summoned heaven and earth's light , but a black shadow appeared above him before the sky could shine over his figure .
the expert promptly performed one of his techniques . his hand slowly rose toward noah and sent energy that seeped inside the matter and forced it to fall apart .
the strange energy crushed a few roots and opened a crack in the fiendish armor , but noah didn't let that offensive stop him . his blades pointed forward , and power began to accumulate on their structure .
danger filled castor's instincts and forced him to deploy another evasive maneuver . yet , he suddenly lost control of part of his power . a dense mass of dark matter even gathered around his figure and stopped any attempt to leave the area .
snore and duanlong forced castor to waste an additional second to free himself of their restraint . noah didn't need anything else . a singularity shot out of his blades and landed on the expert's head .
castor's innate defenses tried to resist the attack . everything inside him tried to preserve his mind and sacrifice disposable organs to keep the expert alive . however , a series of shockwaves exploded on his c .h .e .s .t , and azure energy began to seep inside his injuries .
divine demon and wilfred didn't let noah handle the battle by himself . they had followed him and had attacked as soon as they found an opening in castor's defenses .
divine demon's azure energy could counter castor's law , so it weakened his defenses when it seeped inside his body . wilfred's offensive carried the physical power of one of the strongest hybrids , so castor's c .h .e .s .t exploded into a gory spectacle .
noah's singularity finished piercing the expert after his companions' abilities destabilized his insides . castor died right under the white sky , but snore promptly expanded to block his connection with the light .
the dark world expanded and enveloped snore . the snake could release castor and leave everything else to noah and night . the duo would take care of killing the expert for real .








chapter 1695 - 1695 . failure
noah and night had already started to perfect the process of severing heaven and earth's laws . the dark matter and the absence of external obstruction also allowed the duo to take care of castor quickly and without interruptions .
the mutated and severed energy released by castor's corpse flowed through the dark matter and entered the black hole . noah had no intention to create another underling . he only wanted the cultivator's power to satisfy his hunger .
a sense of peace temporarily filled noah . his hunger vanished for an instant , but defeating another solid stage cultivator made his ambition intensify .
that event enhanced the various aspects of his law . his pride intensified , so his hunger followed . the feeling that noah had just appeased returned stronger than ever as his aura spread past his technique .
the dark world eventually dispersed , but the sky didn't react to that event . castor had died , and his law had left heaven and earth's system . those rulers couldn't resurrect the expert since they didn't own his existence anymore .
the white light shone on noah again . he glanced toward the sky before heaving a deep sigh . he had almost become able to affect that immense structure , but his cultivation level still fell short .
a glance at the battlefield where the rank 9 existences were fighting reminded noah of his place . he was almost there , but he still needed to take a few steps forward .
noah didn't manage to see much on the battlefield . white light filled the area and blocked any attempt to understand which side was winning . the power released on that spot was too intense for his senses .
- soon .
noah thought before turning toward his companions .
wilfred and divine demon had also glanced at the battlefield featuring three rank 9 existences , and their eyes carried the same feelings that had dawned on noah's face . they wanted to join that fight , but their cultivation level wasn't ready for that realm .
the trio eventually looked toward the other battlefield . rebecca was still alive , but she had died many times while noah had taken care of castor .
robert's arrival had turned the scales of the battle in king elbass' group favor , but the expert had yet to master his new existence . he was stronger than rebecca , but he didn't know how to use the devils' power .
on the other hand , rebecca wore a shocked expression . she couldn't believe that robert had turned his back on heaven and earth . her surprise didn't only come from his action . rebecca didn't know that such a transformation was possible !
robert assaulted rebecca with waves of toxic rain . the latter tried to fend off the attacks with heatwaves that could cover the entire region , but she never managed to stop her opponent .
king elbass and the others limited themselves to support robert . they didn't need to do much in that situation since the expert could suppress rebecca easily , but they still wanted to test their power against solid stage cultivators .
all of them had realized that they would have to fight far more heaven and earth's followers in the future . that was one of the greatest hindrances of the cultivation journey , so they had to learn how to deal with those immortal experts .
noah had found his solution , but they couldn't rely on him for everything . they had to invent their own methods and fuse them with their laws . heaven and earth would find a way to suppress them otherwise .
noah could understand that mindset , but the situation didn't allow him to waste time . the group had to run away from rank 9 threats , so rebecca had to die as quickly as possible .
robert continued to assault rebecca with a barrage of spike-shaped purple masses . the attacks pierced the scorching waves of energy and engulfed the expert in a toxic storm .
however , heaven and earth never stopped sending energy to heal her , and robert had yet to find a way to use his influence to stop the process .
noah suddenly appeared between rebecca and the wave of light that was shining on her figure . his aura expanded and created a dark patch that tainted heaven and earth's power and made it unable to heal the expert .
(what have you done to him?) rebecca shouted when she sensed noah's arrival . (how can you affect heaven and earth's power so thoroughly?)
noah descended toward the expert and grabbed her neck . rebecca had yet to fix her previous injuries , so her state was quite pathetic .
(i'm their mistake .) noah explained . (you see heaven and earth as infallible beings , but their very existence is the result of a failure . they have flaws like every other creature in the world , and i am their embodiment .)
noah didn't need to be so detailed in his explanation , but he wanted to see if the sky reacted to his announcement . after all , the other side of the immortal lands had given him many sources of energy already . he didn't mind triggering a few tribulations to satisfy his hunger again .
yet , the sky didn't care about his words . heaven and earth remained silent even after his bold explanation . noah was killing their followers , and they didn't mind those feats .
(wait !) rebecca shouted when she felt noah's grasp tightening . (transform me too . i will be your underling and follow you everywhere . i don't even mind being your vanguard in the final battle against heaven and earth !)
(you fear death too much .) noah sighed as dark matter seeped out of his skin and covered rebecca . (you don't even deserve your power . i'm not surprised that you ended up in heaven and earth's clutches .)
(no ! wait !) rebecca continued to beg noah , but the dark matter soon silenced her .
- i actually want to try something before snapping her neck .
noah thought , and an azure light began to shine from behind his eyes .
noah activated supreme thief's technique and tried to steal rebecca's law . the expert could create scorching heatwaves that noah wanted to fuse with his flames . yet , he didn't know whether he could seize laws from heaven and earth's followers .
the azure light shone until it invaded rebecca's mind , but its power couldn't find anything once it entered that space . something was definitely off . it was as if the expert didn't carry any memory of her law .
that was impossible . noah had eaten castor before , and he had clearly seen thoughts coming out of his shattered mental sphere . heaven and earth's followers retained their memories , but they seemed to exist in a realm that supreme thief's power couldn't reach .
noah crushed rebecca's neck after he found his answer , and night promptly entered her figure . his ambition also started to mutate her law while his dark matter devoured her flesh .
it didn't take much to sever rebecca's existence from heaven and earth's system . the duo completed the procedure even faster at that time , and the dark matter around them could soon vanish to bring them back into the outside world .
(let's run .) noah ordered as rebecca's energy flowed inside the black hole . (we have a long way ahead of us .)
noah didn't have an exact plan , but remaining in those regions wasn't an option . he had even begun to feel tired after battling many enemies without resting . his companions had to regroup and gain a clear understanding of the situation before deciding on their next move .








chapter 1696 - 1696 . gathering
noah and the rest of his group ran away as fast as possible to avoid the destruction behind them . their senses didn't allow them to inspect the battlefield , but they didn't want to take any risk nonetheless .
the group quickly arrived in areas where the battlefield's light couldn't reach , but they didn't stop . none of them believed that they could hide from heaven and earth , so they wanted to put as much distance as possible from the rank 9 existences .
noah had the beginning of a plan , but he lacked many essential factors . he had a goal , but he couldn't even begin to imagine how to reach it . still , he didn't discuss the matter with his companions just yet .
the group flew for entire years before deciding to stop in a random spot . king elbass immediately proceeded to cover the area with defenses , and noah began to transform both ground and sky to make heaven and earth blind there .
noah also used that time to teach robert how to manage his influence . the expert had already begun to grasp the basics behind that power , and noah's company quickened that process .
the duo could transform entire regions in a short time now that they worked together . noah and robert covered immense areas with their influence and stripped their laws away from heaven and earth's system .
having a large area that didn't belong to heaven and earth would give the group time to hide and react to eventual threats . those rulers wouldn't be able to locate them easily there , and noah's team was in desperate need of time .
(do we have a plan then?) king elbass asked once noah and robert returned from their task .
the group had gathered inside an underground structure reinforced with many layers of inscriptions . robert and noah couldn't completely stop the white light with their influence , so they had to gather under the surface with their companions .
(we have to return to the other side of the immortal lands .) wilfred announced . (this place has become too dangerous now that rank 9 existences have started to appear .)
(that's a goal , not a plan .) king elbass snorted .
(he is always so grumpy .) divine demon sighed , but king elbass ignored that remark to focus on the main topic .
king elbass eventually glanced toward noah . the latter was their best hope to leave , but the hindrances were in a realm that even he couldn't affect .
noah had considered a few approaches . he firmly believed that his new state gave him a high resistance against the chaotic laws of the stormy regions . his aura would share that ability , so he could potentially protect his group during the travel .
however , the stormy regions hid far more dangerous hindrances . noah couldn't even begin to make a plan for an eventual meeting with a rank 9 creature . nothing in his power could help him in that situation .
a safer approach saw noah and his group digging through the higher plane to reach the other side . yet , that process could take millennia , and it always featured the chance of the team encountering terrain that they couldn't break .
noah's third plan involved the tunnel created by heaven and earth , but he wasn't sure whether that structure was still open . also , those rulers could always close it while his group was inside it , so the situation would remain risky .
(how far can you teleport us?) noah asked king elbass .
his recent training with the laws of space had granted him a higher understanding of those techniques . noah and king elbass could theoretically work together to create a teleport that led directly on the other side of the immortal lands . still , the expert shook his head immediately .
(the interference between the two sides is too great .) king elbass explained . (i don't even know how thick the higher plane is . i have no confidence in creating something stable , and the procedure has a high risk of failing even in that case .)
(we need to fly then .) fergie summarized .
(we only need to decide a direction now .) luke added .
noah's companions weren't stupid . they had all reached similar conclusions , even if they didn't consider the stormy regions as a viable path .
the situation appeared quite awful . the group would remain stuck on that side of the immortal lands in the worst option , and that would likely lead to their death due to heaven and earth's followers .
(didn't you arrive here through a dimensional tunnel?) robert eventually asked .
(a long passage filled with space hounds that leads near the floating lake occupied by rank 9 existences .) king elbass explained .
(we only need to fly past the battlefield then .) robert announced . (why did we even retreat?)
(we don't know if heaven and earth have kept the tunnel open .) king elbass sighed while massaging his temples . (i wonder why you keep recruiting idiots .)
noah rolled his eyes , but his gaze eventually fell on robert . the expert was far from stupid , so there had to be an explanation behind his naïve announcement .
(heaven and earth will never waste energy unless it's absolutely necessary .) robert explained . (i have been their follower for many years , so i vaguely know how they think . the tunnel is still open since it requires power to close . i'm sure of that .)
the entire group glanced at robert and inspected his gestures . they had yet to learn to trust him , so they wanted to understand if his words were sincere .
robert appeared completely honest , and even noah couldn't sense anything off in his voice . yet , an issue soon formed in his mind when he considered that plan .
(i bet heaven and earth will definitely close the tunnel once we enter it .) noah suggested . (they will never let us escape , especially after we announced our position against them .)
(that's obvious .) robert said while placing his hand on his chin and wearing a pensive expression .
reaching the other side of the immortal lands without heaven and earth's help seemed impossible . noah and the others couldn't come up with a plan without great flaws . the group slowly started to accept that many of them could die during the travel .
(stabilizing an existing tunnel is easier than blindly creating a new one .) king elbass eventually announced . (i might be able to build something according to my memories of that structure . however , i don't have enough power to activate the required inscribed items .)
(you can count on me for that .) robert said while wearing a proud expression .
(you don't understand .) king elbass sighed . (we are talking about a dimensional tunnel that can pierce the immortal lands from side to side . even the power of a rank 9 existence might not be enough to stabilize it after heaven and earth trigger its collapse .)
(we make up with numbers then .) noah announced . (let's create an army and use its power to fuel the inscribed items .)
(where will you even find an army?) wilfred asked .
(this side of the immortal lands has many floating lakes .) noah explained . (some of them belong to organizations that oppose heaven and earth . i even left harold with some of them with that task .)
(and where is harold now?) king elbass asked .
(i guess it's time to find him .) noah laughed . (divine demon , i bet that you can't guess where harold is now?)
(challenge accepted !) divine demon shouted , and azure energy began to accumulate around his figure .
however , a confused expression soon appeared on divine demon's face , and the expert turned toward noah before asking something that left the entire group speechless . (who is harold?)








chapter 1697 - 1697 . army
king elbass had to work together with divine demon to divine harold's position . it turned out that the expert's task had led him near the windy region , but finding his exact location was hard at that distance .
noah could only order his allies to move in that direction after the divination ended . wasting time would only increase the risks , and he wasn't willing to deal with rank 9 existences just yet .
the group couldn't move quickly . they had to remain hidden from heaven and earth's inspection , and that required time .
noah and robert had to expand the mutated areas , and king elbass had to devise methods that could block the white light . noah could take care of that part , but he preferred to use his ambition on his companions .
king elbass and the others had to find counters to heaven and earth's power by themselves , but noah's law could help in the task . his ambition could force their existence to evolve past their normal level and reach realms that reflected their true shape .
the journey across the immortal lands proceeded slowly , but the experts didn't mind that since they had many projects at hand . noah's companions had to prepare for the fight against heaven and earth , and he had one matter to solve .
(are you sure that you want to go through the workshops?) noah asked , and the pig next to him didn't hesitate to nod .
(i don't fear death .) the foolery squealed , (but i don't like to remain behind . i've been too useless in this mission , and that's unacceptable !)
the foolery and the rest of its group had left the battlefield after noah's arrival , but they had inspected the fights from a safe spot . the pig had seen the workshops modifying the sharks and improving their power , so it wanted a similar treatment .
noah inspected the foolery . the creature was a middle tier magical beast that had started to develop a sea of consciousness due to his ambition . its species would probably evolve on its own given enough time , but the pig wasn't willing to wait .
(i can turn you into a hybrid .) noah replied . (i won't change your foundation , but i should give you the beginning of a law after the procedure ends . still , you have to develop an existence on your own .)
(that's not a problem .) the pig replied while raising its head toward the sky . (i know everything about laws . they are tasty !)
noah ignored those last lines while sending his mental waves inside the pig . he didn't want to perform a quick transformation with the creature . he wanted the procedure to be as perfect as possible .
the inspection didn't take much . noah had studied those creatures for years , and his ambition had also affected their species for a long time . his instincts could immediately sense the various areas that needed improvements .
the foolery's connection with noah's ambition gave him an idea of what he had to do to force an evolution in its species . still , the process required aspects of his existence that he had yet to master . the creature had to inherit the devils' power , and the lack of innate laws made the approach trickier .
robert had it easy since he already had a law . noah's ambition only had to evolve it . instead , the foolery needed something that didn't exist in the world , so noah had to study the matter more in detail .
noah felt as if he had come back in the lower plane during his first experiments with the hybrids . he had to force the foolery to generate a law , so he had to consider all the aspects of its personality .
noah asked questions while his mental energy continued to study the foolery . he wanted to know how its flesh reacted to the various answers . he needed to memorize those details to invent a perfect transformation .
of course , his ambition would still do most of the work , but noah wouldn't give up on the chance to push the transformation toward a better result .
noah enveloped the foolery in a sea of dark matter after he completed his study . the workshop activated , and his ambition flowed inside the technique .
the group didn't stop moving during the procedure . noah could carry the chrysalis around while continuing to mutate the environment . the foolery's evolution didn't affect the journey at all .
the call from heaven and earth had attracted all the devils on the higher plane , but some mutated magical beasts remained on its surface . those creatures had been smart enough not to fall for the rulers' bait , so they mostly avoided noah's group .
the smooth journey culminated once the group reached the windy regions . noah and the others could finally find traces of harold's army , so they could adjust their direction accordingly .
(what should we even do after we join the army?) luke asked as their destination drew closer . (do we really have to jump in a battlefield that features rank 9 existences?)
(we will do what we must to return to the other side of the immortal lands .) noah explained . (many might die , but that's how the cultivation journey works . we are against the rulers of the world . it's meant to be hard .)
(but it shouldn't be a suicide .) luke replied .
(do you prefer to remain here?) noah asked . (the battle for this side of the immortal lands isn't over . the troops from the sky had special weapons , but the true rulers of these lands are the lions . i bet that the war will continue for centuries . it might even reach these regions .)
(we don't have a choice then .) luke sighed .
(we don't .) noah continued . (i would like to transform this entire plane before leaving , but i don't know how long we have before heaven and earth's troops start a hunting session . we are too weak to stand a chance against them .)
noah didn't wholly believe in those words . his group had a chance to turn the scales of the battle in his favor . still , that would require an alliance with the lions .
noah even had faint leverage with those creatures . he could trigger better mutations , and those transformations didn't have a limit since his existence depended on his centers of power .
yet , noah didn't even begin to consider that plan due to the obvious threat of the rank 9 existences . he wouldn't be able to control anything in an alliance with the lions , and leaving was the better option anyway .
a massive army eventually appeared on the horizon as noah's group flew deeper into the stormy region . the number of cultivators in the distance far surpassed moira's organization . harold had worked hard during the years spent exploring the immortal lands .
(i ended up finding a few organizations that wanted to join your battle .) harold shouted while approaching noah . (we had to fight others , but our power increased thanks to those battles . how is the situation on your side?)
(heaven and earth have sent an army led by a rank 9 existence .) noah explained , and pure fear fell on the five cultivators .
(don't worry .) noah continued . (a pack of lions led by two rank 9 specimens has arrived to fight them . we managed to escape quite easily .)
harold and the others had chosen to ignore heaven and earth's call to continue gathering troops , but they felt glad to have remained on the sidelines now . they didn't expect the world to fall into such chaos in less than a century .








chapter 1698 - 1698 . doubts
noah and the others informed harold's group about the events near the floating lake . his army had gathered a few more liquid stage experts and weaker troops during the exploration of the immortal lands , but robert remained the strongest in terms of cultivation level .
the overall power level of the army didn't matter for noah . he only cared about their determination . facing an organization that featured a rank 9 beings was an issue that he couldn't overcome with his law , so his companions obviously had doubts about the mission .
the issue became even greater when it came to the natives of the other side of the immortal lands . they didn't have another home waiting for them . telling them to move and face a possible suicide mission was a lot when noah was the only existence capable of granting power that could hurt heaven and earth .
harold's army didn't see robert as noah's equal in terms of source of mutations , and their judgment wasn't off tracks . they could sense both experts' aura , so they could understand who was the real threat to heaven and earth between them .
(why would we even attack now?) moira asked . (we can continue to gather rebels and wait for heaven and earth's armies to leave . i don't see a problem with you waiting either . the higher plane is basically identical on the other side . you only lack a clearer enemy .)
(this peace won't last .) noah announced . (heaven and earth will definitely try to get rid of us . a single platoon isn't enough for the entire higher plane , and i don't believe the world to be so incompetent .)
noah had no proof to justify his lines , but he knew heaven and earth enough to predict their behavior . he even had robert at his side , so his ideas about those rulers had a decent foundation .
heaven and earth had depleted a lot of power to summon the army from the sky . robert didn't know about their plan , but he could confirm that his previous rulers had wasted an immense amount of energy during the last battle .
noah didn't dare to think that heaven and earth had exhausted their reserves of energy , but everything seemed to work in his favor . his team had escaped from the final war , and he had even gained an army out of it .
those benefits made noah paranoid . heaven and earth had flaws , but they wouldn't play around when it came to the entirety of their higher plane . mistakes were acceptable in normal situations , but the world's issue was far beyond typical crises .
- how is it possible for heaven and earth to underestimate the very team that crosses its dimensional tunnel?
 noah wondered while his companions stormed him with questions .
the answer to that question was quite evident . heaven and earth couldn't commit such a mistake . they had to know how powerful the entire group was , which would also make them aware of the might wielded by noah's team .
that reasoning led to another conclusion . noah could believe that heaven and earth were unable to judge his power , but the battlefield had gone far past his level . he couldn't help but feel like a pawn in a game that he didn't understand .
- summoning rank 9 existences makes no sense in my reasoning .
noah thought while the experts around him continued their discussion .
- at the same time , calling us to help the immortal lands is a waste when heaven and earth are ready to send their troops . maybe their followers have misunderstood the signs .
doubts filled noah's mind , but his actions didn't reflect his thoughts . the army had stopped inside the windy regions , and noah didn't hesitate to test his influence in those areas .
noah turned out to be correct . the power that came from the devils gave him the chance to remain among dangerous , chaotic laws and grant them meanings . his influence naturally affected that power and pushed it to overcome its natural limits .
seeing how laws transformed gave noah a greater understanding of his existence . he suddenly felt able to improve the foolery's transformation again , and no one stopped him from tinkering with his black chrysalis .
(you must convince us to follow you in battle .) moira announced when she realized that the discussion among the higher-ups of that army had started to grow awkward .
(heaven and earth will convince you sooner or later .) noah replayed plainly . (the world has tried to suppress you for eras , but you still live in fear . i'm giving you the chance to fight your problems , but you refuse even before studying my approach .)
(what do you have to offer?) moira asked .
(my law .) noah replied without bothering to look at the expert in her eyes . (i can force your existence to evolve and develop an innate resistance to heaven and earth's laws .)
noah then grabbed robert and used him to explain his position . (i can force my ambition to evolve living beings , but the process generally is troublesome . still , he is one of my best accomplishments . you can question him to learn more about the matter .)
robert added details to the story that noah couldn't describe . after all , he was a cultivator who had successfully escaped heaven and earth's system without suffering drawbacks from the process .
noah ignored most of the questions that rained on him . he knew how stupid some of them would be , so he didn't dare to listen to them at the moment . his focus was on his plan . he had to reach the dimensional tunnel with most of his group , and that usually meant sacrifices .
- we need something more .
noah sighed in his mind after his plan began to involve the new army .
it didn't matter how many liquid stage cultivators noah could deploy . none of them could handle heaven and earth on their own . he would have to let them evolve through his ambition for a while to create a proper force .
noah developed a new approach after witnessing how his new companions reacted to his law . it still depended on the escape , but they gave him a new idea on how to avoid the rank 9 creatures .
in theory , avoiding the consciousness of a rank 9 existence was impossible . however , noah could deploy many techniques that hid his figure , and other companions could do the same through spells .
still , heaven and earth's power made everything unclear . noah could be confident in specific techniques , but those rulers might have already deployed countermeasures . the same went for their troops . he couldn't be sure that his ideas would work , so he had to set his mind for a different approach .
(i think it's quite clear .) king elbass said once noah questioned him about his opinion on the matter . (heaven and earth will come for all of us . it doesn't matter how much we hide . they will eventually find us .)
(so we attack first .) noah announced , and everyone became ready .
the group eventually had to return to the battlefield , and noah couldn't find a reason to waste time , especially when he was still unclear about the outcome of the main fight .
****
author's notes: i'll have the first dose of the vaccine in a few hours . there might be delays in tomorrow's release if i end up feeling unwell .








chapter 1699 - 1699 . tension
noah's army didn't have any choice . they had to investigate the outcome of the battle among rank 9 existences to develop a proper plan . they had a vague tactic that could lead them back to the other side of the immortal lands , but they still had many hindrances to consider .
the journey back to the first floating lake would take years , and noah even planned to slow down that travel . his companions still had a lot to prepare , especially when it came to matters vital to the task .
king elbass had to build inscribed items capable of stabilizing the collapse of the dimensional tunnel . they had to be strong enough to sustain the energy released by countless experts while fending off heaven and earth's external pressure .
the task couldn't require normal rank 8 inscribed items . king elbass had to create something that bordered the ninth rank , which required his entire expertise , countless valuable materials , and a lot of time .
the foolery had yet to come out of the chrysalis , and noah needed its help . only robert and he had the power to deal with heaven and earth's laws in their current state , so obtaining a new valuable ally was vital to the mission .
wilfred and the others had to develop methods to counter heaven and earth's laws . the process would generally take millennia , but noah's influence quickened the evolution of their techniques . he could hope that his companions would find a solution before the battle near the floating lake .
moira's team and underlings had to accept noah's position fully . the plan sounded suicidal , but they had to follow it since their help was necessary for the mission's success . king elbass' item would require a lot of energy , and noah's companions couldn't provide it by themselves .
- if only i could gain real access to the lions .
noah thought while flying across the immortal lands and spreading his influence on the world .
noah knew how magical beasts thought . it was even easier to discern their behavior when it came to powerful creatures since their journey usually forced them to develop a rudimentary intelligence .
the lions were noah's natural allies , and he was the only existence in the world capable of enhancing their mutations . the devils could normally do the same , but noah guessed that they had all died on the battlefield .
the long journey back to the floating lake intensified the tension that filled the group . doubts grew on moira's side , and even noah's companions started to believe that they were approaching the final battle too quickly .
the army had too much to prepare . they were advancing slowly across the immortal lands , but that wouldn't be enough to achieve a decent power . the most likely outcome was death , and those experts didn't know how willing they were to face it .
noah could only try to explain heaven and earth's behavior from time to time . he couldn't force his companions to be brave , especially those who didn't know him . being the leader of that army turned out to be quite hard , but he handled the matter to the best of his faculties .
the destination drew near , and that made the army slow down even more . noah and robert made sure that heaven and earth couldn't reach their areas , but that was only delaying the inevitable .
truth be told , no amount of training could prepare those troops for rank 9 existences . even noah had his doubts about that part of the mission . his desire to set a deal with the lions intensified as the group approached their destination , but he still lacked ideas on how he could bring those creatures on his side .
- inspecting the battlefield has the priority .
noah repeated in his mind .
- everything will be clearer once i see how the battle has gone . it's pointless to hesitate now .
noah's focus remained on transforming the environment and creating a mutated halo that shielded his army from heaven and earth . everything else would come after seeing the actual battlefield .
their destination eventually unfolded in their eyes . the army could finally see the first floating lake again , but they remained speechless when they noticed that blinding white light still occupied part of that area .
(are they still fighting?) fergie asked at the sight of the white halo .
(that's not surprising .) noah replied . (a rank 9 magical beast should have nigh-unlimited resilience , and there are two of them on the battlefield . the chaotic laws have even improved their species , so they should be quite strong .)
(the other side has a potentially immortal rank 9 cultivator equipped with weapons meant to destroy mutations .) robert commented when he joined the conversation . (i'm not surprised that lord augustus is keeping up with the numerical disadvantage .)
(what do you think happened to the other troops?) wilfred asked .
(the humans should also be immortal .) king elbass explained . (instead , the magical beasts should only be resilient .)
(there are many variables .) noah added . (heaven and earth want to spare energy . i'm not too sure they will revive the weaker troops as long as the rank 9 cultivator requires power .)
(we are doing great with this plan .) divine demon laughed while taking a jug of wine from his space-ring .
(are you having fun?) moira shouted while glancing toward divine demon . (all the organizations willing to oppose heaven and earth have come forward . we have decided to fight by your side , but we need to act seriously on the planning part . i suggest we avoid improvising here .)
(i wish i were having fun too .) the foolery's voice resounded in the area , and everyone promptly turned toward the mass of dark matter that floated next to noah .
(can it hear us?) wilfred asked .
noah studied the insides of the chrysalis and felt happy to discover that the transformation was almost complete . the foolery only had to go through the last phase before coming out of that layer of dark matter .
(it's almost out .) noah explained .
(i guess we should settle and tune our abilities for the imminent battle .) king elbass proposed .
(you should .) noah replied . (i want to follow another path . i want to see if i can get to the lairs of the lions .)
(you can't leave now .) moira complained . (you have led us here . i won't let you use us as baits .)
(you can never be a bait .) robert explained . (these mutated areas protect you from heaven and earth's inspection . they would sense you out there .)
(i still think we should all go there .) delbert said . (we should at least share the chance to die .)
(i will wait for the foolery to come out and go alone .) noah sighed . (maybe the pig can come , but you all must remain here and guard these safe areas .)
(do i keep expanding then?) robert asked .
(never stop expanding .) noah announced . (we are against an immense world . we must seize every chance we have to transform it .)
robert snorted after that remark , but he quickly went back on his task . the rest of the soldiers did the same . they built an encampment and resumed working on their laws .
noah worked together with king elbass to create dispensers for his ambition . he was preparing himself for the imminent travel , and he couldn't let his companions train without proper motivation or fuel .
****
author's notes: my right arm is still sore . i've endured the past two days , but it doesn't want to move as usual now . i'll write the next chapters after sleeping , and i might not publish chaos' heir at all to take care of demonic sword . mind you . this isn't a break . it's just a delay .








chapter 1700 - 1700 . flight
the chrysalis made of dark matter shattered and returned inside noah . the foolery had just gone through the absorption phase , so the transformation had reached its end .
the creature had lost most of its funny features . its wings had become bigger than the rest of its body . its round shape had also transformed into a rectangular form that featured bulging muscles instead of layers of fat . its tiny legs had grown , and its mouth had also enlarged .
the foolery had developed a sea of consciousness and a dantian after the transformation . it had become a fully-fledged hybrid , and that required a complete overhaul of its fighting style . it wasn't a magical beast anymore . it was pointless to rely only on sheer physical strength now that it could cast spells .
a single horn had also grown on the left side of its forehead . the foolery naturally radiated an aura similar to the devils now , and traces of its laws had even appeared .
(i feel great !) the foolery announces as it raised its head toward the sky . (i must be invincible now !)
an intense pride accompanied that announcement . the foolery's aura spread through the region and sent its feeling in every corner of the area .
(your dantian is still in the gaseous stage .) noah commented . (your mind has a similar level too . it has just stepped into the eighth rank .)
(you speak about complex stuff .) the foolery replied while keeping its head pointed toward the sky . (let's go eat some lions . i've heard that you wanted a meeting with that pack .)
(i still oppose that decision .) moira added .
- i would oppose it too if i had a choice .
noah replied in his head before focusing on his companions again .
(i will force elbas to teach you stuff if you continue behaving like this .) noah eventually threatened .
the foolery immediately lowered its head before shaking it a few times . (not the boring guy . he is the worst of them .)
one of king elbass' eyebrows arched , but he soon ignored the matter . divine demon had trained him well in that aspect of his life .
(you will eventually have to learn .) noah sighed . (come with me now . we need a pact with the lions . having to face only an immortal cultivator is easier when rank 9 magical beasts work with us .)
(i will also come .) wilfred eventually announced . (i bet you need someone who can prove your species .)
(i want to come too !) fergie shouted , but noah shook his head .
(wilfred is ok .) noah said . (i can't accept any human in the mission . magical beasts can be biased .)
(make sure to come back quickly .) moira added .
(you can be sure about that .) noah replied . (remaining with the lions is too dangerous , and i can't go too far away . we would only give eventual stronger magical beasts the chance to chase us .)
everything was ready for the departure . every member of noah's team had a role to play or a project to complete . king elbass had even built dispensers that could keep his ambition flowing among the group , so the environment would benefit their evolution .
noah , the foolery , and wilfred separated from the main group . they flew around the battlefield and tried to reach the areas where the lions had first come from .
of course , noah didn't dare to step under the light of the sky blindly . he still invested time transforming the environment and creating a safe path that his companions could travel .
the task turned out to be easier than expected since the foolery could help now . the creature spread the devils' influence through odd methods , but its efficiency had been excellent right away .
noah studied the foolery during the journey to understand how the creature had changed after the transformation . the pig's law seemed to involve its hunger , but it was too faint to give it a proper shape . moreover , its mutating influence spread through its poop .
the foolery didn't lose its peculiarities . the transformation had even enhanced some of them . the creature could generate immense azure fields with a small number of excrements , and the azure bushes that grew from the ground released a mutating influence .
that ability significantly helped noah since he didn't need to move from spot to spot anymore . the foolery only had to take a dump , and an entire region would transform into a source of chaotic laws . that influence would even move in the nearby lands on its own .
(i must have been born to conquer !) the foolery announced once noah complimented it about its new ability , but that trend didn't stick .
wilfred had no words to describe the events , but he ignored the matter altogether . he knew how eccentric his companions were , so he only decided to focus on the benefits that they brought .
noah soon found traces of the lions after traveling for years . the marks led to a mountain far in the distance , and the trio didn't hesitate to continue the journey .
the path eventually brought the group in a large plain that featured even more traces . noah didn't want to walk any further since he had surpassed a safe distance from his group . he would be too distant if rank 9 creatures were to attack him now .
(let's go back .) noah ordered , and the group began to return toward their companions , even if they chose to travel on a different path .
the white battlefield only covered a single region , and its influence spread for a few more , but it was possible to avoid it as long as noah and the foolery created a safe path .
the ground had circled the battlefield from one side , but they were traveling on the opposite road now . in theory , that path could even lead directly toward the dimensional tunnel .
however , they soon discovered that a faint pressure would land on them whenever they moved toward the region containing the dimensional tunnel . noah and the others weren't even near the structure , but something was reacting to their movements .
- this shouldn't be possible .
noah concluded in his mind .
- unless this pressure doesn't come from heaven and earth .
his eyes naturally went on the white battlefield . shockwaves filled the areas nearby , but the light there was too blinding to understand what was happening .
noah guessed that one of the powerful existences inside the battlefield was keeping track of him . he didn't know the range of that ability , but he could understand that it pointed specifically toward him .
- what did i do this time?
 noah laughed in his mind before bringing his group back to the previous road .
the pressure didn't appear at that time . it seemed that nearing the dimensional tunnel automatically activated one of the techniques of the rank 9 existences inside the battlefield . noah felt almost sure that the technique came from lord augustus , but he didn't have proof to confirm that .
- i couldn't even find a small pack of lions .
noah considered in his mind while flying toward the rest of his group .
- that pressure also makes me believe that the rank 9 existences won't remain silent if we fly around the area .
the mutated laws kept noah hidden from heaven and earth , but cultivators could normally pierce that power . noah believed that lord augustus had received precise instructions after he killed three powerful underlings .
- i guess it will be a mad charge toward the tunnel .
noah thought .
- i can only hope that enough of us survive to activate the stabilizer .
noah was immersed in his thoughts when a large fuming figure flew out of the white battlefield and landed nearby . smoke continued to come out of the creature , but noah could recognize it anyway . it was one of the rank 9 lions that he had seen after the arrival of heaven and earth's troops .