 Chapter 1 Just an old Book
"Don't die by falling over Quinn!" A boy shouted down the hallway.
Quin carried on walking down the school corridor. Harassment had become a daily occurrence for him but it still bothered him just as much every day and he couldn't help himself but retaliate.
Quinn stopped and pushed his glasses back up as they had slipped down from his face. He needed a new pair and just from looking at them, you could tell they were heavily worn. The sides were covered with tape and they didn't even fit straight on his face.
Quinn then turned around and immediately gave the middle finger.
"I bet you don't even know how many fingers I'm holding up!"
The boy clenched his fist and started running towards Quinn.
"You level 1 piece of crap! When are you going to learn that you don't belong in this world?"
The boy then placed both of his hands together and a green ball of light started to form. When he was only a few meters away from Quinn, the boy threw his hands forward and the green light shot out from the palm of his hands.
Quinn had nowhere to go and the beam of light was too fast for him to dodge. All he could do was grit his teeth and bear the pain. As the light hit Quinn, his body was lifted into the air and sent flying backwards into the corridor wall.
"What's going on?" One of the students nearby said." Are they fighting on the last day of school?"
A crowd had immediately formed outside as people were interested in what the commotion was about. One of the female students ran over to the damaged part of the wall to check on the student's safety.
The dust started to settle and Quinn's slightly curly black hair was coming into view. When eventually the dust all cleared up and the female saw who it was, she immediately backed away and continued her business as if nothing happened.
When the female student had returned to her friends, Quinn could see that they were laughing at her.
"I can't believe you tried to help him."
"I didn't see who it was." The girl retorted with flushed cheeks.
After that, Quinn stood up and picked his glasses up off the floor. Once again one of the sides had fallen off.
"Dam it. Not again..."
It was the last day of school for Quinn and he was hoping just once someone wouldn't try anything with him. Quinn was sick and tired of it and he wasn't the type to ignore it either. He had seen people who had chosen to keep their head down and tolerate the harassment and their treatment was far worse than what he got.
Quinn didn't bother to stay at school like the rest of the students. As he walked past, he saw people talking to each other. Some were laughing while some had tears thinking it was the last time they would ever see each other again but Quinn wasn't a part of any of that and he didn't want to be.
When he finally arrived home, Quinn immediately got to work. Quinn lived in a single bedroom apartment that had just enough space to fit a single bed and desk. There was also a TV that was part of the wall but Quinn would only use it as background noise and didn't actually watch anything.
ChapterMid();
The apartment was provided to him by the government since he had no living relatives and was still only 16. On top of his bed was a single suit case that had all his belongings neatly packed.
When Quinn entered his room, he immediately pulled his drawer open which contained a book inside. It was a large thick book that weighed about half a kilo. The front of the book was black in colour and in the centre, it had a ring with lines going off in all different directions.
"Let's try again today." Quinn said as he placed the book on the desk.
He then immediately went to his bag to pull out a little test tube which had a clear liquid inside.
"Test 112, Hydrochloric acid. Let's see how it goes." Quinn then started to slowly pour the liquid out of the test tube and onto the book.
"So far no reaction." Quinn then continued to pour the whole test tube onto the book but still there was no reaction.
Quinn carefully examined the book to see if there was any damage done but the book looked the same as always.
"Another failure. Why won't you open? Why did mum and dad even have this thing?"
One hundred twelve times. This was the number of different ways that Quinn had tried to open the book. Not only would the book not open, but it seemed like it wasn't able to be damaged either. Quin had tried burning the book, cutting the book, melting the book...but nothing had worked.
Quinn then went to lie on his bed and turned on the TV for some background noise. He never really paid attention to what was on but the sound of other voices made him feel less lonely.
The TV was currently tuned into the news station.
"The peace treaty with the Dalki race has lasted for five years now but officials say that tension is rising once again and we must prepare for another war…."
The mention of war had always been shown on the TV nonstop since that day. Thirty years ago, the human race received a visit from the so-called Dalki. They looked like humans except for their dragon-like tail and scale-like skin.
They immediately demanded that the Human race hand over their resources and wanted to use them as slaves. Of course, the humans decided to fight back but they quickly found out that their modern technology was useless against them. Bullets couldn't penetrate their skin and as for tanks, well Dalki had airships.
Every man and woman was told to fight for their planet and that included Quinn's parents. The war went on for years and Quinn grew up not knowing what his parents looked like.
When the humans were on the brink of defeat, a select few came forward. These people had special abilities. They began sharing their knowledge of how they obtained such power in hopes of turning the tide in the war and it worked. Even so, the Dalki were still strong and a seemingly endless stalemate lead to the peace treaty signing five years ago.
Of course, human greed got the better of humanity and instead of sharing these powers with everyone, the higher ranked governmental officials decided to keep them for themselves. Only those with money were able to learn the more powerful abilities while everyone else was left with scraps.
Quinn was given nothing when his parents died. The government agreed to pay for his living accommodation while he was still in school but that was it. When his parents died at the age of ten, an agent appeared at his doorstep and handed him a book. He was told this was the only thing his parents possessed which they passed down when they died.
"Why is the world so unfair?"
Quinn got out of his bed and started walking over to his desk. He picked up his glasses that were still slightly broken and decided he needed to fix them. He noticed that one of the lenses was slightly out of place and tried to punch it back into its frame.
"Come on, just get in!" He shouted as he pushed down hard.
The lens suddenly smashed into pieces and one of the shards of glass created a deep gash in his thumb.
"Why does the world hate me."
Quinn immediately started to clean up the little pieces of glass and noticed a piece had landed on top of his book. As Quinn removed the piece of glass, a drop of blood from his thumb landed in the centre of the book.
The ring around the centre of the book started to glow and suddenly the book started to lift itself into the air.
"What the hell is happening!"
The book started to shine brightly and shake uncontrollably. It finally opened up and page after page was being turned. Quinn couldn't take his eyes off the shining book as if he was in a deep trance. The words written in the book weren't in any language he had seen before but for some reason, he felt like he could understand it.
When the book finally turned its last page, it started to disappear as if it was slowly turning to dust. At the same time, Quinn's vision was starting to fade. His body felt weak and his eyes slowly shut.
But just before he passed out, there was a single message that he heard.
<Congratulations you have been granted the Va....>
Unable to maintain consciousness long enough to hear the final words, Quinn passed out.

 
Chapter 2 Daily Ques

Chapter 2: Daily Quest
Gradually, Quinn's eyelids started to flutter open and his vision soon returned. Although, his head felt heavy and his body was slightly sore. As he lifted himself off of the ground, he touched his head to see if he had gotten any injuries.
'Why does my head hurt so much?' He thought, bewildered of what just happened to him.
After making sure that his skull hadn't split open from falling over, Quinn then went to pick up his glasses that were thrown on the floor not to far from him. Regrettably, there was only one lens that was left intact, still, Quinn put the glasses on out of habit. All of a sudden, he felt a little disoriented and his vision was slightly blurry.
He took them back off and noticed that his vision only turned hazy when he put the glasses on. Quinn immediately rushed to his desk to grab a pencil. He proceeded to draw the letter" A" on the wall and stepped back. He continued to step back until his back had hit the wall that was on the other side of the room.
"What?! But how?!" Quinn screamed in his mind.
Somehow, Quinn's vision was now perfect. He had lived his whole life with terrible eyesight, but strangely, he could now see clearly. Images then started to flash in his head regarding what had happened before he passed out. After reminiscing, he could only think of one thing that caused the miracle - The book.
When Quinn surveyed the room, he started to panic.
"The book! Where the hell's the book?"
Quinn looked everywhere for the book, yet he couldn't find anything. It couldn't have gone missing in such a small room, so its disappearance was making Quinn go mad.
"Maybe it's like my socks. They go missing all the time. Ahh, don't be stupid. This is a book we're talking about, not a sock." He muttered, trying to reason the uncanny comparison.
Quinn attempted to think hard about what had occurred a few moments before he collapsed. He suddenly started to remember the book hovering in the air. Then, just before closing his eyes, he heard a few words.
"What was it? It sounded like some type of system message?"
As soon as Quinn said those words, a status screen had appeared right in front of his eyes.
<User: Quinn Talen>
<Race: Human>
<Level 1>
<0/100 exp>
<HP 10/10>
<Strength: 10>
<Agility: 10>
<Stamina: 10>
"Wow! It's like those really old games that people used to play all the time."
Quinn noticed that, on the status screen, there were more tabs that were placed on the top. Accordingly, even without doing anything and just by reading the tabs in his head, the screen automatically switched to the <Skills> tab.
<Skills>
<0 skill points available>
<Skill locked????>
<Skill locked????>
….
On the skills tab, Quinn wasn't really able to see much. Everything seemed to be locked and slightly greyed out, so he quickly moved on to the next tab, <Shop>.
<Shop>
<Unlocks at level 10>
"Can I do anything?"
The last tab was the <Quest> tab. Finally, it seemed like a tab that wasn't locked behind a requirement.
<Main Quest>
<Reach level 10>
<Daily Quest: Drink two litres of water>
<Reward: 5 exp >
After checking everything that the system had to offer, Quinn had to just think about closing the system and it did. When Quinn thought about opening it again, a screen would immediately pop up in front of him.
Quinn could only think of one thing - The book that his parents had left him was an ability book. These books could often be bought at very high prices from the military or a company. Some were even sold on the market place.
However, the sole issue was that Quinn had never heard of an ability book that promptly disappeared, granting the user a system such as the one he currently had. The ability books were designed to be learnt manually. It wasn't something that one could pick up and instantly understand how to use.
A smile started to slowly appear on Quinn's face. This was great news for him. He had always been a level 1 ability user because he could never afford to buy any ability books. To his fortune, he had something that he could use. He readily contemplated on what to do and ended up moving on to the next phase, which was testing the ability.
"Water bending, come on!" Quinn said as he raised his right palm forward, acting like he was going to shoot water out or cause it to flow from the kitchen sink.
"Ok next! Wind, Wind, out!" Quinn did the same again, but there was nothing happening.
After trying out many different things according to all the abilities that he had seen before, it turned out that he was unable to perform any of them.
"What the hell is this useless thing? Is it really just a system ability?"
Quinn thought about it for a while. If it truly was like a game, then perhaps, by completing the quests, he would eventually get stronger and unlock more skills. It was his mistake that he was treating it like an ordinary ability book when clearly, what he had obtained wasn't something that conformed to the word ordinary.
Usually, ability books were based around one ability. It was important for a person to select their first ability book since a regular human body would only be able to perform one ability attribute. If one got transformability as their first ability, they would only be able to acquire other skills that were related to this attribute. For example, if someone obtained fire as their attribute, they could solely dedicate themselves into gathering skills that the attribute fire could utilize.
Quinn went to open his mini-fridge, grabbing the bottles of water that were inside. He soon began downing the water bottles one by one.
"Damn, how much are two litres? My belly feels like it's going to burst."
After finishing his fourth bottle of water, a new notification message had appeared.
<Daily Quest complete, 5 exp has been granted>
<5/100>
"Well, at least I know how the system works now," Quinn said, satisfaction was evident in his tone.
Unanticipatedly, a loud knock was heard coming from the door. Quinn quickly went and opened it. As he opened the passageway, standing in front of him was a large, muscular, bald-headed man wearing a black military uniform. Also, there were several medals on his garment. His name was written on the area of the uniform right above his chest - 'Seargent Griff'.
"Boy, it is time for you to vacate your room immediately. The vehicle has been waiting outside for 5 minutes already."
With everything that had happened, Quinn had forgotten about what was going to happen to him today.
"It's time for you to head to military school," Griff announced.
Quinn just gulped, staring back at the officer, as tension enveloped the entirety of his body.

 
Chapter 3 Miltary School
Due to the War between Humans and the Dalki, every person when they reached the age of 16 was required to go to military school for two years. Even though Humans and Dalki were in a peaceful period, everyone knew that it wouldn't last forever.
Every day there was news of one race antagonizing the other and war felt like it could start at any moment.
Quinn quickly went to the toilet before heading off with Sergeant Griff. His bladder felt like it was going to burst any second now due to all the water he drank.
Once Quinn stepped out of his room into the outside world, something strange happened. A new notification screen had appeared.
<Your body is being hit by direct sunlight>
<You are affected by the sunlight>
<All stats will be halved while in the sunlight>
Suddenly, Quinn's body felt extremely sluggish. It felt like he had just gone for a 5k Run and returned, his arms and legs felt heavier and there was nothing he could do about it.
Quinn then went to check his status and saw that his stats did indeed go down by half but it wasn't just his stats but his HP as well.
<HP 5/5>
<Strength 5/5>
<Stamina 5/5>
<Agility 5/5>
"What kind of drawback is this!" Quinn thought.
Then a new notification had appeared.
<You have received a new Daily quest: Avoid direct sunlight for 8 hours >
< reward 5 Exp>
Quinn's mood slightly changed as soon as he saw the new daily quest. Unlike the water one, this was something he was able to do naturally just by sleeping. If the system worked the same way it did in games, then that meant once Quinn had reached 100 exp points he would be able to level up and also level up his stats.
So the more daily quests Quinn got, the better it was for him.
"What are you doing walking so slowly! The School will eat you alive if you carry on like that!" Griff shouted.
Finally, Quinn had reached a large bus which was parked just outside his house. When he entered the bus, he noticed that it was already full of students all the same age as him.
He didn't recognize any of the students though, meaning they had all come from a different school. Quinn then went to sit at the front of the bus which was the only seat that was still available.
<Stats have returned to normal>
As soon as Quinn had entered the bus and avoided the direct sunlight, his stats had returned to normal and his body felt re-energized once again.
"Well, at least it looks like it's only direct sunlight."
The students were all talking to each other in excitement but that quickly stopped as soon as sergeant Griff came on board.
"Alright, it's time for us to head to the military academy."
The bus then started to move and the students were finally on their way. The bus remained silent during the journey. Whenever a student would start to speak Griff immediately would look in their direction and the student would shut up.
ChapterMid();
Griff didn't even have to say anything, they all knew what he wanted just by looking at him.
Then about 10 minutes into the journey Quinn once again received another message.
<A substance in the air has been detected >
<You are feeling sleepy>
<Resistance +1>
Quinn found this message quite strange and then when he started to look around the bus, he noticed that nearly all of the students were either asleep or dosing off.
Suddenly, even his own eyelids started to feel dizzy.
<Your resistance to the substance has increased>
<Resistance +1>
Then the sound of loud footsteps could be heard coming towards him, as he looked up he noticed Sergeant Griff hovering above him.
"Looks like a few of you were able to resist the sleeping gas. Then we will just have to bag you."
Aa black bag was then thrown on top of Quinn's head and his vision now was completely covered. The gas started to slowly seep through and Quinn managed to doze off into a nice sleep.
Then the next moment, Quinn could feel a splash of cold water being chucked on his face. His eyes opened instantly and all he could see was the green grass.
He and several other students started to lift their heads to lock around them. There were currently a total of 200 students stood out on a plain open field But when they looked around they were in a place that was completely foreign to them.
"This is where you will spend the next two years of your life."
The students were amazed at what they were seeing. They were currently in a city like they had never seen before. Everyone was dressed up in military uniform and there were technology and engineering around them that was too advanced for their time. Giant robots moving crates and building machines.
Flying ships, and levitating trains. It was a technology that hadn't been given to the outside world yet and was kept for the military only.
After the first war with the Dalki Race, the humans had managed to make leaps in technological advancement. This was because they had managed to salvage equipment from them after the war but of course, the military decided to keep most of it for themselves.
When Quinn finally stopped being amazed at his surroundings, he noticed that there was something placed around his wrist. It looked similar to a digital watch but there was nothing displaying on the screen.
"That there on your wrist is your lifeline. It will identify you as a student at this military base. It will allow you to access certain areas, pay for food and all sorts. It is your lifeline at this academy. That isn't the only thing that it will display though. When not in use the Wristwatch will display a single number and that number is your power level.
As soon as Quinn heard those words, he gritted his teeth and clenched his fist. He thought his life might change was coming to military school but it seemed like it was going to be the same even here.
"With that, we will immediately begin the level test for you all, good luck!" Griff said with a smile on his face.

 
Chapter 4 Ability Level
When abilities were first introduced to the human race, people quickly learned that some were far more powerful than others. With this came the introduction of the power level system. There was a total of 8 different power levels. 1 being the weakest and 8 being the strongest. These levels could also be further divided into 1.1, 1.2, 1.3 all the way to 1.9 and it was the same for each level.
There were two ways for people to obtain abilities. When the war started with the Dalki Race, people started to share their powers with the outside world. They wrote down how they obtained this power and putt the information down in things called, ability books.
These ability books went on for sale to the public and the military kept some of the stronger ones to themselves. Generally, ability books from level 1 to 5 were sold to the public. While giant corporations and the military kept the higher ones to themselves.
The second way to obtain an ability was if you were an Original. Originals were the first people who had originally discovered the powers for themselves and decided to pass it down within their family.
Not all ability users chose to share their abilities to do outside world and decided to keep it within their bloodline. Originals usually had the strongest abilities that went beyond level 8. There was no way for the government to measure its power because it wasn't public knowledge.
Because of these two reasons, Quinn had always been a level 1. He had no family members to support him, so he couldn't afford an ability book and his family had no abilities themselves so he wasn't an Original.
When Quinn had obtained the book, his first guess was that it was some time of an ability book, now after all these years, it seemed like he had obtained an ability. But he had never heard of an ability book like this before and he didn't have a clue what power level it had given him.
Quinn lifted up his hand to look at the watch which indicated his current power level was one. When he looked around, he noticed that everyone else's watches currently indicated the same number.
Griff was currently standing in front of all the students and called names in groups of five.
These students would then be transported somewhere to take the test. Quinn was hopeful at first thinking that he might have been able to change his ability level for once but his mind was quickly changed after receiving a notification.
<You are being hit by direct sunlight>
<all stats will be halved>
Quinn didn't even know how good 10 strength, 10 agility, and 10 stamina was but if his eyes sight was anything to go by. Then it would mean it was at least the top condition of a normal human being but right now Quinn felt incredibly weak and sluggish.
His body felt extremely hot right now and he was sweating buckets of water. Quinn thought it was a good thing he drank a load of water beforehand, otherwise he would have been extremely dehydrated.
"Hey, are you okay?" A stranger standing next to Quinn said.
The stranger's name was Vorden, he had slick blonde hair and hazel green eyes with a chiseled face and sharp jawline. He also stood 6 foot 2 inches tall while Quinn was 5, 11. This was the type of person Quinn would uselly avoid at his last shool as everyone would always pay them attention and Quinn hated attention.
"If you want, I can call someone for help?" Vorden said.
"It's okay I'm just a little bit nervous about the testing," Quinn said as he tried to ignore his tired body and stand up straight.
Vorden looked Quinn up and down. Quinn was quite skinny for his age and didn't have a lot of muscle on him and right now he looked incredibly weak. Vorden thought Quinn looked like the type of boy who would have gotten bullied at school and it was the reason why Quinn was nervous.
If he was to get a level one rating most likely the same would happen here.
"Well don't be, I'm quite strong you know. If anyone messes with you, you can come and ask me for Help." Vorden smiled.
Quinn didn't usually get on with the energetic positive type of person but Quinn found it hard to dislike Vordan. When Quinn thought about his time back at school, he realized he actually didn't get on with anyone.
"The names Vordan," Vordan said as he placed his hand out.
Quinn looked at Vordan's hand, it was actually the first time in his life someone had treated him this way but Quinn thought that would quickly change. They always did once they found out his Ability level but for once he would like to forget about all that.
"My name's Quinn," Quinn said as he shook Vordan's hand.
<Use of ability has been detected>
< The ability has been rejected>
Once the system messages appeared, Quinn looked at them strangely. At the same time, he shook Vordan's hand the messages came up instantly. He then noticed that Vordan still hadn't let go of his hand. Then the system repeated the message once again.
<Use of ability had been detected>
< The ability had been rejected>
Quinn then immediately let go of Vordan's hand. The system was clearly telling him that Vordan was trying to use his ability on him. Vordan himself even had a puzzled look on his face as he stood there still.
"You," Vordan said." What is your ability?"
"I…." Quinn paused thinking for while whether he should answer or not, in the end, he wanted to see Vordan's true reaction." I don't have an ability."
Vordan no longer had a puzzled look on his face as if the answer had satisfied the curiosity of his but before Vordan could say anything, Griff had made an announcement.
"Will the students, Quinn Talen, Vordan Blade, Peter Chuck, Layla Munrow, and Erin Heley please come to the front to take your test."

 
Chapter 5 No Ability
Once the five students had heard their names being called up, each of them started to walk to the front were Griff was standing.
Including Quinn and Vorden, there was another boy named Peter. Peter looked more nervous than anyone there, he would constantly look around him and couldn't stop fidgeting. His body frame was quite small but it suited him, for he wasn't that tall either.
Then there were the two girls Named Layla and Erin. Layla had short brown hair and a tall figure. On her back, she was carrying a bow which surprised Quinn, for not many people carried a weapon these days apart from a specific group of people called Pure.
They were a group of people who chose to not have any abilities and used weapons instead but they were still very rare and Quinn had never met anyone like that in his life, only heard stories about them.
Finally, there was Erin. Erin was the type of girl that turned all of the boy's heads. Her proportions were perfect, not too big not too small and she had beautiful long blonde hair. The only problem was her facial expressions. Even when walking through the crowds of people, not once did her expression change. It stayed stiff and neutral.
As Quinn was walking past everyone, he noticed that he didn't recognize one student there and it seemed like the others didn't either. Quinn could only assume that this was done on purpose. No one knew who to befriend or who to look out for because currently, everyone's power level displayed 1.
The group had stopped just behind another group who were being transported to the testing area.
As soon as Vorden saw the others who were in the same group, Vordan greeted each one of them with a handshake. Vorden was being very polite so most of them accepted his greetings apart from Erin.
She merely stared at Vordan's hand when he offered it out to her, then she turned her head and looked away.
"Come on you don't have to be like that?" Vordan said as he placed his hand on her shoulder.
This was a big mistake. In an instant, Erin grabbed Vordan's wrist and twisted his hand. Then slowly his hand was starting to freeze and cover in ice.
Everyone stopped to look at the commotion that was happening near the front.
"Wow, she has ice abilities?"
"Isn't that very Rare?"
"I would let her freeze me any day."
Griff noticed the commotion and started to intervene.
"Stop it you two, if you have that much energy then save it for the test."
Erin immediately let go of Vordan's hand and slowly, Vordan's hand started to defrost. Vordan then went back in line to stand next to Quinn.
"Can you believe her!" Vordan complained," I nearly lost my hand."
"You can't just go around touching people without their permission," Quinn replied.
"Yeah I know, she's lucky I didn't wipe the floor with her just cause she's a pretty girl."
Many people who were near the front had heard Vordan's word and had already decided to make him an enemy. If they could somehow humiliate Vordan, then maybe Erin would look the way they thought.
Looking at the people around them, Quinn could tell what the others were thinking. Quinn then stepped one step away from Vordan hoping that others wouldn't think the two were friends.
Finally, Quinn and the others were called forward and were told to stand in a box. It wasn't really a box but just white lines that had been drawn on the ground that was just big enough to fit the five of them in.
There was then a hooded man who stood just outside of the box.
"Send them away!" Griff said.
As soon as Griff gave the command, the hooded man placed both hands on the ground and the box started to light up, shining a bright purple color.
"Hmm Transportation magic huh, what a rare ability," Vordan said Just as the whole group suddenly vanished into thin air.
The next second they were teleported to another outdoor area which looked like an empty wasteland. There was no sign of life, no trees, no nothing. Standing in front of the group was a woman dressed in a black military uniform and by her side was another hooded man.
There was not another person in sight.
The woman held a Tablet in her hand and it looked like she was currently busy inputting some information. Once she had finished, she looked up at the group and started to speak.
"Hi everyone my name is Jane, and I will be in charge of your test today. Once the test has been completed, I will update your information and your score will be reflected on your wristwatches."
Jane then started to look at the tablet.
"Now who should we call first, oh it looks like we have a couple of previous level ones?" Jane said as she checked the information that had been passed on from their previous schools.
"Peter, would you please step forward?"
The nervous small Peter then stepped forward and he looked even worse than before. Quinn thought he looked bad but he looked to be in perfect condition if you were to compare the two. At least Quinn was able to stand up whereas Peter looked like he would fall over any second now.
"Would you please tell me what your ability is Peter?" Jane asked.
"Eh, I don't have any ability," Peter said quietly.
Suddenly, Quinn and the others understood why Peter was so nervous. Having no ability wasn't rare. Because of the war, many children had become orphans like Quinn and Peter. This meant there was no chance for them to buy an ability book.
But because Peter had no ability, he was afraid of the treatment he would get from the others.
"Don't be afraid Peter." Jane said," Here take this."
The hooded man standing by Jane's side suddenly teleported a book into his hand. Jane then handed the book over to Peter.
"Wow, seriously you're giving this to me for free!" Peter said in excitement." Thank you."
"Please study the book in your own free time and when you have learned to use it, you can come back to redo the test but for now I'm going to have to award you a level 1 power status."
Even though Peter had received a level 1 power status he didn't care, for he felt like his life could finally turn around due to the book that he had just received.
"Now I believe there was another level 1 user here," Jane said," Quinn is it? would you please step forward."
Quinn did as he was told and stepped forward.
"Now Quinn, what ability do you have?"

 
Chapter 6 Resul
Quinn thought the whole thing was ridiculous. It was quite clear to him that Jane already had all the information on him from his previous school. They knew that he never had an ability before, the problem was Quinn was struggling with deciding what to do.
Before coming to military school Quinn had done a bit of research himself. He knew that the military gave all students who had no ability an ability book. Each ability book given was the same one. It was an Earth ability book.
The reason they did this was so students who didn't have an ability before, would suddenly feel indebted to the military. Not only that but the military also had a hold on nearly all of the Earth type ability books. Meaning if you ever wanted to increase your strength, you would have to be loyal to the military, and in return, they would give you more power.
Before Quinn had discovered his own Ability, he actually thought this was the best option for him. Even if he didn't want to join the military after two years, the Earth ability was handy to have. It was easy for employment because the Earth ability was useful in construction.
This was where the problem came in, Quinn already having an ability meant he was unable to learn a new one. The ability book was practically useless. Not only that but Quinn was pretty sure they would keep tabs on every student they had given the ability book to, meaning the teachers would accept him to use earth powers the next time they saw him.
Quinn took a deep breath and said.
"I don't have an ability."
Just like before the hooded man standing by her side handed her a book and then handed it to Quinn.
Quinn took the book off Jane at first but then suddenly, a notification screen appeared.
\<Unable to learn this ability\>
\<Would you like to convert the book into 10 Exp?\>
Quinn had somewhat expected the system to display the first message but the second one truly had surprised him. Quinn was really tempted to take the book and use it as a form of Exp but he knew there would be questions asked later on.
"I'm sorry but I don't want it," Quinn said as he handed the book back to Jane.
The students watching and the instructor stood there were both shocked. Jane hadn't experienced anything like this before. In her five years working as an instructor, it was the first time someone with no ability had rejected the book.
"Please give me one moment." Jane then stood away from the group of students far enough so they wouldn't be able to hear anything.
"Yes, Yes, he says he doesn't want the ability book what shall I do?" Jane said speaking on her earpiece.
"let him take the test." The mysterious man on the phone said.
As the man hung up, he couldn't help but think that Quinn was an interesting student. He started to look at Quinn's file and what he had said seemed to be true. The student had no ability and didn't seem to have any relations with the group Pure.
"Let's see how long you can survive in this cruel world Quinn." The man said.
Back at the testing field, Jane had finished the call with her superior and started to head back over to the group.
"Sorry for waiting," Jane said." Since you won't be taking the ability book, we will still require you to take the test please."
Quinn thought the whole thing was a joke. If Quinn truly had no ability then they already knew what the test results were going to be. Was there really a need for him to take the test. If felt like the only reason they wanted Quinn to continue was to make himself feel humiliated and small. Eventually, then he would choose to go to the military and beg for the ability book they were handing out.
"Please follow me."
Jane then took Quinn a little further out onto the field where Quinn noticed that there were huge craters in the ground, burn marks, and all sorts of things. This was all done from the previous testing contestants.
"Please proceed to destroy the targets in front of you as quick as you can." Jane said," the test will begin immediately."
As soon as Jane finished talking, three targets popped up around randomly around the wasteland. They were metal round targets with a red dot in the center.
The problem was when Quinn tried to look for the targets, everything seemed like a blur in the distance. Quinn then realized that his perfect eyesight, suddenly wasn't so perfect.
"Is this because I'm out in the sunlight?" Quinn thought.
Quinn had no choice but to slowly run-up to each of the targets and hit them with his fist one by one, his time was incredibly slow of course.
There were then two further tests that Quinn needed to complete. The next test was a strength test were Quinn was asked to punch into a huge drum-like machine. Quinn gave it his best shot and hit the drum as hard as he could. The drum vibrated and made a small sound eventually displaying a digital number in the center.
"5, strength," Jane said as she noted it down on her tablet.
When the final test had arrived they had brought out another machine. This machine was a big circular object with many holes on its front. Once the test started the machine fired holographic spikes at the contestants. All Quinn needed to do was avoid being hit by the spikes.
The machine went up in levels and eventually got faster and shot out more spikes, in the end, Quinn managed to get hit and the test was stopped.
"Agility, 5" Jane said once again as she noted it down on her tablet
Quinn had heard the words from Jane's mouth and it started to make him think if there was some sought a link to the score she had given him. The last test was a test of strength and Quinn had scored a 5, similar to his system which had stated he had 5 strength. Then once again this test focused on agility and scored a 5 which was the same as his system.
This meant if Quinn was to take the test at night all of his scores would have most likely doubled. This also meant as long as he leveled up he could always increase his score it was as if his ability was the ability to evolve but had some drawbacks with it as well.
"As expected." Jane said," Unfortunately your current power level is a level 1."
Quinn clenched his fist and went back to stand with the others. He knew that the days ahead of him as a level 1 user would be tough but that wouldn't be for much longer.

 
Chapter 7 Same Ability
The Test continued with Layla taking the text next. She was the only one there who had a weapon on her back. The weapon she used was a bow but it didn't look like a regular bow that people used to use a long time ago.
This bow was carved using parts of a beast. It was black in color and looked almost as if the entire bow was made of gems. Even the string was made of a special material. The reason the bow looked so different, was because it was what was known as a beast weapon.
A bow made from the body parts of a beast. When the human race was attacked by the Dalki, our technology advanced fast by replicating their technology, with this, the humans learned the ability to travel to other planets using portals.
These planets would often contain different levels of beasts. The stronger the beast was the better weapon you could make out of it. It was the first time Quinn had ever witnessed a beast weapon before as no one at his previous school had one.
It was strange to see someone of such a young age who has most likely never been to another planet, to have a beast weapon.
Layla stood in the centre of the field and waited for the test to start. Unlike when it was Quinn's turn, they waited until she was ready before starting. Quinn could already start to see a difference in treatment.
When the test started, 5 targets all appeared in different areas of the wasteland. Layla immediately took out 5 arrows and placed them in her bow, shooting them all off at once in the same direction.
The arrows shot out fast and strong but then suddenly, the five arrows split off into their own direction, each of them heading to a different target.
"What a good combo." Vorden said," She was the ability of telekinesis but it's quite weak, so instead she uses her ability combined with the bow to control the arrows."
In an instant, all five of the targets were hit at the same time and she had completed the first test. Quinn for the first time saw how useful beast weapons were. Even if you had a weak ability you could make it strong.
Quinn wasn't completely sure what his ability was yet but even if it just increased his stats as he levelled up, then he thought about how handy something like a beast sword or something similar would be.
On the strength test, Layla didn't do so well. She used her powers to try to move her fist even faster when punching the drum but, in the end, her score was only an 8.
The last test Quinn also saw her do quite bad. When the test first started, Layla tried to use her ability on the spikes coming at her, unknown to her because they were holograms and not the real thing, it had no effect.
Meaning all Layla could do was rely on her actual body to avoid the spikes, in the end, Layla ended getting the same score as Quinn.
"It looks like you have the ability level of a level 2 User," Jane said and immediately the number 2 appeared on Layla's wrist.
Quinn could tell Layla wasn't happy, she stropped back as she walked over to the group. Quinn thought the test wasn't really fair. Her ability level might be that of a level 2 but when used with a bow Quinn felt like she could have easily beaten some level 3 or 4 users.
Quinn was starting to take note that the academy really did only measure the power level of your ability and not your fighting ability.
The next person to take the test was Erin. She walked forward confidently without even looking at anyone else. She stood in the centre of the testing field waiting for the test to start.
Then, 5 random targets appeared across the wasteland. Immediately she formed an ice spear and chucked it at the target hitting it dead on. She did this one after the other at an incredible speed, nearly clearing them all just as fast as Layla did.
The next test Erin was even more impressive. She started to gather ice in both her palms and then after a minute or so of gathering her power, a huge ice collum was shot from her hands and hit the centre of the drum dead on. The drum rang out louder than it had before and the number kept going up until it had eventually reached 50.
"No wonder she's so confident," Vorden said.
Quinn suddenly thought it was a good thing the two of them didn't fight otherwise Vordan would have been a dead man.
Finally, when the last test had arrived the instructor told her she wasn't allowed to use her ability and should just dodge. Erin had no reaction and started the test immediately. She managed to do well moving swiftly avoiding each spike but eventually, the machine had gotten too fast and she ended up getting hit.
"Impressive!" Jane said," best result so far, power level 5."
Erin continued to walk back to her group as if she knew what she was going to get all along, either that or she didn't really care about the whole thing.
Finally, the last person to take the test in the group was Vorden.
"Time to show you what I got, wish me luck."
Quinn had no clue who Vordan was talking to, but Quinn quickly realized it was him after Vordan gave a wink in his direction as he walked off to the centre of the field.
"Could that idiot actually be strong?" Quinn thought.
Most of the time people who strong were either arrogant about their powers or kept it quiet but Vorden was a strange person. He wasn't exactly arrogant but more flashy.
When it finally came to his turn and the test had started, everyone's mouth was left wide open at what they were seeing. On every single one of the tests, Vorden had done the exact same thing as Erin.
He had used the same ability, the ability of Ice, and had performed just as well.
"See, I told you I was strong!" Vorden said as he showed the number 5 to his new best friend Quinn.
Just what was Vorden's ability Quinn thought.

 
Chapter 8 Fate
After seeing Vorden perform well on the test, Quinn couldn't help but think about what Vordens ability was. When Vorden went to shake his hand that time, it said that Vorden had tried to use his ability on Quinn. Yet for some reason, his ability didn't work.
If Vorden's ability was ice, surely his hand would have just frozen, unless Quinn had an ability to block all ability's but that was highly unlikely. Not only that but straight after even Vorden had a strange reaction and had asked Quinn what his ability was. As if he knew his ability didn't work.
Then another thought came into Quinn's mind, why was Vorden so adamant on shaking everyone's hand he had just met? If Quinn remembered correctly, Erin refused to shake Vorden's hand but in the end, Vorden still went to touch Erin on the shoulder, at the time it seemed like a weird thing to do but now Quinn realized it wasn't and everything was starting to make sense.
Touching was the condition. The last person Quinn touched was Erin, it couldn't be a coincidence that both of them had the same powers. Which meant most likely that Vorden's ability, was the ability to copy other people's ability.
It didn't work on Quinn because his ability wasn't straight forward. Quinn couldn't help his curiosity and had to ask.
"Hey, Vorden is your ability..." Quinn whispered," are you able to copy other people's abilities?"
Vorden looked at Quinn and smiled.
"I'm surprised you figured it out so fast, how did you know?"
"When you shook my hand, you were surprised when nothing happened."
Vorden thought Quinn was quite amazing to be able to guess something like that just form a handshake. After all, it was much more likely that Vorden had obtained the Ice ability from an ability book. The power for copying wasn't available as an ability book which meant one thing.
"Are you an Original?" Quinn asked.
Vorden didn't say anything but simply gave a wink back at Quinn, which pretty much confirmed Quinn's thoughts.
Vorden was an Original, a person from a family who decided to not share their abilities with the outside world. Someone who was usually able to surpass the power level of 8.
Once the test had been completed, the hooded man teleported the students to the front of the academy where they would be staying. The academy was huge and the tallest building in the entire city. It was as if someone had put together three hotels.
There was a total of ten different teachers that were currently standing in front of the academy. In front of them were groups of students who had all finished taking the test. The students were told to wait with the teachers until all the students had finished conducting their tests.
Once in a while, a group of five students would be teleported in front of one of the teachers. Finally, where Quinn was standing, there now was a total of 20 students.
"Okay, you all need to follow me as I take you around the school." The teacher up front said.
The teacher was a middle-aged man with blonde curly hair and wore Glasses, his name was Del.
While Del walked around describing the various places of the academy he couldn't help but smile. It looked like nothing was able to upset him.
"You guys should start to get to know each other a much as you can," Del said." After all, the people you are with now will be your classmates."
Suddenly everyone started to get chattier with each other as they were being shown around the school but there was something Quinn had noticed. The mid-levels were trying their best to get friendly with the higher levels, while the low levels were being completely ignored.
And Quinn and Peter were the only two level 1's in the class. Without realizing it, they had been pushed to the back of the class, and Peter was plodding along with his head held down. It seemed to have affected Peter a lot more than Quinn but Quinn had already suspected this would happen.
Suddenly though, a familiar voice was heard calling out Quinn's name.
"There you are!" Vorden said," Man people just started jumping all over me, then all of sudden I look to my right and you're gone. Come on let's look around together friend."
Quinn truly thought Vorden was a strange person but that wasn't a bad thing. Vorden then noticed Peter was on his own as well.
"Come on, you come over too, stop being a downer."
Peter looked up and pointed a finger at himself.
"Who else do you think I'm talking to," Vorden said.
The three of them continued to hang at the back of the class while the teacher continued to tour around the school. They were shown a battle arena, where they had similar testing equipment to the filed on the wasteland, as well as several square fighting platforms.
They were also shown their homeroom classes, battle classes, sports rooms, and all sorts. Del would explain a little bit about each area of the school they visited but Quinn was uninterested in most of it until they had finally reached the library.
"The library here is split into three floors as you can see. First-year students are only able to access the first floor, second-year students can also go on the second floor, and finally, the last floor is only for Military personal."
Quinn was interested in the library because it contained books that weren't available to the public. Here, Quinn just might find some information about his ability, he just hoped it would be on the first floor.
Finally, the tour was coming to an end as Del stopped just outside the school's dorms.
"And this is where you will be staying during your stay here, once you have dropped off your things, feel free to explore around the academy. There will be no lessons today so you will get to have the rest of the afternoon to explore."
Each student was then handed a number on a piece of paper one be one which displayed which room they would be staying in.
Quinn then noticed form the corner of his eye Vorden coming towards him.
"Hey, Quinn what room number you got?" Vorden asked.
"Err 23."
"No way you're kidding right, I got the same number, maybe its fate bringing us together," Vorden said excitedly.
"Maybe," Quinn replied.
Meanwhile, somewhere down the hallway, two other students were having a conversation.
"Woah what happened to you?" A student said looking at his friend.
"I don't know man some guy just came and hit me out of nowhere and swapped room numbers."
"Man, should we try to get it back?" the student asked.
"Nah if I saw his wrist correctly, it said he was a level 5 it's best if we just leave it"

 
Chapter 9 What system?
After Quinn had finished unpacking, he was free to do what he wanted for the rest of the day. It was still noon so he had plenty of time to explore the academy on do what he wanted.
Quinn was currently sharing his room with two people and to his surprise, he knew both of them. One of them was Vorden while the other was Peter. There were three single beds in the room each spread out from one another but other than that the room was pretty empty.
Students were expected to spend most of their time studying or practicing their skills. there was no time for pleasure.
"What do you guys want to do then?" Vorden asked.
"I'm still unpacking, you two don't have to wait for me, do what you want," Peter replied.
Peter had opened up a little to the two of them, at first he was completely shy and hardly said a word but slowly Peter seemed to be coming out of his shell especially around Quinn. Peter most likely felt comfortable around Quinn knowing that he was a level 1 ability user like himself.
"I was thinking of heading to the library," Quinn replied," that will probably be too boring for you."
"Boring, I can make anything fun, besides I haven't read a book in…" Vorden paused for a while." I can't even remember the last time I read a book."
The three of them laughed and then Vorden and Quinn decided to head to the library together. Finally, they had arrived and the first floor was already busy with students. Quinn noticed that there were multiple round desks spread out where students were sitting and In the middle of the desk was a glowing orb.
"Ahh, you're probably wondering what that Orb thing is in the middle aren't you?" Vorden asked," It looks like they don't have them at public schools. If you touch the orb, then it allows you to create a space, in that space, only those people who have been invited can be heard. This way people are able to talk and chat as much as they want while not disturbing others."
"Technology sure has come a long way."
Quinn and Vorden then chose a table that had two other people sitting on the other side. Just as Vorden had said, Quinn could see the two talking but couldn't hear a word of what they were saying. The orb seemed to only have a range of the table though. Once you left the table others were able to hear you as normal.
Quinn went looking around the library and picked out as many books as he could about abilities. Most of them describing what different types of abilities the world had. Vorden wasn't too bothered and decided to just select a random fiction book to read.
The two sat at their tables while Quinn started to flick away. After reading several books Quinn had discovered nothing new. He already knew about most of the abilities written in the book but not one of them mentioned an ability like Quinn's.
Vorden had been keeping a close eye on Quinn and noticed the type of books he had been picking out.
"What's with all the books, are you looking for something in particular?"
Quinn thought about it for a while before giving Vorden an answer. Vorden wasn't the brightest person when it came to academics but he was quite knowledgeable about abilities it seemed. He would have to be because of the type of ability he had.
"I was trying to decide what ability to get since I turned down the school's offer."
"Oh right, I forgot about that, I thought you might have been one of those Pure members who hate abilities. Turns out you just didn't want to be a dog to the military." Vorden replied," Well is there anything specific you're looking for?"
"Not really, I have no clue. There was one that said something interesting though, have you ever heard of an ability that is weaker in sunlight."
Vorden suddenly started to laugh out loud.
"What are you crazy, I've never heard of something like that. Abilities are something our bodies learn. Sure some people have limits and can't learn stronger spells or can do less than others but for one to get weaker because of the sun. Sounds like you're a Vampire or something."
Quinn felt a little embarrassed by Vorden's reaction. Of course, Quinn knew this would be the normal reaction when asking something like this but it was true. As long as Quinn was in direct sunlight all of his stats would weaken by half.
Quinn continued to look around the library to see if there was anything else he could find. He had finally gone through every single one of the ability books he could find but there was nothing. Quinn then looked up at the floor above where there were some second-year students.
"Maybe there's something up there but I can't imagine what the academy would do to me for breaking the rules." Quinn thought.
As Quinn continued to walk around the library, he had eventually ventured into the fiction section and his eyes were drawn to something.
A specific title of a book named" The Truth about Vampires."
Quinn took out the book and gave it a quick look. Vampires were things of fairy tales, myths even. Even when people started to come out with powers, there was not one person who came out claiming to be a vampire.
Quinn couldn't help himself but start to read the book. It was a long shot but maybe he would find something he could relate to.
After reading and skimming through the book, Quinn found most of it was useless. A lot of the things that Vampires did, didn't relate to him at all. Vampires were required to eat human blood. Some could transform themselves into bats and cast illusions. While others were incredibly skilled with the sword and hypnosis but Quinn had none of these things.
The only thing he could relate to in the book was being weaker in the sun. Eventually, Quinn decided to close the book and call it a day. It didn't seem like he was going to find anything from the first floor of the library.
As soon as Quinn closed the book though. A familiar sound was heard.
*Ding
\<You gained more knowledge about the system\>
\<10 exp received\>
\<15/100 Exp \>
"It couldn't be, could it?"

 
Chapter 10 New Ques
Quinn stared long and hard at the message and reread it multiple times.
"It couldn't be, did I get exp from reading that fantasy book?"
Quinn immediately had to test it out, after reading several different books about abilities, not one had given him exp but for some reason this book did. Quinn then immediately picked up another fantasy story, one about dragons this time titled" Reincarnated into a human?".
He did the same as before and skimmed through most of it but made sure to read the crucial parts, then when he closed the book there was no reaction. This of course was expected.
Then Quinn wanted to test another thing out, he picked up another book that was also about Vampires and did the same. When he closed the book though the same thing happened, the system had no reaction at all.
In the end, Quinn theorized that after reading all the books, he had gained so much knowledge about abilities that the system had rewarded him for it. That maybe the system had just given a delayed message.
He couldn't believe that the book about Vampires was somehow related to his system. Well, he didn't want to believe it.
When Quinn finished checking things out at the library, he noticed that Vorden had disappeared from the table and was no longer in the library.
"Huh, he must have gotten bored and gone somewhere else?"
Quinn looked outside the window and noticed the sun was starting to set. He had been in the library for a total of six hours so far and the time had gone flying by. Then when Quinn was just about to leave, he received another message from the system.
<Daily quest has been completed>
<Avoid direct sunlight for 8 hours>
< 5 exp has been awarded >
<20/100 Exp>
Quinn had finally completed his second daily quest. The ride from school had taken them around 2 hours and with the time spent indoors and in the library, Quinn was able to complete the task with ease.
Each time Quinn received an announcement, he got a satisfying feeling seeing the number go up closer to 100. He couldn't wait to see what would happen once he had reached the goal.
His best guess would be a level up. After all, the system even stated that he couldn't use his shop feature until he was at least a level 10.
The only thing Quinn wished for at the moment was a quicker way to level up. With just the two daily quests a day it would take days until Quinn reached level two.
Right now though there wasn't much he could do but go by his everyday life as normal. As Quinn left the library, he decided to head to the battle arena, there was a theory that he wanted to test out.
But as he was walking through the school hallway, he could see a kid being pushed up against the wall by another student. The boy on the wall looked like he had already been hit a few times and had markings on his face.
ChapterMid();
"So it's started already." Quinn thought.
Quinn managed to catch a glimpse of the boy's wristwatch and saw that the number on it indicated that it was a 1.2 power level. Quinn was quite surprised at this as the person doing the bullying was quite weak himself which was a rare occurrence.
The only people he would be able to bully were people who had a power level of one like Quinn or Peter. That's when Quinn suddenly realized who was up against the wall. It was in fact peter. Quinn didn't recognize him at first because his face was turned the other way.
Quinn was debating with himself whether or not to get involved in the first place. He hated bullies more than anything. They had ruined his school life and it seemed like soon he would be a target as well.
Of course, Quinn also wanted to test out his current strength and he had found the perfect guinea pig. The student in front of him was only at a power level of 1.2 so there was a high chance he could win.
The student lifted his fist again to give peter another punch.
"You think you can just bump into me like that and say sorry!" He shouted as he swung his fist.
Then as Quinn was walking past, he pretended to fall over and bumped into the student, causing him to fall off balance and miss.
"Quinn?" Peter said as he looked up.
"What the hell was that for?" The student said as he looked at who had just pushed into him.
The student then immediately looked at Quinn's watch and suddenly the confidence in him grew.
"What the hell is a level 1 piece of rubbish like you doing?"
"I was waiting to see how long it would take for someone like you to appear. It seems like I lost a bet with myself. I thought it would at least take a couple of days."
"And what are you going to do about it?"
Peter was starting to feel slightly worried about Quinn. He knew at the test site that Quinn had no abilities while the student he was facing did. Peter thought they might stand a chance if the two of them fought together but Peter, in the end, was too afraid.
He had been hurt his whole life and didn't want to be hurt anymore. This was just how the current world worked. The people at the top with the strongest powers bullied the weaker ones and in turn, they bullied the even weaker ones.
It was the first time the student had ever met someone weaker than him and suddenly all the pain he had experienced, he wanted someone else to feel it too. That way he didn't feel like he was at the bottom of the food chain.
Quinn then noticed that the student had both of his hands held behind his back as if he was preparing something and the next thing that happened confirmed his thoughts.
<An ability has been detected>
<Initiating battle mode>
< New quest has been given >
<First fight, power level 1.2>
< Win the fight to gain 50 Exp >
Suddenly, Quinn had a huge grin on his face. This was how he was going to level up faster.

 
Chapter 11 New Skill
The student stood opposite Quinn was still holding his hands suspiciously behind his back. Even without the help of the system, Quinn could tell the student was obviously hiding his ability.
"Come on, what happened to your big balls?" the student said.
"I think you're playing with them behind your back," Quinn replied.
That immediately angered the student which was what Quinn was going for.
"You weak piece of garbage!" the student came charging forward and slashed his hand out at Quinn.
Luckily Quinn's reflexes were fast and he managed to lift his arm in time to block the attack and move back a little. However, the student's hand managed to slice right through the skin of Quinn's arm and caused blood to be drawn.
"Dam it!" Quinn said.
<HP 8/10>
Quinn looked at the student who now had his hands out in view. The student had a transformation ability that was limited to only his hands. They caused them to slightly resemble a tiger claw and hardened his fingernails.
Although Quinn was able to block the attack in time, the claw managed to still rip through his skin.
"Is the system saying if I take four more attacks like that, I'm dead?"
Suddenly everything became a little bit more serious for Quinn. The stinging pain he was feeling on his arm was real and this was a real fight. The game-like system had caused him to take things a little too easy. But he was quickly reminded that this wasn't a game.
The student then immediately started to charge at Quinn once again with his claw-like hands. As the student swung his right-hand Quinn managed to duck and throw a punch of his own into the student's stomach.
"What the hell, this guy hits hard!" The student thought.
The student didn't quit there though and decided to strike at Quinn's open back causing another claw mark to appear.
<HP 6/10>
"Shut up I know!" Quinn shouted as he lifted the student using both of his hands by the legs and threw up against the side of the wall.
"How did Quinn manage to pick him up like that?" Peter thought," There roughly about the same size and he threw him with ease, does he really not have an ability?"
Quinn didn't stop there though. It was important for him to teach people like them a lesson, otherwise, they would just come back for more. Quinn needed to show him to never mess with him again.
Quinn ran up to the student who was lying and the floor and kicked him in the stomach with full force. The kick was so hard that it caused the student to cough up a little bit of blood from his mouth.
<Congratulations Quest has been completed>
<50 Exp Received>
<70/100 Experience points>
"Is he dead?" Peter asked.
Then the student suddenly started coughing some more.
"No, but if he attacks us again, he's going to wish he was."
Quinn was actually quite relieved. He didn't know what the punishment was at the academy for killing another student, even if he explained that he hadn't attacked first. He also didn't want the burden of death on his shoulders at such a young age, so he was happy when the system had rewarded him the experience points, without having the need to kill the student.
Then suddenly another message had appeared.
<Additional Quest reward>
<Skill unlocked: inspect lv1>
Excitement started to fill Quinn's mind as he had finally received his first skill. Quinn was hoping maybe this would help him figure out what type of ability he had but the name of it didn't sound too promising.
"Inspect? So maybe it can tell me the weaknesses of my opponents?" Quinn thought.
Quinn then decided to test his new ability out and looked at Peter who was standing next to him. Now was the next problem. Quinn had no idea how to use his skill but the moment he started thinking about the skill" Inspect." The skill had activated on its own and a screen had appeared right next to Peter.
<Name: Peter Chuck>
<Race: Human>
<Ability: None>
<HP 3/5>
<Blood type A+>
?????
????
Quinn looked at the information that had been given to him and it seemed like there were some sections blanked out. Quinn could only assume this was because the level of his skill was still only at level 1 but the information it did give him, was quite handy.
It told Quinn what type of ability they had which would be very useful in a fight, it also told Quinn how much health they had. However, there was one bit of information that Quinn found strange and that was the Blood type. It was weird for the system to give him information about such a specific thing and Quinn also wondered how on earth would this ever help him in the future.
Quinn then went up to the Student who was still laying on the ground in pain and used the inspect skill on him.
<Name: Kyle Main>
<Race: Human>
<Ability: Transformation>
<HP 1/8>
<Blood type B->
Checking the status of Kyle made Quinn learn a few new things. The information he was given about the ability, only gave him the type of ability. There were hundreds of different transformation abilities so it wasn't able to pinpoint it.
The other thing was the HP, It looked like for his victory he only needed to bring down the students HP to 1 but Quinn still didn't know if 0 meant death or not. It could also just mean the person had been knocked out.
Right after inspecting Kyle though, Quinn had received another notification.
<Optional Quest has been granted>.
<Drink the blood of your victim to absorb a stat point>
"What the, is this thing crazy!" Quinn thought.
Even if it gave him a stat point there was no way he was going to drink someone else's blood. The very idea of it made Quinn feel sick.
For a brief moment though Quinn looked to the ground where Kyle had spat out some of his blood.
"Maybe a little bit wouldn't hurt… Quinn, you're going crazy stop it."
"Come on let's go," Quinn said to peter.
The two of them continued to walk down the hallway but while doing so Peter noticed that Quinn kept turning his head to look at Kyle who was still on the floor.
"He must be worried about him, Quinn's a nice guy after all." Peter thought as he smiled.
But what he didn't realize was that Quinn wasn't looking at Kyle at all, but was looking at Kyle's blood that was on the ground.

 
Chapter 12 A second tes
As the two continued to walk down the hallway. Quinn started to feel a strange surge through his body.
"Hey, shouldn't you go to the doctor, I'm sure they have a healer who can patch that up?" Peter asked.
"Yeah thanks, I'll head there now," Quinn replied," You don't have to come with me, it will be a busy day tomorrow so why don't you head back to the dorm?"
Although Peter was worried about Quinn, Peter didn't want to stick in the halls for much longer where other students were able to see him.
Quinn could see that Peter was hesitating about what to do.
"look don't worry, Vorden just went to the bathroom he'll be back any second so don't worry about it."
With that Peter quickly rushed off and headed back to the dorms making sure to cover up his wristwatch most of the time as well. He didn't want another incident to happen again.
Quinn on the other hand, immediately rushed to the nearest boy's toilet just down the hall. When he entered the toilet he immediately started to look at his arm were Kyle had scratched it with his claws.
While looking in the mirror slowly Quinn could see that his arm was healing. Though it looked slow, in reality, it was incredibly fast. For someone to be able to actually witness his skin scabbing over and healing was an amazing sight.
Quinn had actually felt something strange happening to his body during this process and he noticed it when he was talking to Peter. It was why Quinn was trying to do everything in his power to get Peter to leave him alone.
If Peter was to see something like this, there was no doubt that Peter would think he had an ability.
Quinn waited a few minutes and opened up his status screen. It was as he thought, his HP slowly regained as well.
\<HP 8/10\>
Eventually, the wound on his arm and back had completely healed up and only the rips in his shirt could be seen.
\<HP 10/10\>
\<Your HP had been healed\>
\<Your hunger has grown\>
Just when Quinn received the two messages Quinn suddenly started to feel hungry.
"Does this mean the system uses food to heal my wounds? It makes sense, the energy has to come from somewhere." Quinn thought.
The pain in Quinn's belly was very little. It was as if he had just missed breakfast or something. When Quinn had the chance, he would get a quick bite to eat.
Before Quinn headed back to the dorms there was one more thing he wanted to do and that was to head to the training room that they had been shown while touring the school.
It was getting late and the students had an early start in the morning, so most of the students had already returned to their dorms. This meant it was the perfect chance for Quinn to head to the training room without anyone seeing him.
Quinn had finally reached the training room in the academy. It was a large oval dome-like building with a huge empty space in the middle. At the edges of the room were rows and rows of technological equipment.
There were giant mech robots, shooting targets, and things Quinn had no idea what they even did but what Quinn wanted to see most of all, was the power level testing equipment. Inside the training centre, Quinn had also spotted the same machinery that was used at the testing field.
When Quinn entered the room was completely empty of people as he thought.
Quinn walked over to testing equipment while walking past all the other sorts of machinery and finale he stopped just in front of the drum-like machine. This machine was the same machine that tested the user's strength.
Layla had also come to the training room late at night and before Quinn had entered, she had been testing out her bow and arrow skills, practicing. She always practiced at night when she was nervous and she couldn't help but worry about tomorrow.
That was when she suddenly heard the doors open to the training room, being her shy usual self, she immediately hid behind one of the giant robots. Suddenly she saw the student walk over to her direction then she noticed something.
"Isn't that the boy that I took the test with? If I remember correctly, he had no ability." Layla thought.
Layla continued to watch Quinn as he approached the large drum.
"Here it goes!" Quinn said as he prepared his fist,
He swung his fist back and prepared to hit the drum as hard as possible. A number appeared on the drum and the number slowly started to rise until it eventually stopped at 10.
"Seems like I was on the mark," Quinn said.
Quinn had a theory after hearing his test scores that his status screen stats also matched the equipment the school used. Although this was only a theory, Quinn wanted to test it out for himself.
Layla who had been watching from behind one of the robots also noticed Quinn's new score.
"Ten, didn't he get five last time? Was he hiding his ability? That score's higher than my score."
Layla was suddenly interested in the mysterious student and continued to watch him.
Quinn next went to the hologram spike machine. Last time Quinn managed to last ten seconds against the machine before it got too fast for him to dodge the attacks. If his theory was right, he should at least be able to last twenty seconds now that his stats were no longer halved.
Quinn started the test and when the test eventually ended, he got exactly twenty seconds.
"It looks like I was right."
With Quinn having confirmed his results, there was nothing left for him to do but head back to the dorm and wait for the next day to start.
Meanwhile, Layla who had been watching this whole time had seen everything. She couldn't understand why a student would hide his strength in the school. A low power level meant you were a target for others.
Layla only had one thought while she looked at Quinn." Interesting."
She decided from now on she would keep a close eye on Quinn.

 
Chapter 13 School hierarchy
The next day at 8:00 AM the students were woken up by the sound of an alarm in the dorm rooms. It was the signal for everyone to wake up and get dressed. Once everyone was ready, they were to head down to the canteen together for breakfast.
When Quinn woke up, he was greeted with a nice surprise from the system.
\<You have completed your daily Quest\>
\< Avoid direct sunlight for 8 hours\>
\< Reward 5 exp\>
\<75/100\>
The daily quest had reset at midnight and Quinn had slept for 8 hours rewarding him with his exp. Quinn was pleased as this meant he would easily be able to gain 5 exp without having to go out of his way.
Then a rumbling sound came from his belly.
"I'm hungrier than I usually am for some reason, maybe my body really did use up a lot of energy in that fight." Quinn thought as he headed down to the canteen.
The canteen was a large hall but it was quite plain. In fact, while walking around the school Quinn noticed most of the school was plain. Single white walls, no picture frames, or anything, just windows now and again.
It was the sleek modern clean look that the world had taken. The canteen was then filled with large tables that we're able to seat three people on each side of the table. As soon as Quinn entered though he noticed something straight away.
There were no set seats in the canteen meaning students were free to sit where they liked. This straightaway led to a divide in the school. The low levels sat next to the low levels and the high levels sat with the high levels.
When Quinn was waiting in line with Peter and Vorden they noticed a student come late into the queue. He walked past most of the students and eventually cut into the line ahead of the others. Not one person said a word and the simple reason was he was a higher power level than them.
Quinn hated these types of actions but right now there was nothing he could do. Once the three of them got their food they started looking for a place to eat.
"Why don't we go over there?" Voden pointed at an empty spot.
"Are you sure Vorden?" Peter asked," That's a level one area, you don't have to sit with us if you don't want to, right Quinn?"
"Yeah don't force yourself," Quinn replied.
"Quit talking nonsense you two, we're friends, I don't care about this stupid power level hierarchy going on."
The three of them then went to sit down with the other lower levels on a table. The area slowly started to fill up but not one other person had decided to sit on their table. There was a simple reason for this, they were scared of Vorden.
They could see his high-power level and the other low levels wanted to stay away.
As soon as the food was put on the table Quinn started to dig in straight away eating everything that was given to him, even the bits he usually didn't like.
"Hey if you're not going to finish that do you mind if I take it," Quinn asked.
"Sure, go ahead," Peter said.
Quinn not only ate all of his food but also everything the other two had left behind as well. Not only that but Quinn had grabbed 8 bottles of water as he wanted to finish his quest as soon as possible.
He noticed last time when he was in the sun, he sweated more than usual and thanks to the water he drank beforehand, he didn't feel as dehydrated. If they were to go outside again then this would be a big help to Quinn.
"For a skinny guy, you sure did pack down all that food," Vorden said.
Although Quinn had clearly eaten a lot, for some reason he still had a little bit of hunger that wouldn't quite go away. Luckily it was bearable and didn't distract him too much.
\<A daily quest has been complete: Drink two liters of water.\>
\< Reward 5 exp \>
\<80/100\>
Quinn was now only 20 points away from levelling up and he would soon see what benefits that brought him. Then Quinn suddenly remembered that he had learned the inspect skill yesterday and decided to use it on Vorden.
\<HP 10/10\>
\<Race: Human\>
\<Ability: None\>
\<Blood type: O- \>
Quinn paused for a second as he read over what he was seeing. For some reason, the system was stating that Vorden had no ability.
"Hey, Vorden can you still use Erin's ice powers at the moment?"
"Wow, I didn't know you were so interested in me," Vorden said as he rubbed the back of his head." Actually, my ability resets every day and I haven't touched anyone today. Besides you two of course but you two are duds for my ability."
With breakfast over, it was time for them to head to class. On the way there in the middle of the hallway Peter and Quinn managed to spot Kyle. Kyle looked like he was in top condition and had completely healed.
As he walked past though he made sure to avoid eye contact.
"Do you think he'll tell the teacher what happened?" Peter whispered.
"No I doubt it, it's embarrassing for him to admit he was defeated by someone weaker then him, plus it will only make him a target if people find out."
It was time for the first class of the day and they needed to head to their tutor rooms together. Their teacher for the day was Del who was the same person who had shown them around the school.
The students took their seats and just like in the canteen people chose to sit next to those with the same power levels, all but Vorden of course. Vorden decided to sit at the back of the class with the level ones and twos and also chose to sit in between peter and Quinn.
Immediately the other students started to talk.
"What does he think he's doing sitting with those bottom feeders."
"I saw he sat with them in the canteen as well."
"Won't this cause a problem for the hierarchy at school, won't the second-year students start to do something?"
"Yeah if he keeps breaking the rules, then they will defiantly step in."
The difference in treatment wasn't just a school thing, it was a society thing as well. The higher power level you had the better job and more pay you could earn. The more support you would get from the government while the rest were forgotten about.
The ones at the top didn't have a problem with this of course. The lower power levels would do anything they asked just to obtain a new skill from them hoping one day they could increase their power level and anyone who tried to upset this, where quickly silenced.
It was the whole reason why the Pure group existed in the first place. To fight against this system and it was also why they were treated like terrorists.
Del started his lecture which was about the introduction fo the school and the great war.
"When we were losing the great war against the Dalki race that was when they had come forward. We call them the Originals. This was the first time the whole world had been introduced to abilities. Unknown to all of us they had kept these abilities for themselves for hundreds of years only passing it down to their family members.
Thanks to them they shared their abilities with others of the human race but not all of them of course. When we talk about an Original we are either talking about the founders of the ability or a group that decided to not share its abilities to the rest of the world."
Del then suddenly had a serious look on his face.
"Although we are currently in a time of piece who knows when the war will start again and that is why you are here."
Once the class had finished it was time for the students to take a break. Vorden, Quinn, and Peter headed outside to grab a snack. As soon as Quinn stepped outside though the usual message had appeared.
\<All stats have been halved.\>
The three of them sat by a nearby bench and Quinn once again felt weak.
"Hey are you alright, you look sick again?" Vorden asked," And your sweating like crazy."
"Yeah, I just get hot easily," Quinn replied.
The three of them continued to talk about useless things and the experiences they had at school, until suddenly a group of six male students appeared in front of them. Each of them wearing a black arm badge indicating that they were second-year students.
"Looks like the rumours were true." One of the second-year students said.
"We have some business to discuss with you three, do you mind coming with us?"

 
Chapter 14 Unwritten rules
Quinn, Peter, and Vorden were being escorted by the second-year students to a separate part of the school. The school was split into different sections and the second-year building was separate from the first years. This meant the second-year students didn't really interact with the first-year students.
"Shouldn't we just run?" Whispered Peter.
"It might just make the situation worse, if they were going to do something to us they would have waited until we were on our own." Quinn replied," It seems like they did this in public intentionally, as if to make a statement to all the other low levels."
After walking for a while longer they had eventually arrived at their destination. It was down one of the sides of the second-year buildings, there were a few second-year students who were walking past but the place was relatively quiet.
Sitting down just outside of the building on the staircase, was a tall man with brown hair wrapped in a ponytail.
"We brought them here as you have asked Mono." One of the second-year students said.
"You guys can leave," Mono replied as he stood up from the staircase.
The second-year students did as they were told and quickly left them to be on their own.
"It seems there have been rumours going around of a high tier student hanging around with a bunch of low tier students."
Quinn then noticed Mono's wristwatch which had the number 6 written on it.
"Is it against the rules?" Vorden asked.
Mono started to laugh.
"Not quite but there are some unwritten rules of the academy." Mono then walked over to Quinn." You see the moment you start treating this trash like they are useful to society, they start to get a big head."
Now that Mono was close enough to Quinn, Quinn was able to use his Inspect skill but when he tired casting it the status screen that appeared was blurry, it looked like the status screen itself was melting and all the information was unreadable.
"Is it because I'm out in the sun?" Quinn thought.
"Look at this scum." Mono said," I'm only a few feet away from him and there isn't even an ounce of fear in his eyes. You know I'm happy that the war started because it got rid of people like you and only the strong survived."
Quinn's blood started to boil, he hated the war and how it had taken everything away from him including his parents. He no longer cared if he was going to take a beating or not, all he wanted to do was punch Mono in the face right there and then.
At this distance even if Quinn's punch was slow it should still hit. Quinn couldn't hold in his anger any longer and threw out a punch but before Quinn's punch was even thrown out fully, Mono had already taken a step back causing Quinn's fist to hit the air.
Vorden then took this chance to grab onto Mono. However, once again Mono had moved before Quinn had even started his action, causing Vorden to grab nothing.
"You think I'm going to let someone touch me who's ability I don't even know," Mono said." I didn't come here to fight you guys, today was just a warning, there are some people in this school that not even the military can touch and if you continue acting this way, they will get involved."
With that, Mono headed back up the stairs and into the second-year building.
"Do you think he's serious?" Peter asked," I know at school they didn't like this type of stuff but it seems even worse now that we're in a military school, why don't the teachers do something to stop it."
"Because it works in their favour." Quinn replied," The strong bullying the weak causes the weak to go on the path to find more power, but if you were weak to begin with and don't have the family backing to help you, where would you go to get this power?"
"The military," Vorden answered.
"Exactly, the teachers and the school don't do anything because it benefits them. After experiencing hell for two years your mind will have been broken down. You would do anything to seek power and protection and the military can offer that for you." Quinn said.
Quinn then looked at Vorden.
"it might be best if we comply with their wishes and go our separate ways for now."
"Why should I listen to them!" Vorden snapped back.
The outburst surprised Quinn as Vorden was strangely against his suggestion.
"Look, I understand Vorden that you might think you are helping me and Peter but maybe you don't understand because you've never been powerless like us. When we break their rules they won't go for you, it will be me and Peter they will go for."
Quinn hated to saying this to Vorden, after all, Vorden was the first person who has a high-power level who didn't discriminate between people and so far Vorden's presence had helped. Whenever Quinn and Peter walked around the higher levels did nothing to them because of Vorden.
But this had only attracted bigger fish, something that Vorden and Quinn couldn't handle, at least, not yet anyway.
"Fine, have it your way!" Vorden said with anger as he stormed off back to the dorm building.
"Maybe we should have explained it to him better," Peter said.
"No, it's fine it's better this way," Quinn replied.
Although it looked like Vorden had stormed off in anger due to Quinn's words, that wasn't true at all. Vorden was angry at the whole situation at the school. Even here it seemed like people were telling him how he should live his life, who he could, and who he could not hang out with.
Vorden also didn't want Quinn to get hurt so he knew it was the right choice, but Vorden wasn't going to just let these people get away with trying to control his life. Vorden was going to go after them all.

 
Chapter 15 Finding my next targe
Layla had been tracking Quinn and the others for a while now, she was even there when Quinn was busy dealing with Mono. Although she didn't plan to help out or anything, she was just amazed that Quinn was able to attract so much attention in one day.
The only thing that Layla was confused about was why did Quinn's punch seem so weak and slow. From the looks of things, it seemed like Quinn really did want to punch Mono but that defiantly wasn't his best from what she had seen at the training centre.
After Vorden had stormed off, Peter and Quinn decided that it would be best that they head back to class for their next lesson. They walked for a while but just before they got back to the first-year building, a group of first-year students were standing in front of the staircase.
There were three of them in total and on their wrist watch they had a power level between 2 and 2.5.
"What are we going to do, Dan asked for 50 credits by the end of this week." One of the boys said.
"I know, why did they have to pick on us, just cause we're weaker than him." Another boy replied.
Credits were the School's and city's currency system. Even though they were at military school, the rest of the city functioned as normal. There were still restaurants and shops and even fun activities and games to play all around the city. If you wanted to do these things you would have to pay with credits.
Students received free food while at the school but they also received a daily amount of ten credits that would be sent to their wristwatch. The students were able to get more credits by performing well on missions, school activities, and rewards.
Peter and Quinn continued to walk past the boys to head the class, that's when one of the boys called out to them.
"Wait, stop right there you two!" the boy shouted.
Peter stopped immediately while Quinn carried on walking.
"Hey, are you listening I said stop." The boy said, then another boy immediately got in front of Quinn and pushed him back to where Peter was standing.
Quinn was hoping another incident wouldn't occur at least while out in the sun. If he got inside the building just in time then he thought he would have had a fighting chance.
"I think I might have just solved our credits problem; you must be the only level ones in this whole school." The boy said." Hand over 10 credits each and you can go inside."
"But that's all the credits we have," Peter complained.
"look I don't want to do this but if I don't, then my arse gets beat. Hand over the credits now."
Peter looked at Quinn with hope in his eyes, perhaps thinking that Quinn might have been able to do something like last time but after trying to hit Mono, he knew he would have no chance. Besides, these were level twos even at full strength he might not be able to beat them.
Quinn decided that it would be better off to just hand over the credits anyway. It was better than losing a fight and forcing the credits over.
Just then Quinn received another system message.
\< A New quest has been given \>
\< A Power level difference of 2 has been detected\>
\< Additional exp will be awarded\>
\<Defeat the student known as Rylee\>
Suddenly, Quinn wanted to test out his chances. The idea of gaining additional exp and levelling up even further became really attractive to him but Quinn wouldn't let his greed win him over. Right now there were three level 2 power users but the system had only asked him to defeat one of them.
The first thing Quinn needed to do was get inside so he could use his inspect skill and find out which one was named Rylee. Right now if Quinn used it outside it would only appear as a blur.
In the end, Quinn decided to hand over the ten credits, He placed his watch on the other boys and the credits were transferred over. Peter ended up doing the same and the two of them were allowed to enter the building.
"Hey that was a great idea man!" one of the boys said," Should we just stay out here until we find someone weaker again."
"What!" Quinn said in his head, he was hoping that once they had paid them, the boys would enter the building but it looked like they were going to hang outside for a while. Quinn suddenly stopped and waited.
"What are you two doing, scram unless you want an ass-kicking!" A boy said.
Then Quinn clenched his fist and shouted.
"Rylee!"
All three boys turned their heads at the same time but not one of them replied. Quinn bad luck continued but he had one more plan to find out which one of them was Rylee.
"If you pull this sort of thing again on me Rylee, your dead!" Quinn said.
Suddenly the boy stood in the centre of the three with red hair got up and shouted.
"What the hell did you say to me you little punk?"
"Run!" run Quinn shouted.
Like a bolt of lightning, Peter and Quinn ran as fast as they could to their next class.
"What did you do that for?" Peter asked.
"I just wanted to annoy them a little."
Peter couldn't help but think Quinn was a little mad but he liked the fact that Quinn didn't seem to take crap from people stronger than him and kind of looked up to him a little.
Once they were just outside their class Quinn opened up his status screen to check if the Quest was still active.
"Good." Even though Quinn was now away from Rylee, it seemed like the quest was still active and Quinn would get the exp as long as he completed it at any time.
And Now he knew which one was Rylee and who his first target would be.
"You're going to help me level up."

 
Chapter 16 A new look
Classes for the day had finally finished, since it was the first day most of the classes were just introductions and about what they would learn during their time at the school.
Peter and Quinn did their best to avoid most of the other students for the day and it seemed like after everything they had been through, they weren't going to get into any more trouble.
Once classes had finished it was time to go for dinner. Quinn still had this hunger in his stomach so he was looking forward to dinner more than usual. This time, Quinn and Peter both sat on their own at a table in the low-level area. Then Peter started to look around the room as if he was trying to spot someone.
"I don't see Vorden anywhere, do you think he's okay?" Peter asked.
Quinn then scouted around the room and he too couldn't see Vorden at the canteen.
"I wouldn't worry about it too much, trust me when I say this but he is a lot safer than us at this school."
The two continued to eat and once they had finished dinner decided to head back to their dorm room. To their surprise, Vorden was already in the dorm room on his own lying on his bed.
When the two of them closed the door behind them, Vorden lifted his head and immediately smiled at Peter and Quinn.
"Hey, I've been waiting for you two for a while now," Vorden said as he got off the bed." I wanted to say sorry about earlier, I wasn't angry at you guys but just at this whole situation."
When Vorden got up from the bed, Quinn noticed a slight mark on the side of Vorden's face. It was a little red and a little swollen.
"What happened to your face?" Peter asked.
"Oh, this?" Vorden said as he touched the marking." I got into a little scuffle of my own but don't worry I didn't lose. You don't have to worry about me I'm strong."
Then suddenly, a loud growling noise was heard in the room. Peter and Vorden immediately looked at Quinn whose face had gone bright red.
"Sorry, I guess I'm still hungry after dinner," Quinn said laughing nervously.
"Why don't you grab something from the convenience store, it's not too far away?" Vorden said.
Quinn looked at his watch and realized even if he did go to the convenience store to grab something, he wouldn't be able to buy anything in the first place since he had no credits but before he could even say anything, Vorden had come over and tapped his watch against Quinn's.
"Transfer of ten credits successful" The notification sounded.
"Don't even say anything and go grab something," Vorden said with a smile.
"Thanks."
With that Quinn left Peter and Vorden on their own while Quinn rushed off to the convenience store. The convenience store wasn't too far away from military school. If you walked out, it would take you around 20 minutes.
At the front of the school was a huge gate that had two guards stood at the entrance at all times, only students, teachers, and certain military personal were allowed on the school grounds. So when you exited students were required to show their wristwatch to the guard and same upon entering again.
Once past the gates, Quinn decided to test out how much ten stamina points really was. He started to jog at a relatively fast pace to the convenience store. After running for about 5 minutes he realized that he wasn't out of breath or anything like he usually would be.
He decided to run even faster eventually making it to the convenience store in 7 minutes.
"I think I was doing about a kilometre in under five minutes, and I'm not even out of breath." Quinn thought.
The stats given to him were that of an athlete's body, it wasn't the same weak body he had before but at the same time, it wasn't a supernatural body that surpassed human limits.
Another thing he noticed while running at night, he could see everything super clear. Even when there were no street lights, it was as if the moon had lightened everything up. A type of night vision of sorts.
\< Your hunger grows slightly \>
"I know, I don't need the system to tell me when I'm hungry."
When Quinn entered the convenience store he went and grabbed a few of his favourite snacks. Some late-night ice cream and potato chips. That's when he suddenly spotted Rylee and his friends in the same store down another aisle.
Quinn ducked down quietly and waited for them to finish shopping before doing anything else.
"What luck, I thought I would have to track him down but it seems like he's come right to me."
While Quinn was hiding, he noticed he was in the middle of the masks section. There was one particular mask that stood out to him. It was a fully black mask that covered the top half of the face so the mouth could be seen. Across the mask was blood splatter on it.
"Kinda spooky looking."
Once Rylee and the others had left the store, Quinn decided to grab the mask and snacks and placed them on the counter.
Layla who was also in the store noticed the mask that Quinn had bought.
"What the, it's not Halloween yet, what is he doing buying a mask like that?" she thought.
Layla decided to continue to follow Quinn while Quinn was busy following Rylee and his friends.
"Hey, we're going to shoot some hoops in the park, you want to join?" One of the boys asked.
"Nah, you know my ability useless for playing games like that." Rylee replied," I think ill just head back and wait by the school gate, see if there are any more suckers I can leach some credits from."
The other two boys looked at each other, they knew what they were doing was wrong but were only doing it because they themselves didn't want to get beaten up by a higher power level. Where it seemed like Rylee was starting to get a little pleasure from bullying those weaker than him.
Rylee started to head back to school and eventually reached a small park on the way back. An area that was completely void of people and had very little lights. There were also plenty of trees for Quinn to hide himself.
"It's showtime," Quinn said as he put the mask on his face.

 
Chapter 17 Level up
Quinn continued to follow Rylee into the forest until he had eventually reached the park. It was mostly dark outside and the only visible light in the area was coming from either the moon or the single street lamp.
After checking if there were any people nearby, Quinn decided it was time to act and put on his mask.
"Even if he spots me now, he won't know who to come back to for revenge."
Rylee was currently going through the information on his watch, the glowing light displayed he had a total of 80 credits.
"I'm a genius, I don't know why I didn't do this sooner." Rylee said," I have more than enough to pay Dan and keep some for myself, as long as I stay on Dan's good side, no one will try to attack me."
As soon as Rylee finished his thought, he felt a large impact on his right side.
Just then Quinn had come out from the trees and threw out a kick causing Rylee to stumble to the ground. When Rylee looked up all he could see was a student wearing a horrifying mask, with a blood splat on the front.
"What the heck, who are you?" Rylee shouted.
Of course, Quinn wasn't going to answer and wanted to finish the fight fast. He ran up to Rylee and threw another kick, this time though Rylee was prepared and lifted his hands manging to block the kick.
When Quinn's legs hit Rylee's hands though, it felt like he was kicking against solid rock.
"OUCH!" Quinn said as he quickly leapt backward to check on his leg.
He lifted his trousers and saw his leg was badly hurt, it looked like his bones had even bent in slightly.
"What?" Rylee thought as he saw his attacker fall back. Then Rylee spotted his attacker's wristwatch, which lit up brightly in the dark and displayed the number one.
Rylee started to laugh.
"I see now, you're probably one of the students I took the credits from earlier, And I'm guessing you thought you could get some revenge."
Quinn then quickly used his inspect skill on his opponent.
<HP 8/10>
<Race: Human>
<Abilty: Hardening>
<Blood type: B+>
"Damn it, no wonder my leg felt like it hit a rock."
Although Quinn's surprise attack didn't work, he still felt like he could win this fight.
Quinn charged in once again this time throwing a fist. The attack was faster than Rylee had expected and he didn't have time to use his hardening skill and he took the blow right in the face.
"I think he cracked my tooth, how hard does this kid hit?" Rylee thought.
Quinn threw another punch with his other hand but Rylee had predicted this and hardened his face in time. When Quinn's fist hit Rylee's face, once again it felt like he was hitting a rock.
< Your fist is broken >
< 7/10 HP >
Quinn then stepped back causing distance between the two.
"Again, what am I meant to do if he keeps hardening his body?"
ChapterMid();
Then a thought came into Quinn's mind. If Rylee was able to harden his body then why didn't he just keep it hardened all the time? If he did then Quinn's first attack wouldn't have gone through.
Did this mean that Rylee was only able to Harden a single part of his body at a time? It was just a theory but Quinn had nothing to lose and this gave him a plan.
Quinn Ran forward at Rylee one more time shouting.
"I'm going to punch that ugly face of yours if it's the last thing I do!"
Rylee then hardened his face again and was ready this time but at the last second Quinn changed his punch to a kick in the stomach, causing Rylee to bend over.
"It worked."
Then Quinn went to knee Rylee in the stomach again but at the last second stopped and punched Rylee on the back of the head. Now Rylee laid on the ground defenceless. Ray gave one fast swift attack to the back of his head and Rylee was knocked out.
"Did you really think I would call where I was going to attack?" Quinn said.
<Quest has been completed>
<50 exp will be rewarded>
<Power level difference of 1>
<20 additional exp will be awarded>
<100/100>
<You have reached the maximum amount of exp>
<Would you like to level up?>
"Would I like to level up? Why even bother asking." Quinn thought.
<Yes>
<Once you have levelled up any changes will be irreversible?>
"Who cares, Yes"
<Congratulations! You are now level 2>
<Evolution process has started>
"Evolution?"
Suddenly, Quinn felt a large stabbing pain in his heart, it started to beat faster then it had ever done before. The blood started to rush through his veins all over his body. The pain was so much that Quinn had fallen to his knees but he did his best to keep in any screams, fearing he would alarm anyone.
The pain continued throughout his body, his broken hand started to heal along with his legs, and then a sharp stabbing pain could be felt in his teeth. The pain continued to last for a further five minutes until it had eventually stopped.
<Congratulations, you have successfully evolved>
<You are now a Half-Ling>
Quinn starred at the words the system gave him but it didn't make sense to him, he had never heard of the term halfling before. Then even more messages started to appear.
<Your stats have increased>
<A new skill has been unlocked>
<Lv1 Blood swipe>
Blood swipe: A skill that has a range of 5 meters. It will fire out a red line of energy form the user's hands. To use the skill the user must use their own blood causing -1HP per Blood swipe.
Before Quinn had time to check out the changes to his stats, another message had appeared which was the most shocking of them yet.
<Your hunger grows>
<You can no longer suppress your need for blood>
<Your HP will decrease by -1HP every hour until you have consumed Human blood>

 
Chapter 18 I'm a Vampire
Quinn had to take a few steps back and took a minute to take everything in. He couldn't believe what he was reading right now. After seeing that last message there was only one thing that came into his head.
"I'm a Vampire?"
Maybe Quinn was just trying to avoid the truth this whole time but this was the finale thing to confirm it. Quinn had his suspicion after reading the book, but everything was adding up, him being weaker in the sun, his night vision, and the fact the system wanted him to drink blood.
But now it was telling him that he would have to drink blood otherwise he would die. Quinn stood there looking down at Rylee who was passed out lying on the ground.
Quinn gulped his saliva down, for some reason something was drawing him to Rylee's body. Without realizing it, he was slowly moving forward and suddenly he could see Rylee's pulse beating through his neck. The blood flowing through his veins.
<Bonus Quest granted >
<Consume your victim's blood to gain a stat point>
"How am I even meant to do this." Quinn thought as he looked Rylee like a piece of meat on a plate.
Layla had continued to watch Quinn since he left the convenience store. When she saw Quinn following Rylee and him holding the mask, she had an idea of what Quinn was planning to do. She kept a safe distance back while staying in between the trees to avoid being seen.
That's when she saw the whole thing. She saw Quinn put on the mask and beat Rylee to the ground but then she was wondering what Quinn was doing. He was kneeling on the floor as if he was in pain and now, he was looking at Rylee very strangely she thought.
The next second she saw Quinn go to the ground and lift Rylee's body slightly off the floor.
"What the…" Layla said," He can't be planning to... kiss him, what is wrong with this person?"
Quinn continued to lift Rylee of the ground and place him back down again as he was deciding on what to do.
"Damn it, in the movies it so much easier." Quinn said," The idea of sticking my teeth into someone, I just can't do it."
In the end, Quinn decided to leave Rylee's body there and head back to the school.
"I wonder what that was all about, in the end, he didn't do anything?" Layla thought.
Quinn started to head back to school and placed the mask back in his shopping bag. He noticed that the ice cream he had bought had melted but for some reason when he looked at it, in no longer looked appetizing.
There was a hunger in his stomach that he knew wouldn't be satisfied with food and he wondered just how long he would be able to hold it in.
When Quinn had finally arrived back at school, he decided to stop by the toilet first. Quinn was looking at himself in the mirror to see if there were any noticeable changes but Quinn looked the same as before. Then Quinn lifted up his lips so he could get a better view of his teeth but they too had stayed the same.
ChapterMid();
"Phew, at least it looks like no one will be able to tell. I wonder why I felt pain in my teeth at the time then?"
Quinn then decided to open his status screen to see if there were any differences from before now that he had levelled up and evolved.
<Name: Quinn Talen>
<Race: Half-Ling>
<HP 15/15>
<Exp 50/200>
<Strength 10>
<Agility 10>
<Stamina 10>
<Attribute points available (1)>
Quinn's health had increased by 50 percent while everything else seemed to have remained the same. To be honest, Quinn was pretty bumped out about that but just underneath he could see that there was a single attribute point.
When Quinn pressed on the system it would allow him to increase his strength, Agility or Stamina by one point. Quinn thought about it for a while and decided to add a point to his Agility.
<Agility 11>
Even though Quinn wanted to put it into strength in case he met more people like Rylee, he thought he could overcome that problem with a good beast weapon and would just be a waste of stats. What he wanted right now was to be able to be fast and agile like an assassin.
Quinn wondered if there was a reason why the system had only given him one point, then he started to remember the additional quest that it had given him. As long as Quinn consumed the blood of his victim, it would give him a stat point.
So far Quinn would have been able to have an additional two stat points while levelling up only gave him one. If Quinn wanted to get stronger then this would be the quickest way.
But Quinn was unsure on whether or not he would be able to do it, he needed to try to do more research into the system and see if there was anything he could find out.
He had a direction now and knew his system was similar to that of a vampire. Perhaps if he learned more about them he would be able to figure out if there was a way around drinking the blood as well.
With that, Quinn decided to head to his room where he could hear Vorden and Peter practicing together. Peter was trying his best to learn the skill book the military had given him, while Vorden was tutoring him.
When Quinn had entered the room, Vorden and Peter greeted him as usual.
"What took you so long?" Vorden asked," We thought you might have gotten lost."
"No, I just went exploring the city a little" Quinn replied," I'm a bit tired I think I'm going to go bed early."
"Maybe we should call it a day for now as well," Peter said.
With that, the group turned off the lights and went to sleep. All except for one person that is.
Quinn was unable to sleep, his stomach was in a tremendous amount of pain and he had too much on his mind. Eventually though, he finally managed to close his eyes and drift off.
When he woke up the next day though, the pain was worse than ever. His head was ringing and his senses felt like they were on high alert. The first thing Quinn did was open up his system.
<10 hours have passed>
<You hunger grows>
<You have lost -10Hp>
< HP 5/15>
<Your HP will continue to decrease every hour>
This was bad, Quinn finally realized that he had no choice and didn't have time to figure out another way. He needed to drink human blood and he needed to in the next five hours.

 
Chapter 19 Running out of time!
Even though Quinn had lost 2/3 of his HP, it didn't feel like he was hurt or dying. It wasn't like when he was out in the sun when he felt week, instead, it felt like all his senses were on high alert.
"Hey Quinn, are you alright man?" Vorden asked seeing Quinn's face in shock.
"Yeah, I just, got to go somewhere," Quinn said as he rushed out of the room, heading down to the canteen.
Everything that happened so far was a miscalculation on Quinn's part. Although the system had told him he would lose 1 hp every hour, he didn't expect his body to react like this. Originally, he only planned to sleep for five hours as he was too worn out after the fight yesterday.
That way he would still have at least ten hours and a few hours in the morning before classes started. Quinn started to calculate how much time he had left. Breakfast was a requirement which lasted from 8 till 9, then classes went on till 12 midday for lunch.
That meant there were four more hours where he was required to be somewhere in the school. Of course, there was always the option of skipping, but this wasn't like regular school. The army would severely punish you and hunt you down if you did. But what did that matter if he was going to die anyway?
Quinn was currently in the canteen queue to be served some food. He was breathing in deep breaths and in and out slowly, it was helping him get the hang of his heightened senses. He could hear the conversation from the other side of the room.
Pots and pans clanging in the kitchen as if they were next to him. Slowly Quinn was figuring out how to ignore all these and it was making his mind think clearer.
Just then though, Rylee had entered the canteen. He had no markings on his body from the fight yesterday as he had managed to make a full recovery at the medical centre but he was in a terrible mood after what had happened yesterday.
As soon as he saw Quinn, he had found a target to take out all his pent-up frustration on. Rylee walked past all the level ones that were in the queue until he eventually reached the spot were Quinn was standing.
"Hey Pipsqueak, you got a problem if I cut Infront of you?" Rylee asked.
But Quinn was too busy trying to focus the sounds out from his mind.
"Are you ignoring me? Today is not the day to ignore me." Rylee looked at Quinn's wristwatch seeing the number 1 shine bright on it. Immediately bad memories of yesterdays fight had come into his head and how all he wanted to do was kill the person but that would have to wait for now and Quinn would have to do.
"I said don't ignore me?" Rylee said as he grabbed Quinn by the collar.
But in that instant, Rylee's face was incredibly close to Quinn's. Quinn could hear Rylee's heartbeat. He could feel the blood flowing through his arm and muscles lifting his shirt.
Something had taken over Quinn's body and he immediately hit Rylee's arm away and pounced on him causing the two of them to fall to the ground.
Quinn was now on top of Rylee and had both his hands pinned down.
"Get off me you crazy animal!" Rylee said but when Rylee tried to overpower Quinn and lift his hands, it was impossible. Even his Ability was useless in this situation. His ability only hardened his skin, it didn't make him any more powerful.
Then Quinn started to feel something growing in his mouth. Quinn placed his head just a few inches away from Rylee's neck and was ready. Just as Quinn opened his mouth though, he felt someone pull him by the back of his collar and chucked him off Rylee towards the people in the queue.
"Don't touch one of my boys," Dan said.
Dan was a large man for his age with a muscular build. He didn't look like a teenage boy but more like a bald adult.
"Dan, thank you so much," Rylee said as he stood up from the ground sweating." You're dead now boy."
As soon as Dan took one step forward though, Vorden stepped Infront of Quinn with Peter.
"Do you really want to cause a problem," Vorden said lifting his arm to show the power level on his wristwatch.
The truth was, Vorden was only bluffing. Vorden's power very much depended on what ability he copied and right now all he had was Peter's level 1 earth ability. If they were to get into a fight here, there was no contest on who would win.
But Vorden's plan seemed to work as Dan decided to back down and take Rylee with him but before Rylee walked off, he signalled to Quinn imitating someone cutting his head off.
"Oh, thank you, thank you, I can't believe that worked," Peter said knowing Vorden's secret.
After the canteen incident was over, something became clear to Quinn. That teaches wouldn't step in no matter what happened. In the canteen there were many guards standing in each corner of the room but not once did they step in to help.
After the group finished eating it was time for them to go to their morning classes but Quinn was unable to concentrate on anything, all he could do was try to calm himself down while in the middle of class and watch his HP slowly tick away.
It was driving him insane seeing the number go down hour by hour and now wished he had just bitten into Rylee's neck yesterday.
Then when it came to lunchtime, Quinn once again rushed off without Vorden and Peter this time to the library.
\<1/15 HP\>
"What the hell is happening to me?" Quinn said as his hands wouldn't stop shaking.
Each time Quinn's HP would go down, it was getting harder and harder to control his own body and sooner or later he would go crazy. During class, he had multiple visions of tearing the place apart and ripping out the blood from their necks.
Without realising where he was walking to, Quinn eventually ended up in the library. In the quiet corner of the library down one of the isles was the fiction section.
"Please have something I can use," Quinn said as he took out fantasy book after fantasy book about Vampires.
In some of the books, Vampires were able to live off animal blood, But Quinn's system clearly stated he needed human blood. Not just that but it would be hard for him to find an animal in time. In other stories, there were talks of going to the hospital and raiding their supply but the hospital in the city was heavily guarded and he didn't have time for that.
Finally, for the first time, Quinn could feel himself getting weaker. He sat on the floor and read one last book and found nothing of use. When he closed the book, he could see Layla standing there opposite him.
"Are you okay?" Layla asked concerned for Quinn as he was starting to look very pale.
Layla then bent down so she was at eye level with Quinn and placed her hand on his forehead to check his temperature.
"You're so cold? Do you want me to take you to the nurse's office?" Layla asked.
Quinn replied with one word.
"Sorry…"
He said as he pulled Layla's arm bringing her close to him and bit into Layla's neck.

 
Chapter 20 A Problem
As Quinn opened his mouth wide, he could feel the ends of his teeth start to grow, he didn't know what had come over him and it was as if his body had just taken control, his mind wasn't all there.
His teeth quickly sunk into Layla's skin and at the same time, a gush of blood entered Quinn's mouth. However, Layla didn't feel any pain from this but instead, it felt like pleasure. A tingling sensation ran through her body as she felt the blood rush up through and out of her neck.
Even if she wanted to resist, she couldn't, the bite seemed to have a paralysis effect.
Finally, Quinn's hunger was going away.
\<Your hunger has decreased \>
\<Your hunger has decreased \>
\<You will no longer lose HP\>
Even though the messages had appeared, Quinn continued to suck Layla's blood away.
\<HP regenerating\>
\<HP regenerating\>
\<15/15 HP\>
Then when the last message had appeared, Quinn's mind had finally come back to him. He let got of Layla, causing her body to fall to the ground.
"What the?" Quinn said as he looked around himself, only then noticing Layla on the ground.
"Did I do that?"
Then images of what he had just done popped into his head, although at the time he felt like he had no control, in the end, his whole body still working causing him to remember everything he had done.
\<A+ blood type has been absorbed\>
\< You have gained 1+ strength\>
Although Quinn wanted to check what the message had said and what it had it meant, he needed to get Layla out of the library fast. Even though they were in a quiet part of the library, there was no telling when somebody would come back.
Thankfully Quinn could see Layla breathing so he at least knew she wasn't dead but there were two clear bite marks on her neck that needed to be dealt with. Quinn then lifted Layla up with his two hands, finding her surprisingly lighter than he thought.
As Quinn headed to the Doctor's office, he couldn't stop thinking about what had just happened. A part of him thought that the system might have just been playing tricks on him. Even though he could see his HP going down, he never felt like he was going to die at any point.
And Quinn didn't even know if going to 0 HP meant death but after what had happened today, he didn't want to find out.
There were a few things Quinn needed to do. He needed to find out how frequent his body required blood. To do this meant he would have to once again starve his body of blood.
But this time he would get blood beforehand, so he would be better prepared. But before even all that, he had another serious problem in his hands. Layla, would she remember anything when she got up, or would Quinn have to convince her to keep it a secret?
If others were to find out of his rare ability it would start a bidding war between the private companies and military. They would do anything to get their hand on a new type of ability.
Before anyone could find out about Quinn, he needed to be strong enough to protect himself.
While Quinn walked down the hallway, he got quite a few looks from the other students, it wasn't strange to see someone carry an injured person in the school but it was strange for a boy to carry a girl unless they were an item.
Finally, Quinn had reached the infirmary, where there was a single female doctor named Hayley, who looked to be in her early thirties. She wore round glasses and had her hair up in a ponytail. Quinn never got the chance to mess around with girls while he was at school but looking at the doctor, he couldn't help but appreciate her natural beauty.
"Another one?" Hayley said." There's a bed free at the back, take her over there."
Quinn did as he was told and placed Layla gently on one of the single beds in the back. The infirmary was quite large, Quinn had never seen a school have one so big. There was a total of 30 beds but Hayley was the only one working there.
At the moment about half the beds were filled up with students and Quinn couldn't help but notice most of them were low levels. There were the odd high levels as well. Even they got into their own fights and disagreements.
Hayley came over to where Quinn and Layla were and started to examine Layla. She placed her hand around her Wrist and did a few other checks. That's when she noticed the two small hole marks on her neck.
"What happened? Hayley asked.
"I'm not sure, I was in the library when I saw her on the ground like that," Quinn replied.
"I don't know how long she was passed out for but the wound on her neck looks like it's already healing on its own." Hayley said," Still I can't be sure if it will heal and it would be a shame if a pretty girl like her got a scar."
Hayley then placed her hand on Layla's neck where the bite marks were. She closed her eyes and after a few seconds, lifted her hands and the bite marks had vanished.
"Is it okay if I wait here for her?" Quinn asked.
"Oh, young kids these days," Hayley said laughing." I didn't realise you two were like that."
"No, No, no," Quinn said waving his arms." Were just friends that's all."
After Hayley had gone away to look after other students, Quinn decided to open up his system.
\< Strength 11\>
\< Agility 11\>
\<Stamina 10\>
"It really did give me an extra stat point after all?"
After sucking Layla's blood, it seemed like he had gained a stat point. Quinn remembered after defeating opponents the system would give him an additional quest to suck his victim's blood. The reward was a stat point but it seemed like there was no need for him to get a quest.
Was Quinn able to drink anyone's blood and gain stat points, what happened if Quinn was to drink Layla's blood again, would he gain another stat? there were so many questions Quinn wanted answers for.
He looked at Layla lying there peacefully. Right now, he was in complete control of his body and there was no urge for him to suck on Layla's neck again. After checking his teeth, he realised that they had gone back to normal.
That's when Quinn decided to look around the room, until he finally found what he was looking for, a syringe with a needle. Quinn looked around the room and saw that Hayley was busy dealing with another student. He carefully took the syringe and hid it behind his back and then quickly scooted over to where Layla was once more.
"I'm really sorry about this Layla." Quinn said," But you're going to have to be my guinea pig."
Quinn took out the syringe and carefully looked at where Layla's veins were. Luckily Layla was quite pale making her veins more visible.
Quinn searched carefully for the right spot and was ready but just as Quinn was about to extract some blood, he heard someone crash into the room.
"Is Quinn here." A boy's voice said.
"Isn't that Peter?" Quinn immediately put the syringe in one of his trouser pockets and went to see what was happening.
"Quinn you're here, come quick, I've been looking everywhere for you. It's Vorden, he's in trouble!"

 
Chapter 21 I'm a monster
Although Quinn had no idea what was happening, just from looking at Peter's face he could tell it was serious. Quinn then looked behind to see Layla lying there still sleeping away.
It was important for Quinn to be there when Layla woke up. He had to convince her to not tell anyone her secret but right now it seemed like Vorden was in trouble.
Quinn then thought back to the incident at the canteen. When Quinn was in trouble Vorden stepped up to help him.
Although there probably wasn't much Quinn could do to help, he wouldn't know if he didn't try.
What kind of person would he be if he couldn't help Vorden now?
"Alright come on," Quinn said." Let's hurry."
The two of them quickly ran through the hallways until they had finally reached the assembly hall. It was currently a large empty hall with marble flooring and a stage at the front. It hadn't been used for anything yet so far but it was the area where the students would be called if they were to have a meeting.
When the two of them entered the assembly hall, there were already multiple students there mumbling about a commotion.
"Did you see what happened\>"
"Yeah, that guy is a monster how could he do that?"
"Luckily the second-year students were here to stop him."
The assembly hall was complete trashed. Craters and rubble had formed on parts of the walls and ground. Burn marks and other things were there as well and there was even blood. Something Quinn could smell the second he had entered the room.
"What happened here?" Quinn asked," Where's Vorden?"
Clearly, a fight had taken place here and Quinn feared the worst.
"I don't know," Peter replied." Me and Vorden were busy messing around practising my earth ability together, that's when a bunch of second years I'd never seen before came up to us asking for Vorden. Vorden told me not to worry but of course, I worried so I followed them. That's when I saw them take him to the assembly hall but two of the students stood guard and wouldn't let me come inside. I didn't know what to do, so that's when I came looking for you."
Quinn and Peter then went around asking the students what happened but when they did, the students seemed to avoid the question or completely ignore them, as if they were told not to tell anyone what they had seen.
While Peter continued to ask the students that were still in the hall about what happened. Quinn already knew that they wouldn't give him any more answers so he started to do some inspecting of his own.
The smell of iron in the room was thicker than anything else to Quinn and it led him to an area where dried up could be seen on the floor.
"Inspect."
Name: Vorden Blade
Race: Human
Blood type: O-
Quinn started to inspect the battle scene and found more traces of blood but when he used the inspect skill on them, it wouldn't show him any information at all. It would only show \<?????\>
"Do I have to use the inspect skill on them in person?" Quinn thought.
It was a shame the blood on the floor had already dried up, otherwise, Quinn would have used the syringe he had on hand.
Just then, Peter had finished questioning everyone and returned to Quinn.
"It doesn't;t look like anyone wants to talk," Peter said.
"Figures, let's just head back to our dorm, who knows he might have returned."
The two of them then headed back to the Dorm room together and when they entered, they were surprised to actually see Vorden already there. However, something wasn't right, Vorden wasn't his regular self.
Just by looking at him Quinn and Peter could tell he had been in a ruff fight. Bruises and scuff marks everywhere, Large cuts on his back. He looked like he had been in a tough battle. Not only that but Vorden didn't even great them when the two entered.
The Vorden they had come to know, was not the same Vorden right now. Vorden just stayed there lying down on his bed.
"Vorden, what happened is everything all right?" Peter asked.
"Yeah, just leave me be I'll be fine," Vorden said." If you stay near me you will just get hurt anyway."
"What are you talking about Vorden!" Peter shouted." Look at you, you have to go to the doctor's office, come on let's go."
"Just leave me alone please," Vorden said quietly.
"Quinn, come on say something he needs to go to the doctor's office right…" But as Peter turned around to seek support from Quinn. Quinn was nowhere to be seen.
"Even he thinks I'm a monster," Vorden mumbled to himself.
Just outside the dorm room. Quinn was leaning up against door panting hard and sweating. Although he had no reaction when looking at people anymore, it was different when he saw Vorden. Vorden still had fresh cut marks all over his body and the smell coming off him was strong.
Suddenly Quinn felt like he had a craving for a little bit of blood. It was something he could control, it wasn't like last time where his body had taken over but it had brought back bad memories for him and he was a little afraid of what might have happened.
"I really need to find out what's going on with this strange system ability I have?"
Then a thought came into his head, there was a pending problem that he still hadn't dealt with. Although Vorden was acting strange right now, Quinn knew he was safe. Whatever problems Vorden where dealing with now, would just have to wait.
Every second wasted meant there was a chance for Layla to wake up and who knew what would happen when she did.
****
Just then at the same time in the doctor's office, in the corner, at the back of the room, Layla slowly started to open her eyes.
"Huh, what happened?" Layla said," Where am I?"
As Layla looked around the room, she started to rub her neck and at the same time images had flashed through her head of what had happened at the library.
She remembered everything.

 
Chapter 22 Layla's Reques
When images of what had happened to Layla started flashing through her head, she immediately started to get this tingling feeling over her body. She was reacting to the memories of Quinn biting into her.
It wasn't a painful memory but quite an addictive feeling. The sensation of the blood rushing through her body. Her face was starting to turn a little red just thinking about it. That's when she lifted her hand and placed it on her neck.
"Huh, I can't feel anything?"
"Oh, so you're awake," Haley said with a smile." You were sleeping so peacefully there I didn't know when you were going to wake up."
"How did I get here?" Layla asked.
"Oh a boy came in and dropped you off, he said he was your friend, I can't remember his name but he had short black curly hair," Hayley said with a smile thinking about the tow of them.
This confirmed Layla's thought. Quinn must have brought her here right after biting her.
Hayley then noticed that Layla was rubbing the side of her neck with her hand.
"Oh, I got rid of those two marks for you, do you remember what happened."
Once again as she thought back to the memory of Quinn biting her, she started to get goose bumps all over her body.
"I'm not sure maybe it was a beast?" Layla replied
"A beast?"
"Yeah, I here sometimes a stray can come out with the students while they're training through the portals," Layla said nervously hoping that Hayley would believe her lie.
"Well whatever it was, I'm sure someone else will deal with it, it's just a good thing your safe now."
****
Quinn was running through the school halls as fast as he could, he needed to make it to the doctor's office before Layla woke up. He had no idea how Layla would react, not only that but what were the consequences of biting someone?
If it was like some of the Vampire Novels Quinn had read in the library, some vampires had the ability to turn others. Right now, Quinn thought that might be a better situation than everyone finding out about his ability.
Finally, Quinn had reached the doctor's office and he pulled the door wide open.
"Oh hello again," Hayley said." If you're looking for the girl you just missed her, she left a little while ago."
"Really? Did she happen to say anything?" Quinn asked, judging by Haley's reaction it didn't seem like Layla had said anything but he needed to make sure.
"Oh you mean about the wound, she said that a beast might have attacked her, although I highly doubt that, it looked more like snake bite but how did it manage to get into the school and all the way up her neck." Hayley continued to ramble on. She often did this as she was left on her own a lot of the times being the only doctor stationed at the school. It was a lonely Job.
"Thanks for letting me know," Quinn said as he closed the door.
Why did Layla decide to keep it a secret Quinn thought? He had basically assaulted the poor girl, good it be that she didn't remember what happened or maybe she was planning to use at blackmail against him but that didn't make sense, she had nothing to gain.
Quinn had always thought like this, people when they did something, always did it for selfish reasons, that's just the way people were. He couldn't believe that Layla would keep this a secret for no reason.
Just then while Quinn was outside the doctor's office thinking of what to do next. He felt a hand on his shoulder.
"You and me, we need to talk," Layla said.
Had she been waiting here this whole time, this was bad. Layla clearly indicated that she knew something which meant losing her memory of the events where unlikely.
The two of them then headed to the library where then incident took place. Quinn felt a bit more relaxed, taking him here meant she wasn't looking for a fight as there were other students in the room.
The two of them sat at a table and activated the Orb so only the two of them could be heard. As they looked into each other's eyes for a bit, Quinn started to run multiple scenarios through his head. If worst came to worst, he might have to silence her.
"What happened at the library, what did you do?" Layla asked rubbing her neck.
"Why bother asking if you already know what happened?" Quinn said." Just tell me what you want?"
"I don't know if you know this but I kept an eye on you for longer than you think, after observing you for a while a came to a conclusion. You're a Vampire, aren't you?"
Quinn started to laugh nervously hoping to throw Layla of track. He was actually amazed by how she had come to the conclusion so fast when it even took him a while. Even if she did see everything, he had done so far he didn't think this was the natural conclusion someone would come to.
"And why would you think that?"
"I saw you lifting, that boy's neck, at the time I thought you doing something else cause I couldn't see clearly," Layla said as her ears started to heat up a little." But after what you had done to me, it confirms it."
Quinn started to sweat slightly at the integration. He wasn't worried about Layla herself but the troubles she could bring him in the future. Quinn didn't know what to say and thought he would wait for Layla to make her demand.
Layla then took a deep breath before saying her next words. This is what Quinn was waiting for, her request.
"I want you to hear me out. I want you to make me a Vampire."
Quinn was so shocked by the words that had come out of Layla's mouth that he nearly fell out of his seat.
"What, do you realise what you are saying right now?"
"Please," Layla said as if she was begging him." It's a childhood dream of mine, this type of things only happens in books or fairy tales and now I have the chance for it to happen right now." She said with her eyes lit up.
Now Quinn realised why Layla didn't tell anyone, simply put this girl was crazy.

 
Chapter 23 An asisstan
Layla had grown up her whole life reading fantasy stories and comics about all sorts of things. Before the whole war started, her father used to work as a writer, so her home was filled with books and stories and her favourite ones were always about vampires.
She loved everything about them, how they had to keep their identity secret to the world, the super-strength they had, the super speed and the fact that they could live on nearly forever.
When Abilities were realised to the world, it made fantasy stories a thing of the past. Many people read stories because they were that, fantasy. It allowed them to imagine doing something that they could never do but now that humans actually had special powers, what was the point?
However, the love for Vampires never died down for Layla, it only grew. If abilities exited then that meant somewhere out their maybe vampires did too. When she saw Quinn's actions, she had already convinced herself that he was a vampire.
Quinn was right when he thought a normal person wouldn't have come to the same conclusion but that's was because Layla wasn't a normal person.
Layla then suddenly got out of her seat and started to bow down to Quinn on her knees. The students in the room although couldn't hear their conversation, couldn't help but look at them.
"Please, I'll do anything for you," Layla said.
"Alright, I understand please get up," Quinn said.
The two of them sat down at their seats again, before Quinn started to speak, he let out a big sigh, thinking about how he was going to explain this to her.
"It's not what you think," Quinn said," I'm not a vampire, I became like this from an Ability book."
Suddenly the smile on Layal's face disappeared.
"You know what that means right?" Quinn asked.
Layla nodded. Quinn was basically telling her it was impossible for him to give her this ability. The reason was a human body could only activate one ability. When learning an ability, it mutated the genes inside of your body but once your genes had been mutated, they could no longer change or add a second mutation.
Because Layla already had the ability of telekinesis, it meant Layla was unable to learn a second ability.
"Then why did you hide this from the academy, why did you tell them you had no ability. If you got this from an ability book you can't be an original?"
"Have you ever heard of an ability like this?" Quinn asked.
Layla thought about for a while and realised there was nothing quite like it. There was never a record of an ability requiring someone to drink blood.
"But if you told the school you got it from an ability book, one that's not even been registered and you aren't an original, you could make a fortune selling the book!" Layla said excitedly.
"I wish that was true but I can't do that either," Quinn explained." When I learnt the ability the book simply vanished."
Layla was debating whether Quinn was telling the truth or not but she had no choice but to believe him. It was the only explanation of why Quinn was so adamant in hiding his ability. Ability books didn't just vanish they were books. They could be passed on for others to learn.
If people found out about this, multiple companies and the military would put immense pressure on Quinn to share the ability with the world and with no powerful family backing him, Layla couldn't imagine what would be done to him.
They would never believe him if he said he got it from an ability book and it disappeared.
Quinn then proceeded to tell Layla about everything that had happened so far. About how his ability was a game, like a system and it had given him strange quests and he could unlock skills. It was nothing like the Vampire stories Layla used to read but at the same time, it seemed like the system was applying similar rules.
"Fine, I will keep this as a secret but only on one condition. I want you to help you out." Layla said." Clearly you don't know much about this thing, so much so that you had gone out of control and bit me in the neck. We can't have you going around school biting people. They'll take you away in a heartbeat. If you need to feast on someone, then feast on me." Layla said placing her hand on herself.
Quinn started to think about the situation, having Layla as a helper was a big advantage. Quinn himself wanted to test multiple things about the system and here he had someone offering to help for free.
And it truly felt like Layla was telling the truth. Not only that but Layla seemed to be more knowledgeable about vampires then himself. Perhaps she would even be able to help him in his research.
"It's a deal," Quinn said as the two of them shook hands.
Layla was happy that Quinn had accepted. The truth was Layla still hadn't given up the idea of being a Vampire. Unlike Quinn, Layla wasn't too sure that what Quinn had was an ability in the first place. An ability was usually a specific set of skills but Quinn had completely changed as if he was no longer human.
"Alright, the first thing is first, you going to need to take some of my blood." Layla said," That way if you're getting hungry again, you can drink some of that.
Layla then pulled down her shirt slightly and started to show her neck towards Quinn.
"What are you thinking, we can't do it here in front of the library and I'm not just going to bite into your neck."
As the two continued to talk and chat about things in the library about what to do next.
Vorden had entered the library and could see Quinn talking to Layla, both chatting and smiling away.
"So you've forgotten about me that quickly huh," Vorden said," You're just like the rest of them, I'll show you what it means to betray me Quinn. If people are going to call me a monster, then I might as well embrace it and become one."

 
Chapter 24 A School secre
Peter was currently running around the school looking for Quinn or Vorden. For some reason, both of his new friends had suddenly started acting very strange and Peter didn't know what to do about it. His life at his previous school had been hell and he did everything he could to serve those above him.
And for the first time ever he had made friends that protected him. Quinn, even though he was a low level himself had stood up for Peter and Vorden who had not only protected him but helped him learn his new ability. Something had happened to Vorden and suddenly he was acting strange.
Although Peter had no clue what was going on with Quinn, he had some idea about what had changed Vorden. It was after whatever had happened at the assembly hall with the second-year students. But no matter who he would talk to about it, not one person would give him an answer. Some even begin to threaten him.
That's when Peter could hear a familiar voice. While walking down the hallway Peter could hear someone speaking, a voice he recognised. As he turned the corner, he saw that is was indeed Vorden. Vorden stood there staring idly at the ground. Peter quickly hid back around the hallway corner.
So far whenever Peter had spotted Vorden, he would just ignore him and walk away without even speaking to him but now it sounded like Vorden was speaking to someone else.
"Would you two calm down," Vorden said.
There was then a brief pause before Vorden spoke again.
"I don't care if he hurt the little one's feelings, it's not like Quinn isn't allowed to talk to other people."
Again, there was a slight pause.
"Look if you get involved and hurt them, I won't forgive you. I won't let something like last time happen again."
The whole time Peter was listening in to the conversation the only voice he could hear was Vorden's but it was clear that he was speaking to someone. Peter couldn't take it anymore and decided to take a peak and as he did still the only person he could see was Vorden.
"Did the other person leave already?" Peter thought.
Just then he saw Vorden start to walk off. The bell had rung indicating that it was the end of their lunch break and it was time to head to afternoon classes. That's when the library doors opened and Quinn and Layla appeared out walking together.
"Quinn!" Peter said as he waved him over.
"I'll meet you at the front gate tonight once classes are over," Quinn said to Layla before leaving to join Peter.
The two of them then started to walk off to class together.
"Hey, are you okay man?" Peter asked." I was worried about you when you suddenly bolted out of the room like that."
"Yeah sorry man, I couldn't hold it in any longer otherwise my underwear would have turned brown."
"Woah, whoa too much information," Peter said." Anyway, I'm glad you're okay, look I'm really worried about Vorden. Ever since he came back from that assembly hall, he's been acting strange."
Quinn placed his hand on Peter seeing that he was clearly startled. This whole time Quinn had more important things to worry about but now that he had solved the most pressing matter, he had time to focus on other things.
"Don't worry, we'll find out what's going on together."
When they entered their next class, they could see that Vorden was already in his seat sat down, ready even before them.
"Oh hey guys, how you doing?" Vorden said with a smile.
Peter went to sit in his seat to the right of Vorden while Quinn went to sit in his seat to the left of Vorden.
"Hey, are you feeling better?" Peter asked," Earlier it seemed like you were kinda sulking."
"Yeah don't worry, I just got kinda thrown around a bit by the second years and it got me pretty down," Vorden replied.
"What happened at the assembly hall?" Quinn asked.
Then Vorden's face slightly changed, it was as if he was trying to hold something back. Vorden clenched his fist for a few seconds and finally relaxed his hand.
"Guy's don't worry about it too much, you know I'm strong and know I can handle myself."
All though Peter was quite satisfied now with Vorden, as he seemed to be his regular self, Quinn noticed that Vorden seemed to be holding something back, all most suppressing something when he asked that question.
As other students started to enter the classroom when they saw Vorden they immediately started to whisper. If Vorden would look back at them they would turn their head as soon as possible.
As the students sat down the talks continued and several different words could be heard. Monster, Freak, weirdo, crazy, and all these words were being aimed at Vorden. It was as if the whole school was sharing a secret that Peter and Quinn weren't allowed to know and not even Vorden himself would say what had happened.
After hearing these words Quinn noticed that Vorden stayed their motionless with his head down, he hadn't even written any notes down in his notebook about the lesson.
Although it seemed like no one would tell him or Peter what had happened, Quinn now had another ally that might be able to help him and that was Layla.
At the end of class, the teacher Dell projected a screen in front of the whole class. There was a list of names each sorted into a different category.
"Please look at this carefully and see where your name is, as tomorrow will be the start fo your combat classes," Del explained.
The list was split up into several different categories each one was different depending on what type of ability you had. Elemental abilities, Transformation abilities, Enhancement abilities, and so on.
That's when Quinn also noticed that his and a few other names were not on the list including Vorden's.
"If your name is not on the list it's because either your Ability doesn't fall into one of the categories or you are an original with a unique ability. You are free to choose to go to whichever class you believe suits you. Students are also able to switch between combat classes if they wish. These are not set in stone but the schools recommendation based on your ability."
The list of available classes was then sent to each student's wristwatch where they were to register for the type of class, they would be interested In.
"I wonder what combat class would be best for me?" Quinn thought as he looked at the long list.

 
Chapter 25 Testing Blood
After classes had finished for the Day, Vorden had offered to help Peter with his training again. Especially since tomorrow the two of them would be in the same combat classes, the elemental class.
"Hey, do you want to come with us?" Peter asked.
"Nah, I won't bother you guys, I wouldn't be much help anyway," Quinn replied.
Peter was pleased that it seemed like the group had gotten back normal again. There was no tension between the three of them and Peter whished it would stay that way forever.
Just then when Quinn had left, Vorden and Peter were left in the room, that's when Vorden asked Peter a question.
"Hey, have you seen Quinn hanging around with a girl lately?" Vorden asked.
"Come to think of it, I saw him exit with a girl at the library. It was the same one who was at the test with us that day, with the bow and arrow."
After Peter had given an answer, for a split-second, Peter felt like he saw the expression on Vorden's face change. But Quinn blinked and looked again and Vorden seemed to be fine.
"Maybe he's gone and got himself a little girlfriend." Said Vorden laughing.
****
Quinn had, of course, decided to ditch the other two because he had already made plans to meet up with Layla beforehand. The two of them were to meet at the school gate. But before the two of them were to meet, Quinn decided to stop by the science lab.
Although most lessons in military school were about combat or how to use technology, science was still a core subject. It was because of scientist that the human race had discovered how to use all the different technologies they had in the world today.
So students were encouraged to continue to learn science throughout their service time, in hopes they would continue to in the future.
The classrooms where empty for the day and the important equipment were locked in a storage room.
But Quinn wasn't looking for anything too fancy, all he needed was some test tubes and small corks. After searching around the room for a while he found where they kept the test tubes. He took a total of five test tubes
Even though there were many there, if he took too much it would be suspicious and Quinn couldn't carry more than five without having to worry about them breaking or not.
Quinn shoved the five test tubes into a messenger bag he was carrying and wrapped them up in a spare shirt he took from his room.
Quinn currently had a total of 60/200 Exp until his next level up. 50 experience points had carried over from the last quest and he had received ten exp from his two daily quests.
So far with each level up, he would gain one additional stat point and five points of HP. Although Quinn had gotten stronger through this. It wasn't the fastest way for him to improve his strength.
Quinn realised the system had offered him the chance to gain an additional stat point two times as long as he drank his victim's blood but when he drank Layla's blood, he still gained a stat point. This was what Quinn wanted to test out today.
It was 6 o'clock in the evening and the sun was just starting to set, meaning Quinn wasn't affected by the sun right now. As planned Layla was standing there waiting for him by the gate with her bow on her back.
Students who used weapons would carry it with them around most of the time. There was always the chance of an attack or a beast escaping through a portal.
After the two of them met, they decided to walk to the nearby park that was in between the convenience store and the school. Then they ventured away from the trail into the woods where they were behind cover. No one ventured in these parts and it was hard for them to be seen.
"So are we going to this?" Layla asked excitedly.
Quinn still found it weird that rather than being scared by the whole situation, Layla was exited.
"Alright close your eyes." Said Quinn.
Layla closed her eyes and was ready. She could still remember the satisfying feeling from the last time and couldn't wait to feel it again. Although she was a bit nervous when a thought came to her head that Quinn's lips would be on her neck.
Suddenly though, Layla felt a small prick in her arm.
Layla opened her eyes and noticed that a needle was there.
"What? You didn't think I was just going to bite you, did you?"
Layla's cheeks suddenly went bright red. If it wasn't for the needle in her hand, she would have tried kicking Quinn away.
Once the syringe had been filled up, Quinn squirted it out into one of the test tubes he brought with him.
"Is it okay if I fill another one," Quinn asked.
Layla didn't say anything and held out her arm, she was still a bit embarrassed about what had happened earlier.
Once Quinn had filled up two test tubes, he put one of the blood-filled tubes in his bag while holding the other.
"Inspect."
\< Blood of Layla Munrow\>
\< Blood type A + \>
Quinn then looked at Layla and used his inspect Skill once again.
\<Name: Layla Munrow \>
\< Race: Human \>
\< Ability: Telekinesis \>
\< HP 12/12\>
\< Blood Type A + \>
It was as Quinn thought. When using the inspect skill on the blood it only showed him what blood type it was and who it was from. Just like the time at the assembly hall. But if the person was in front of him, it would reveal their ability, HP and Blood type.
Some of the blood marks in the hall only reviled question marks. Assuming that Quinn either had to have run into the person before or used the inspect skill on the person once before.
Quinn looked at the test tube and gulped. He then pulled out the cork at the top and start sniffing the blood.
"You're not going to drink it right here are you?" Layla asked.
"Why not, I need to know if it will make any changes."
"I don't know it feels kind of embarrassing, I can't explain."
Quinn ignored Layla and looked at the blood again. The fragrance smelt quite sweet which was different from how he remembered it before. Then suddenly, Quinn lifted the tube and drank the blood in one gulp as if he was taking an alcoholic shot.
As the blood ran down his throat, he felt a warm tingling sensation through his body. The blood was also surprisingly sweet rather than metallic. It seemed like the race change had also changed his taste buds and sense of smell.
\< Your HP is already full \>
\< The blood will have no effect \>
\< Blood from this person has already been consumed \>
\< No stat points will be given \>
Quinn was surprised to see at the information he had been given. The blood last time seemed to have a healing effect on his body. Judging by the message, if Quinn was injured Layla's blood would allow him to regain HP.
But the second message is what interested him more. The system stated because he had already consumed this blood before, that no stats would be given. This meant that as long as it was the blood of someone he hadn't drunk before, he would be able to get an extra stat point.
Quin smiled at the thought. Of course, this was only a theory of his but Quinn wanted to test it out straight away.
"I guess whatever you wanted to test outworked, judging by your creepy smile and all," Layla said.
"If only there was someone else's blood I could test this on."
Just then the sound of two people entering the woods from the playground was heard. Quinn and Layla immediately ducked down and hid behind a tree.
That's when they saw two students started to walk into the forest.
"Now hand over your credits, otherwise I'll dig you your grave right here and no one will ever find your body." A boy's voice said.
Quinn immediately recognised the voice. It was Rylee. It looked like he still hadn't learnt his lesson and was still up to his old tricks.
Quinn then went into his bag and took out the mask he had bought at the convenience store. Last time he had let Rylee go without taking any of his blood and now he felt like it was such a waste. But this time Quinn wouldn't let Rylee go.

 
Chapter 26 Blood Types
As Quinn put on his mask, he moved in closer to where Rylee and the student was. Making sure to move in and out between the trees.
"Hey, do you want a beating, pass over the credits now!" Rylee said holding up the student against the tree.
"But I only get ten credits a day, their mine, this isn't fair."
"Since when has this world ever been fair. Blame the people at the top for not looking out for us." Rylee said.
As Quinn herd those words, he realized that Rylee was in the same position as him. He was only a level two user and was just part of the weak bunch being pushed around by those above but that didn't mean he could do it to others.
That would fix nothing.
Layla followed Quinn closely and had taken out her bow and arrow. She knew from last time if Quinn had put on the mask, he was going to act.
"Do you want me to help out, it will be easier with the two of us," Layla asked.
"It's okay there's something I wanted to test out," Quinn said.
The last time the two of them had fought, Quinn was only a level 1. Now he was a level 2 and he had also obtained a new skill which he wanted to test and Rylee was a great test subject.
Quinn started to move closer and closer. He was hoping to finish of Rylee in one shot and this was the perfect chance while his back was turned. Finally, Quinn was just about in striking distance that's when the student held up against the tree spotted Quinn.
"Please help me!" The student cried.
"You idiot!" Quinn shouted as he leapt forward hoping he could be quick enough to hit Rylee before he could activate his ability.
The students warning had given Rylee enough time to activate his ability and turn around. However, Quinn's fist was fast and even though Rylee put out his hands to stop the attack, Quinn's fist still manged to hit Rylee in the stomach.
The impact was just like last time, it was solid and felt like he was punching a wall but the blow managed to still hurt Rylee a bit. The attack was slighter stronger and this time Quinn's fist hadn't broken.
"You, I've been waiting for you," Rylee said as he put two fingers in his mouth and whistled.
Just then two students came running in from the park and into the forest.
"You think you can take on three of us?" Rylee said.
Quinn looked at the two students running towards them and that's when an arrow came flying from the words and hit one of them in the knee causing the student to instantly fall to the ground.
The other students went down to his friend.
"What happened?" the students said. Then he noticed an arrow in the student's leg." Where did this come from?"
Quinn saw this as an opportunity and dashed away from Rylee and started heading towards the other student.
"The skill said five meters right, well show me what you got!"
As soon as Quinn was within five meters, he activated his skill blood swipe at the same time swinging his hand across. A red line of power came surging out of Quinn's fingertips and hit the student right on his chest causing a claw-like mark but it wasn't enough to knock him out.
"Blood swipe, Blood swipe, Blood swipe."
Quinn then cast three more blood swipes swinging his arm out. Each blow managed to hit the student dead on, with multiple marks across his chest, he had finally collapsed to the floor.
\<HP 11/15\>
\< An opponent has been defeated, 50 exp granted \>
\< 110/200 exp \>
Blood swipe had no cooldown but did use one point of HP per swipe. As long as Quinn had HP he could continuously cast out his blood swipe skill.
Rylee seeing his two teammates who were of equal power level to himself be defeated in an instant, started to feel scared. His body was shaking and all he wanted to do was get out of there. He turned away from his friends and started running deeper into the forest.
Quinn's speed was greater though and was easily able to catch up. When his attack was in range, Quinn cast two more blood swipes aiming for the back of Rylee's ankles. As they hit, Rylee fell to the ground.
"Please, please don't hurt me I'll do anything!" Rylee begged.
"Oh really," Quinn then placed his watch up against Rylee's" hand over all your credits."
"but if I do, I won't have enough credits for Dan, he'll kill me," Rylee said.
"Is now really the time to worry about Dan?" Quinn asked.
Rylee quickly transferred over 50 credits that he had obtained that day over to Quinn.
"So will you let me go now?" Rylee asked.
Quinn smiled at Rylee, although, Rylee couldn't tell due to the mask he was wearing.
"No!" Quinn said, he then went up behind Rylee and held him in a chocking position. Rylee tried activating his hardening skill but Quinn's strength was still strong enough to get through and eventually caused Rylee to pass out.
"That's for pushing me around in the canteen."
Quinn then looked at Rylee's body and noticed that his ankles were bleeding from where he had used the blood swipe skill. Quinn then went to his bag to pull out a test tube and held Rylee's leg up allowing the blood to slowly drip into the test tube, until it filled up. Quinn also filled up a second tube for testing later on.
Next were the other two students. Layla had dealt with the other when she hit with her arrow earlier and the other student had passed out from the multiple attacks of blood swipe.
Quinn then did the same for with the other two students collecting blood from their open wounds and from where Layla's arrow had managed to pierce the student's leg.
After they had finished collecting the blood, it was time for them to get out of there and leave the scene. It was getting late and it was almost curfew time. If the students were out past ten then the guards would go out looking for you. It seemed like not only did the watches act as a credit device and power level indicator but it was a tracker as well.
Students who were found injured outside the school would be taken to the doctor's office. When the two of them arrived at school it was still 9 o'clock, so they had an hour before they needed to head to their dorm rooms.
That's when the two of them had decided to head to the school roof instead. It was quiet up there, and no one was around so the two of them could talk freely.
"So what do you need all the blood for?" Layla asked," you know if you need some blood you can just take some of mine anytime, I really don't mind."
"Thanks, but I just wanted to test something out."
"Inspect," Quinn had used his inspect skill on each of the containers.
The first was Rylee's blood.
\< Blood type B+ \>
"Here goes," Quinn said as he popped the cork open and drank the small tube of blood.
\< You have regained 5 points of HP \>
\< 14/15 HP \>
\< B+ Blood type has been absorbed \>
\< + 1 point of Agility has been added \>
Quinn couldn't stop smiling as he saw the message. He then went on to drink the second tube of blood. Drinking the blood no longer bothered him once he found out the taste was quite sweet. All Quinn needed to do was convince himself it was some type of juice.
\< You have regained 1 point of HP \>
\< HP 15/15 \>
\< This person blood has been consumed before, no extra stats will be given\>
As Quinn thought, the blood still regained his health, similar to how a potion worked in a game but once a person's blood had been consumed, it would no longer give him any stat points.
Quinn then drank the two other test tubes from the other students.
\< Blood type A- has been absorbed \>
\< + 1 strength point has been added \>
\< Blood type Ab + has been absorbed \>
\< + 1 Stamina point has been added \>
Quinn looked at messages he received and started to notice a pattern. When he drank Layla's blood which was A+ he had gained a strength point, it was the same when he drank the A - blood. Rylee whose blood type was B+ had given him an agility point and lastly, AB + had given him a stamina point.
Assuming being positive or negative blood type didn't matter so far. A type had given him strength, B gave him Agility and AB stamina. That left one blood group that Quinn hadn't drunk from yet which was O.
Quinn couldn't help but wonder what would happen if he drank the O type.

 
Chapter 27 Soul Weapon
After absorbing all the blood tubes apart from the spare one that contained Layla's blood, Quinn was feeling stronger than ever.
\< Name: Quinn Talen\>
\< Race: Half-Ling \>
\<HP 15/15\>
\< 110/200 \>
\< Strength 12 \>
\< Agility 12 \>
\< Stamina 11 \>
If Quinn's body before was that of a top athlete in the past, then Quinn now surpassed the capabilities of regular human power. But he was still weak compared to those with an ability. Lucky for Quinn, it seemed like Rylee and the other two students weren't very good fighters.
In Quinn's old school, he would get into fights all the time regardless of what ability they had. He saw how the others got bullied more than him, while the bullying for him lessened because they knew he was a target that would bite back.
But because of this, Quinn managed to get a good grasp on how people fought and a good grasp on different abilities. If Quinn was to face a level two user who was good with their ability like Layla, at this point it was still most likely he would lose.
What Quinn needed more than ever was more skills he could use. Blood swipe was great but it only had a distance of five meters and it took away his health. With other abilities, you would be able to obtain new skills by purchasing books or being taught by someone who already knew the skill.
Quinn didn't have this option as there was no one who he knew that had the same ability as him and that, of course, meant there were no skill books either.
Before Layla and Quinn split ways to head back to their dorm rooms, Quinn had one last request.
"Do you know about what happened to Vorden?" Quinn asked.
"Oh your blonde friend," Layla replied," Honestly I don't know too much cause when everything happened I was stuck in the hospital bed because of someone." Layla pointed at Quinn.
Quinn laughed nervously.
"Well, do you mind finding out for me, it seems like the second years are behind this and are stopping me and Peter from getting any information."
"The second years are involved in this? Well, that's not good you're not planning to get involved, are you?" Layla asked concerned.
Quinn thought back to when the second years had called Quinn, Peter and Vorden out. That Momo person had warned them not to disturb the system within the school.
Quinn wanted to punch his face in but at the time he couldn't. But now with this ability, he could grow stronger, without the need of help or relying on others and he couldn't wait for the day he could punch that Momo's smug face in.
"Yeah but I need to get stronger of course"
There was one big difference between the second years and first years and that was something called awakening. The second years had learnt how to awaken their ability. This allowed the user regardless of the power level to get a power boost for a short period of time.
Once a user had awakened, they then also could form something called their soul weapon. A powerful weapon unique to each user that was formed in the body itself. This was different from a beast weapon as a beast weapon could be used by anyone.
After finishing everything he needed to do with Layla, the two of them split up and Quinn said he would contact Layla via his watch when he needed her.
Quinn also kept the test tube containing Layla's blood on him. What he needed to do now was figure out how long his body could go without needing blood. If Quinn was to go out on a mission or through a portal to another planet. There might be times where Quinn wouldn't be able to contact someone for a while.
In these situations, he needed to know how many Test tubes of blood to take with him. So, for now, Quinn would do his best to avoid blood until the system message appeared again. If he fought anyone along the way he could keep their blood for after. He didn't want to waste any precious stat points after all.
Quinn headed back to his dorm room where Vorden and Peter where still practising their Earth abilities.
"I did it, I finally did it!" Peter shouted.
Peter held a small round solid lump of mud in his hand. As he moved his hands, he was able to change the shape of the mud. He turned it from a ball into a long staff. Then back into a ball again.
"The only problem is as a level one user, you will need to keep some type of mud on you at all times," Vorden explained." Perhaps it's best you keep it as a round staff and carry it around with you, then you will always have something to take with you."
Vorden then grabbed the mud and started to demonstrate, He did the same thing as Peter and started to change the Mudball into different shapes. But the difference between speeds was noticeable. While Peter took a long time to form the shape he wanted. Vorden was changing the mud in seconds.
"Wow is this cause you're a level five user Vorden?" Peter asked.
"No this is something you should be able to do as well, it just takes practise. When I copy someone's ability, I also copy whatever power level it is at. So everything I can do with this mud you should be able to as well."
Vorden then turned the Mudball into a sharp dagger and placed it up against Peter's neck.
"See, not so useless after all."
Peter gulped as he looked down at the sword but then realised that Vorden had already changed the balls shape into a harmless stick and handed it back to Peter.
"Oh, Quinn your back," Vorden said smiling." Did you have fun?"
"Yeah, a little bit," Quinn said.
"Vorden here said you got a girlfriend." Peter quickly added.
"What!?" Quinn said.
"You know that girl that was with us at the testing that time."
"Oh her, no we're just…" Quinn started to think about what his relationship with Layla was. He wouldn't exactly call them friends and they defiantly weren't lovers. Layla did almost everything Quinn asked without answers. It was almost a master and servant relationship but If Quinn said that they would defiantly get the wrong idea.
"Were just acquaintances, I was talking about how she got to use her weapon and discussing what classes to take since I won't be going to the elemental class with you two."
"Oh, so you finally decided then?" Peter asked.
"Yeah, I'm going to join the beast weapons class."

 
Chapter 28 Weapons hall
When the next morning had arrived, Quinn made sure to pack some things with him in his bag. He put in the blood tube that contained Layla's blood. The four remaining empty tubes and also the mask that he had bought at the convenience store.
He never knew when a situation would come up when he had to use these things, so it was better to be prepared than unprepared. The three boys headed down for breakfast as a group as usual and like always people would give Quinn, Vorden and Peter looks.
Vorden decided to split form Quinn and Peter and sat on his own on the higher power level tables. But even then, no one seemed to be sitting next to Vorden. It was clear for some reason the second-year students where making Vorden a target, even though he was no longer hanging out with Quinn and Peter.
"Do me a favour will you?" Quinn asked," Keep an eye on Vorden while you're in your combat classes today. If anything happens let me know."
"But if something happens, I won't be strong enough to help, and you can't exactly do anything either," Peter replied.
Peter was right Quinn right now could barely deal with the level 2 first-year students never mind the second-year students. But at the same time, Quinn hated the fact that they might be targeting Vorden just because he chose to hang out with them.
Perhaps Quinn could find a weak one in the group and target him at night for questioning. These groups always had a weak person acting as a shuttle for them. Asking them to carry their things, grab their food for them etc.
"I'm not telling you to get involved, I don't think Vorden is expecting you to help him out either but just to let me know what you see."
Peter then gave a quick look around the room to make sure no one was hearing the two of them before giving a nod.
Finally, after finishing their breakfast it was time for their combat classes. After registering what type of class you wanted to attend via the watch. It would then indicate what room you would be in for training that Day.
Quinn had chosen the beast weapons class after thinking long and hard. Quinn was known as a no ability user so it was really the only option for him. Otherwise, he would have to just sit back at the back of the other classes and do nothing.
The weapon class was popular among those that had an ability that was able to enhance it. Those who could slightly see the future, or had a telekinesis ability like Layla would attend these classes. But Quinn wanted to find a weapon that would suit him and his fighting style.
The weapons hall was away from the main school building and off to the side in its own separate building. It was a single large one-room building that had an Asian palace feeling to it. To enter the building students needed to scan their watch into the scanner and then the two large doors would slide open.
Although the outside of the building had an eastern feeling to it. The inside was completely different. It was a large room where the ceiling was about twenty meters high. The room had no decorations apart from mountains and mountain of weapons hung up on the wall and in the centre of the room was a round raised platform.
Standing at the back of the hall was a bald-headed man wearing leather armour and had a long katana blade by his side. But the katana blade hilt was jagged and rough and the back of the blade the same. It looked like it had been forged from an animal that was not of this planet.
The man remained silent at the back with his eyes closed. Quinn could only assume the man was their teacher, being the oldest one in the room.
The room slowly started to fill up with students and that's when Layla had entered and spotted Quinn. She immediately came over to him and started chatting. Unlike when Vorden had spoken to Quinn, the other students didn't really pay attention because Layla herself was also considered weak.
"This class is a lot more popular than I thought," Layla said.
The room was filled with about thirty students inside. The other classes had around fifty but it was still more than they had expected.
"Yeah, I wonder what weapon I should pick," Quinn said staring at the wall.
"Well, I already have mine," Layla said pointing to her bow on her back.
A lot of the student in the room already had weapons of their own. Quinn and a couple of others were the only ones who didn't have anything on them. Just then while Quinn was busy staring at the wall, the other students started to get rowdy as someone entered the weapons hall.
"What is she doing here?"
"Isn't she an elemental user, why would she be here."
"Who cares, maybe we can spare with her and if we beat her we can ask her on a date."
As Quinn turned around to see who the girl was everyone was talking about, it turns out he had already met her before. It was Erin Heley the ice ability user.
"I wonder why she decided to go to this class instead of the elemental class?" Layla asked.
Just then the bald-headed man opened his eyes and shouted at the top of his voice.
"ATTENTION!"
Everyone froze and turned to look at the old man.
"My name is Leo and I will be your teacher for today." Leo then pulled out his katana blade from his sheath and pointed it out in front of him." Your first task will be to pick your weapon, you must think carefully. Your weapon is your lifeline. When your ability won't work the only thing you can rely on is your own skills. Now go and Chose one from the wall around you."
The students fanned out and started to look at weapons. Even those who had beast weapons already were trying out new ones.
Quinn looked at the wall and saw all sorts of things, axe's, short swords, Spiked clubs, whips, Scythes there was so much to choose from Quinn was really having a hard time.
Quinn looked at Layla and her bow. It matched up well with her telekinesis ability. If Quinn was to pick a ranged weapon, he would never be able to be as good as Layla. He needed something that suited him right now and his ability.
Quinn then walked up to one of the random swords on the wall and used his inspect skill.
\< Korge Sword \>
\< Tier Basic Beast weapon \>
\< Strength + 3
\< Agilty – 2\>
\< the sword in incompatible with the skill" Blood swipe"\>
The sword Quinn looked at was large in size and looked heavy. Quin needed to be fast so losing some points in agility was a definite no-no. But what surprised him was how much information his inspect skill had given him. It even told him if his blood swipe could be used with it.
Maybe it wouldn't be so hard picking out a weapon after all thanks to Quinn's inspect skill.

 
Chapter 29 Picking a weapon
As soon as Quinn realised that his inspect skill would tell him the stats of each weapon, he started to go around the room looking for the perfect one for him. Quinn ruled out anything that was too heavy. Although the strength stat it added was good, Quinn needed to be fast and agile in the night.
All the weapons Quinn had inspected so far was at the basic tier level. The lowest level a weapon could be. Weapons were categorised into eight different levels depending on which beast core it was made with. Of course, this was based on beasts from planets that had already been discovered.
There was sure to be other planets with stronger beasts and abilities that they had yet to find out about, that may be categorised above that. In the human world today, there were two known weapons of this class. The world called them Demon weapons instead.
After searching around the room for a while, Quinn came across a weapon that stood out from the rest.
< Black Horned gauntlets >
< Basic tier Beast weapon>
<Strength 3>
<Agility 0 >
<Stamina 0>
<Defence 2>
< This weapon is compatible with the skill" Blood swipe". When used with the gauntlets blood swipe will have an increase of 5% in power.>
The Gauntlets were black in colour and had little tiny horns going up the forearm. The fingertips where were pointed and bladed at the ends, it made them look almost like some type of Dragon claw.
There were two reasons why the weapon had interested Quinn. The first was it was the only one that had also given him a defensive stat, not just a strength stat but the second one stood out to him even more. It was the fact that it increases the power of his only skill, blood swipe.
Five percent didn't sound like a lot right now but if in the future Quinn was to get more powerful, five percent would make a huge difference. There were also other bonuses. The gauntlets acted as armour for his hands and he could still hold other weapons if he needed to.
"What a strange choice young boy," Leo said.
Quinn looked to his side to see who had spoken to him, then he noticed it was the bald teacher.
"It's not many peoples first choice. With a weapon like this, you have to have no fear and get in close to your enemy. But that is also the reason it is sturdy than most and can be used as a form of defence."
Quinn had already experienced fighting more than most kids, he was used to using his fists, with his blood swipe skill as well, he didn't always have to get up right close to his opponent.
"Do you mind if I try it?" Quinn asked.
"Go ahead," Leo said as he left to check up on other students selecting weapons.
< Basic Horned Gauntlets equipped>
<Strength: 12 (3) >
< Agility: 12 >
< Stamina: 11 >
< Defence (2)>
Now when Quinn checked out his status screen, he had a smaller number next to his stats which would indicate the equipment level. Quinn now had 15 stat points in strength. He felt three times stronger compared to before he had discovered the system and was ready to test out his newfound strength.
Once everyone had finished picking out their weapon. Leo called everyone to gather around the centre ring.
"Now I won't claim to be an expert in every weapon," Said Leo," Some of you might even be able to use your weapons better than me. But what I am an expert in is fighting with weapons alone. Fighting can be considered a game. You are always trying to predict your opponent's next move, you measure your opponent's ability and so on. For your first lesson, I want to see what you've got. We will have a sparring match. Two people at a time. We will all watch the match and commentate on what could be improved on. Now, are there any volunteers.
In an instant, Erin was the first to put her hand up. Without even waiting for Leo to say anything she headed for the arena in the middle and stood inside. She held a single silver longsword that shined bright. It wasn't one of the weapons that Quinn had seen on the wall so he could only assume it had been one she already owned.
At first, a lot of the students were hesitant of going up against Erin. Her reputation for being a high-power level had already reached many peoples ears.
"Oh, I also forgot to add, Abilities will be banned during today's sparing sessions," Leo added." It is important that you know how to use your weapon first, only then can you truly bring out the full potential of the weapon with your ability."
After saying those words. Students had raised their hands like a rocket. They all wanted to get the chance to beat the famous Ice queen. Now that she wasn't able to use her abilities this was their chance.
In the end, A large man was selected from the crowd who wielded a two-handed axe. He was about double the size of Erin in terms of muscle.
"I think you chose to join the wrong club, your ice abilities will be useless here." The man said.
Erin didn't reply though and simply took her stance. Waiting for her opponent to come forward first.
The man charged in wielding his large axe above his head. When he swung it down Erin spun her body to the side avoiding the blow and at the same time slashed at the back of the man's legs causing him to stumble.
She then placed her blade towards the man's neck. Inches away from his throat.
"I give up." The man said.
Everything had happened in an instant and the room was suddenly silenced. They all knew Erin was strong but it was unexpected of her to be so skilful with the blade. Most ability users, if they had a strong ability like Erin, would rely on that power and not bother learning a weapon. But it was clear to everyone she had some practice.
After the fight had finished, two men seemed to appear out of thin air wearing a black military uniform. They then grabbed the student by both arms and escorted him to the school doctor to get healed up.
The group continued to watch a few fights, the rest of the fights had lasted a lot longer than Erin's, as most of the students were equally matched when it came to using weapons. Even when Level 4 power users were fighting against level 2. When They couldn't use their abilities it all came down to skill and the body.
The next fight that had caught Leo's attention, was the fight with Layla. Even though Layla could no longer use her telekinesis. With her bow, she was able to shot ahead and predict where her opponent would turn.
She had trapped her opponent multiple times and continuously asked him to give up. But her opponent was a level 3 power user and he had his pride on the line. He didn't want to admit being defeated by a level two user even if he wasn't using his ability.
That's when he got reckless and decided to charge forward. But a few arrows in the boy's legs stopped him dead in his tracks before Leo had decided to call the match himself.
"The next pair, Quinn Talen, and Brad Richardson to the arena."
Now it was Quinn's turn.
With the Weapons hall being indoors Quinn was able to use his full stats and his opponent was unable to use his ability. Finally, for once Quinn was in a situation where he didn't feel weaker than the person he was going up against.

 
Chapter 30 Too Strong?
As Quinn walked up to the stage he noticed that Brandon, his opponent's indicator showed that he was at the power level of three. If this was a fight in the outside world, where they both could use their abilities Quinn felt like he didn't have much chance of winning.
But here in the arena, where abilities weren't allowed. Quinn had a body stronger than most, his speed was faster than most. In the Novels he had read, a Vampires strength was far greater than the human race before the introduction of abilities. If they wanted to, they could have ruled the world.
Brandon held a large spear in hand which had great reach. The end was sharp with a single curved blade at the end.
\< Opponent power level 3\>
\< Bonus exp will be rewarded \>
It seemed like Quinn's day was only getting better.
"Begin!" Leo shouted.
Brandon immediately charged in with his spear, while Quinn stood there and took a fighting stance with both of his hands held out in front of him. When Brandon was within striking distance, he thrust his spear forward. It was fast and impressive to the people watching outside.
But to Quinn who had 12 points in agility, it was easy for him to dodge. He avoided the spear strike and ducked down, then before Brandon could pull the spear back Quinn went and grabbed the spear with his hand.
"What the hell!" Brandon said as he tried pulling the spear back." Let go!"
While holding the spear with one hand, Quinn opened up his other hand and swung out his fist like a claw as hard as he could at the spear. Then a few moments later the spear had been sliced in half.
"What the, my weapon, it's faulty!" Brandon complained but Leo did nothing to step in.
Quinn rushed forward and before Brandon could do anything, Quinn punched him hard in the stomach. Brandon's feet lifted off the ground and it looked like his body was about to fly away.
"Inspect"
\<Brandon Richardson\>
\< Ability: Elemental \>
\< HP 5/15 \>
\< Blood type 0 + \>
Quinn knew that if Brandon was to fly out of the arena it would be considered his win but the system wouldn't allow him to win like that, he needed to beat his opponent down to at least one HP. So before Brandon could be lifted into the air, Quinn grabbed him and pulled him back down and at the same time kneed him in the face causing Brandon's nose to bleed and his head to be sent backwords.
And finally, Brandon collapsed lying there on the ground.
"Winner, Quinn Talen." Leo said.
\< Opponent has been defeated 50 exp rewarded \>
\< First time higher power level bonus 50 Exp Rewarded \>
\< 220/200 Exp \>
\< Congratulations you are now Level 3\>
\< 20/400 Exp \>
\< 1 Attribute point awarded \>
\< New Skill" Blood Bank" Unlocked\>
After defeating Brandon, Quinn had received multiple messages and had even levelled up. The bonus reward for defeating a level 3 user was higher than when he defeated a level 2 user. However, it was a shame that the bonus reward was only a one-time thing.
With the messages, there was also a new skill that had been unlocked. Although Quinn didn't have the time to look at it now, he needed to get off the stage and look at it later. Before leaving Quinn looked at Brandon who was lying on the floor. Blood was dripping from his nose and Quinn just had one thought.
"What a waste."
It was a shame Quinn wasn't able to store or drink Brandon's blood. After all, everyone was watching, but if he did he would have learnt what the O type blood did as well.
The two military men again appeared out of thin air and took Brandon away to the doctor's office but before Quinn could leave the arena a couple of boys shouted from the crowd.
"That's not fair." A boy said," Brandon obviously was using a faulty weapon."
"Yeah, and what was with that anyway, that idiot decided to still attack him anyway after seeing his weapon break, he should be punished." Another boy added.
These two were friends of Brandon. One was a level 2.5 user named Fei while the other was a level 3 user named Loop.
Leo then stepped up onto the stage and picked up the broken spear of from the ground and started to inspect it.
"I can guarantee you that all the weapons in this hall are not faulty. Each one has been given the same care as the next."
"Then how can you explain the weapon breaking." Fei said," Unless, it has to be it, he cheated and used an ability."
As soon as acquisitions were made, the crowd started mumbling to each other. They could see Quinn's power level but not many knew about Quinn having no ability. Perhaps he had an ability that simply enhanced his strength the students thought.
"Settle down everyone I can guarantee that no abilities were used," Leo said.
"How can you be so sure?" Fei argued.
Then an unexpected person had chimed in and interrupted their conversation.
"You fool, will you stop being so disrespectful to the teacher." Erin said," Do you not know who he Is, Perhaps if I told you his war name you would know. This man is General Leo, or known as the Blind swordsman."
The chatting between the students had gotten even louder. The name Blind swordsman was known well between common folk. He had helped out a great deal when fighting against the Dalki.
"He's blind?" Loop said unsure whether it was true or not." Doesn't that mean he definitely couldn't tell if the person used an ability or not."
In that instant, Leo threw a piece of the broken spear in the direction of Loop. The spear just missed Loop and had hit the back wall.
Loop then started to feel a sharp stinging pain on his cheek, as he touched his cheek he noticed a scratch mark.
"I can see, and hear very well. Better than most of you. My ability allows me to see the Aura of people and when people start to use their ability, their aura's change depending on what ability they are using. And I'm telling you now, Quinn didn't use a single ability."
With that, the students startled to settle down a bit. It was a memorable first day for all the students in the weapon club so much had happened. But the class was finally over and it was time for them to head home.
Leo, however, couldn't stop thinking about the student known as Quinn. He inspected the spear again and again and found nothing out of the ordinary. However, what Leo didn't reveal was form the very beginning when Quinn had stepped into the room, he could see his aura was slightly different from everyone else's.
It wasn't the same as when someone used an ability though, it reminded him of an aura of that of the beasts or the Dalki had, one that wasn't human.
"Pull up the file on Quinn Talen for me."
"File found." Leo's watch replied.
"Ability?"
"No ability, power level 1." The watch said again.
"Hmm, just what are you hiding Quinn?"

 
Chapter 31 Blood Bank
Once the class had ended, Quinn had to give back the Gauntlets and leave them in the weapons hall. After all, they didn't belong to him and was only there for the purpose of him getting used to using a weapon.
Once Quinn went on his first portal outing, then he would be able to hunt for a suitable beast to make a weapon of his own. At that time, he would also be allowed to borrow the equipment.
As Quinn was heading back to his dorm room, he decided to first put his stat point into something. So he opened up his status screen to see if there were any changes.
\<HP 20/20 \>
\<Strength 12\>
\< Agility 12 \>
\< stamina 12 \>
(All stats are currently halved due to being hit by the direct sunlight)
The system seemed to be consistent with the last time he had levelled up. Although there was no evolution process this time, he still gained five points of HP and one stat point. There was one thing that bothered Quinn and it was the fact that his stat points were halved in sunlight.
There would come a time were Quinn would need to be at full strength even in the sun. When reading about vampires in novels, he was thankful that he was able to be in the sun at all, as some of them burnt to a crisp in an instant.
Quinn decided to stick with his plan and add the stat point to agility, as long as he could hit his opponents without being hit back, he couldn't see himself losing and worst case if he couldn't hurt his opponent, he could always run away. It was also handy if he planned to use the clawed gauntlets as his choice of weapon. He would need to be fast to get in close and use hand to hand combat skills.
\< Agility 13 \>
The next thing Quinn wanted to check out was the new skill he had obtained from levelling up.
\< Skill: Blood Bank Lv.1\>
\< The skill" blood Bank" will allow you to store up to a 100 milters of blood in your reserve. The blood bank will automatically be used to heal the user if HP drops below 5. Every 10 millilitres of blood will be used to restore 5 HP of the user. User may also use the blood bank to consume blood at any time for his own personal pleasure. \>
Quinn looked at the skill in disbelief. It seemed like the skill was too good to be true. Essentially the blood bank acted as a second life for Quinn. As long as his blood bank was fully stocked up, Quinn was able to restore up to 50 points of HP.
Not only that but it had also solved Quinn's storage problem. Although Quinn had used test tube and cork to stop the blood from oxidising, it still wouldn't delay the process of it being spoilt for long. At most Quinn would be able to keep the blood fresh for 8 hours without keeping in some special type of storage.
Sure he had Layla he could rely on, but Layla wouldn't always be by his side. Quinn then took out the test tube of Layla's blood and used his inspect skill. It seemed like the blood was still fine to be used for now.
\<Skill Blood bank\>
The blood then started to shine bright in Quinn�����s hand and suddenly vanished from the test tube.
\<Blood bank 10/100\>
\<Your hunger grows\>
Quinn has happy that the Blood bank skill was convenient and finally after waiting for a while he had received a message he had seen once before.
Last time he had seen the message about his hunger the next day the system told him he needed to consume blood otherwise his HP would drop. With his Blood bank skill though, he wouldn't have to worry about it as long as he kept it topped up.
After checking out all the information, Quinn had finally arrived back at his dorm room to see Peter and Vorden a little roughed up.
"Wow, what happened to you two?" Quinn asked," Was it the second years again?"
"No, no need to worry, this was just during our combat classes, the teacher made us do a sparing session on our first day."
"Were there any problems?"
"Not really, I was humiliated and lost my fight, of course, I still can't control my ability well enough. I think I was too nervous. When I brought out the stick of mud on my back the other students started laughing and I got distracted." Peter explained." But Vorden, on the other hand, was so cool, he told those kids to shut up and asked them to fight him next. Then with the same ability as mine, he managed to defeat a level 3 user!"
"Oh shut up!" Vorden said as he punched Peter on the shoulder." You're embarrassing me."
"But it's true. You were so cool back then."
The three of them continued to share stories about what had happened in their combat classes. Quinn had even talked about his victory against Brandon. At first, they were surprised but when Quinn explained that the use of abilities was banned, they understood.
The three of them were exhausted from their first day of combat classes and decided to get some rest. The next day when Quinn woke up he was greeted with another message.
\< Daily quest complete 5 exp has been rewarded\>
\<25/400 Exp\>
\<Your hunger grows\>
\<Your HP will now drop by – 1HP every hour until human blood has been consumed\>
The message had appeared roughly two days after he had last consumed blood. Meaning this was the time frame before he would need to consume blood again.
\<Skill Blood bank\>
\< 10 millilitres of blood will be consumed, would you like to proceed?\>
\<Yes\>
After selecting the yes option, a sweet fragrance entered his mouth, the hole he could feel in his stomach had disappeared and once again he was satisfied and back to normal. Now all he needed to do was meet up with Layla and fill up his blood bank to the max.
For the next week, combat class was a normal requirement for students. This would be the case until the teachers were satisfied to take the students on their first outing through the portals to hunt beasts.
After the students picked their weapons from the wall, once again Leo stood at the front to give the students further instructions.
"Today's lesson will be sparring once again, but this time you will pick your own opponents. You will fight with them for a minute each before switching to the next opponent. On the battlefield, there will be all types of different opponents that use different weapons and abilities. It is important for you to get used to as many of these as possible."
The students then immediately got into pairings and Layla had run up to Quinn as soon as possible.
"Don't worry Quinn, I'll let you win the first one." She said with a wink.
But just then, Leo had walked towards the two of them.
"I'm sorry about this young lady but I'm going to have to ask you to sit out of this one," Leo said.
Layla then took a step back.
Leo then pulled out his katana blade and pointed it at Quinn.
"Show me what you got boy and don't hold back."

 
Chapter 32 A lesson
Without Quinn realising it himself, the rest of the students weren't really paying attention to their own matches. They were all looking towards Leo and Quinn. They wanted to see how the so-called blind swordsman fought.
But in the room, three people, in particular, were paying attention to Quinn.
"Look at him, he cheats in my match and now he's getting special treatment," Brandon complained.
"Didn't Leo say he didn't use any ability?" Loop asked.
"Don't be a fool of course he did, he managed to break a beast weapon, have you ever heard of that?" Brandon complained," Maybe if he had a higher tier weapon but all the weapons in this room are of the same tier.
"Yeah, I agree." Fei added," The weakling must have never won a fight in his life before and then when he saw the opportunity, he just had to do it."
Before the sparring match started, Quinn decided to use his inspect skill, but for the first time ever, not a single bit of information had come up.
"Does this mean he's too powerful, maybe when the skill levels up I might be able to see something?" Quinn thought.
Just then though, a new message from the system has appeared.
\< A strong opponent has appeared \>
\< Defeat the opponent for an Instant level-up reward \>
Suddenly, Quinn's blood started to rush through his body with excitement, he wasn't going to go easy on Leo in the first place, but if the match proved too easy then he was going to ease up a little to not raise suspicion. But with a reward like this, Quinn would figure out an explanation later.
Every time Quinn levelled up the Exp requirement seemed to double. Making it harder and harder for him to level up.
"What's wrong?" Leo asked.
"Oh, nothing sorry," Quinn said as he got into a fighting stance.
"Alright students, the minute starts, NOW!" Leo shouted.
In an instant, the sound of weapons clashing around the room could be heard but the ones closer to Leo and Quinn decided to take it easy so they could watch the fight and that included Brandon's group.
As soon as the fight started Leo dashed forward with a strike but it wasn't at a speed Quinn couldn't handle. He blocked the first blow knocking it away. However, straight after another attack appeared but Quinn managed to block that as well.
"A bit sloppy and rough but your reflexes are good." Leo said," Now let's take it up another level."
Before Quinn could catch his breath, Leo attacked again with his blade but this time even faster than the attacks before. But thanks to Quinn's agility points he was still able to keep up.
"Ha, ha, I can't believe I'm actually having fun against a student," Leo said laughing.
And once again the attack's coming from Leo sped up again. This time it looked like Quinn was getting knocked around like a rag doll. All the student's watching from outside thought Leo was playing with him but Leo was truly impressed. Although Quinn looked silly, Quinn was still able to block each and every one of his attack with the Gauntlets.
"Now try this!" Leo shouted.
The attack from Leo's katana blade came from underneath, Quinn held out both his hands to block the attack but suddenly it looked like the blade had disappeared and phased through his hands. Before Quinn knew it, the blade was right underneath his chin.
"BEEP, BEEP, BEEP."
"Oh, looks like our time is up." Leo said," About level 14 or 13 maybe, that's pretty good for a first-year student."
Quinn was in admiration for the weapons teacher. At first, he didn't have a lot of respect for the teachers at the school. They would usually just dominate over the students and tell them to toughen up and get stronger but Quinn felt like Leo was different.
Quinn could now tell that Leo was able to beat him in a fight anytime he wanted, Leo was just testing him to see how strong he was. What Quinn also learnt during that fight was just getting stronger and faster wasn't good enough, he needed to learn how to fight properly.
"Please, would you be able to teach me how to fight?" Quinn asked as he bowed down.
"Unfortunately, the weapon you have chosen I do not specialise in myself. Although I do think it suits your fighting style, it seems like you have had some experience in hand to hand combat." Leo explained." There is one thing I can suggest to you, there's a popular VR fighting game that the military students from all the other schools play, the first thing you will need to do is get experience. Although the use of abilities in the game is not prohibited, so you might have a hard time but still, I think it will be a good experience for you."
"Thank you so much," Quinn said as he bowed down again.
"Oh, and before I forget, it was the first time I have had fun like that in a while, as a prize feel free to keep the gauntlets. When you get better in the future come and challenge me any time, I will be happy to fight you again." Leo said as he walked off back to the centre of the weapons hall.
After watching the fight, many of the students were quite disappointed. After seeing Quinn fight well against Brandon, they were hoping he would be able to do something against Leo but to them, all it looked like was Leo toying with Quinn and throwing him around like a rag doll.
Brandon then had come up with a brilliant idea and started to whisper into his friend's Fei's ear.
"Alright students, it is time to get into your next paring," Leo shouted.
Just then before Layla could get up and ask Quinn for a match, Brandon had gotten up in front of her.
"Do you mind if us two have a round?" Brandon asked
Layla kissed at her teeth and scorned but she didn't exactly have a good reason to say no. After all, it would only be a minute.
Then another student, Brandon's friend Fei had gone and approached Quinn.
"Please I would like to be your next opponent," Fei asked as he drew out his two short swords.
"I don't see why not," Quinn said.
Quinn didn't mind too much. So far, every new opponent he faced as long as he defeated them, would grant him 50 Exp and this was the best chance he had right now, in the weapons hall where people weren't allowed to use their abilities.
"And Please, Begin!" Leo shouted.
Fei seemed to have some experience using the duel swords. His flow was natural and he was able to follow his attacks up well from one to the next but after fighting with Leo, the attacks just seemed slow. Quinn was able to see the path of each strike.
But just like Leo had said the most important thing for Quinn was the experience, so rather than relying on his supernatural strength and end the fight in an instant. Quinn decided he wanted to fight a little longer.
Meanwhile, in Layla and Brandon's match, Brandon didn't seem to be doing much at all. He didn't charge in and he didn't attack, all he did was avoid Layla's arrows. It was as if his mind was focused on something else.
That's when a noise was heard. Fei was charging in at Quinn and did some sought of little battle cry. That was the signal for Brandon to act.
Brandon then lifted his hand and at the right time, cast his wind blast right behind at Quinn's back.
Quinn saw Fei's blades and was ready to block but that's when he felt a strong force push him from behind. It knocked him off balance and at the same time, Fei's blades went right into Quinn's stomach.
\<10/20 HP\>
"You… Bastar…." Quinn Groaned.

 
Chapter 33 Next Targe
For a brief moment, Quinn had forgotten about a world with abilities. A world where people didn't try to get up on one another, just for the sake of what? Pride.
He looked down and could see the two blades stuck in his stomach, blood dripping off the blade. Fei had let go of the blades and took a step back, with his mouth wide open, acting like everything that had happened was an accident.
But Quinn wasn't buying it and he had a good idea what had just happened. As he looked around, he managed to catch a smile on Brandon's face. Quinn then grabbed the hilt half of the two blades and using his strength snapped the ends off.
With the other half of the blades still in his stomach, he started to walk towards Fei.
"So you want to play games then." Quinn said," Then let's play some games, you've taken some of my blood, so it's only right that I take some of yours."
As Fei heard these words, he couldn't help but move back away from Quinn. Something was different, the look in his eyes.
"Why is my body shaking, he's only a level one user, calm down."
Then when Quinn was only a few feet away, he swung his clawed hand out.
"Blood swi…"
But before Quinn could finish casting his skill, his hand was knocked away by a blade.
"Enough, stop now," Leo said as he pointed his blade towards Quinn." Two wrongs do not make a right."
"And you two don't think your plan didn't go unnoticed. I will not have students who can't follow the rules in my class. You can leave your weapons here and you are banned from any more combat classes in the weapon hall."
Just then, two military men had appeared out of nowhere standing by Quinn's side.
"Take him to the doctor's office and make sure he gets treated," Leo said.
"Wait!" Layla shouted." Maybe I should go with him, make sure he is okay?"
"He's a strong boy, worry not young lady he can take care of himself."
Although Layla was worried about Quinn being hurt, that wasn't her main concern. It looked like from the wounds on Quinn's body that he had lost a lot of blood. Even if vampires could heal at supernatural speeds that energy had to come from somewhere and would soon need to be replaced.
After grabbing Quinn by both of his arms, after a few seconds, Quinn was transported just outside the doctor's office.
"Please get some rest once you have healed up." One of the men said before teleporting away once again.
"What a handy ability to have."
After checking the men had disappeared, Quinn decided to head to the closest bathroom on the same floor. Nearly all the students were in combat classes at the moment so the halls were empty. The reason why Quinn had decided to head to the bathroom rather than to the doctor's office was because he could already feel his body was healing up.
His status screen also confirmed that fact.
\< 12/20 HP \>
Just like before as soon as Quinn was out of combat, his body was starting to heal at an incredibly fast rate. Quinn looked down and it looked like his body had healed most of the wounds. However, it wasn't able to heal the area where the blades were stuck.
"This is going to hurt."
Luckily Quinn still had his gauntlets on so he didn't have to grab the blades with his bare hands.
"1, 2 ,3" He then pulled the blades out as fast he could in one action. The pain was quick and sharp and he did everything he could to hold in his screams.
Finally, the wounds around his stomach were slowly starting to heal until suddenly he received some new messages.
\< Your hunger grows \>
\< Your hunger grows \>
\< 15/20 HP \>
\< You will no longer heal \>
\< Your HP will continue to decrease by – 1 HP until human blood has been consumed \>
Quinn looked at the message and was trying to figure out what had happened. When Quinn did his tests he found out that his body would need to consume blood once every two days. But this message had come up even though Quinn had only consumed Layla's blood this morning, it hadn't reached the time limit yet.
Then Quinn thought back to how the blood was able to heal his health. If it worked the same way then that meant his body was using blood as energy to heal himself. Once this energy had run out inside his body then he would no longer be able to heal and he would once again have to consume blood.
Quinn felt a hunger in his stomach and started to look at himself in the mirror, his clothes were all bloody and he was in slight pain, but he still cracked a smile. That's when Quinn also noticed that his top two teeth had grown slightly. It was different to last time when he had panicked this time, he felt calm.
He was used to taking blood and he already knew who his next targets were going to be tonight.
The hunger pangs were bearable this time, perhaps because Quinn wasn't in a critical condition. After heading back to his dorm room Quinn threw his bloody clothes on the floor and changed his clothes out with a different uniform.
While Quinn was busy getting changed, he heard the sound of two students talking as they walked down the corridor.
"Why did I get kicked out as well, you were the only one who used an ability?" Fei complained.
"Hey, you were fine with the plan when I told you about it earlier, why are you getting so annoyed about it now?" Brandon said.
"You were the one who dragged me into it all because you lost to a level one, embarrassing." Fei chuckled.
Just then, Brandon slammed Fei up against the corridor wall and held him by his collar.
"Do I need to remind you that I'm a higher level then you Fei, or do we have to fight so you can learn your place."
Fei said nothing until Brandon eventually let go of his collar. That's when Fei decided to walk off in the opposite direction away from the dorm rooms.
"I thought we were friends Brandon, not just some lacky you control cause I'm a lower level than you."
Then as Brandon entered his dorm room, he slammed the door behind him.
"Oh, a lover's quarrel huh, excellent," Quinn said, as he grabbed his back and headed out to follow Fei.
The combat classes had finished and the sun was starting to set. With that, a rush of students was now heading back to their dorm rooms and that included Peter and Vorden. As the two of them entered the room Vorden's eyes widened as he spotted something.
"What the, is that Quinn's clothes?" Peter said as he lifted them off the ground." They're covered in blood, did he get hurt during training."
Vorden's whole body was shaking as he saw the blood.
"What happened to him," Vorden thought," Did the second years target him too, or did something happen in training?"
"I told you we should have kept an eye on him."
"We should have killed those second years when we had the chance."
"Stop it!" Vorden said out loud.
"Huh, Vorden are you okay?" Peter asked.
But without saying anything else, Vorden opened the door to search for Quinn but as he did, Layla was stood there with her hand by the door as if she was just about to knock.
"Oh, is Quinn here?" Layla said.
But in the next second Vorden grabbed Layla by the hand dragging her in and slammed the door behind her. Vorden then immediately pushed Layla up by the door and pressed his forearm against her neck.
"Tell me what happened to Quinn now!"
****
Note: extra chapters for hitting the goal will be delivered in one go on Saturday or Sunday.
After hitting the two goals, each extra 500 stones will = another extra chapter.

 
Chapter 34 Caught Red handed!
Struggling up against the dorm room door, Layla was finding it difficult to breathe. Vorden was applying an incredible amount of force with his forearm against her neck and his face was only a few inches away.
"What the... hell's wrong with you!" Layla managed to groan out.
"Hey Vorden, I think you're hurting her?" Peter said quietly.
Vorden suddenly started pressing against her throat even harder, Layla was struggling with all her might to get air and if she didn't do anything soon, she was worried she might pass out.
"The little one didn't like you, and the other one told me not to get involved, but in the end, I'm always the one that has to deal with things," Vorden said.
Layla's face started to turn a bright red, the veins on her neck were popping threatening to explode as she struggled to breathe.
"Hey! Seriously Vorden you're going too far!" Peter shouted.
"Shut up!" Vorden shouted as he turned to look at Peter." My name is not Vorden either!!"
That's when Layla saw her opportunity, the grip around her neck loosened a little as Vorden was distracted. She reached down into her quiver that was attached to her waist and pulled out one of her arrows. Then proceeded to stab the arrow into the top part of Vorden's thigh.
"Arghh!" Vorden cried as he flinched at let go of Layla.
Layla then quickly pulled out another arrow with her telekinesis ability and hovered it right in front of Vorden's face.
"Don't you dare move, you psycho!" Said Layla," I swear if you do, I will not hesitate to shove this arrow right in your head."
Peter started to panic at the situation that was happening in front of him. There was no way he could jump in the middle of these to, he was too scared of getting hurt himself.
"I don't even know why Quinn asked me to look out for you, if you ask me, his better off without someone like you."
"Wait, Quinn really said that," Vorden said in a gentle tone." Look, I'm sorry about what just happened but I just want to know what happened to Quinn."
As Vorden said these words his eyebrows were slightly twitching. His personality had taken a complete 180 turn and Layla didn't what to make of it. For some reason, something was telling her that this boy was dangerous and if she could she would have nothing to do with him.
But right now, she needed to find Quinn, who knew if he was going on another rampage right now. She was the only one that knew Quinn's secret and Quinn needed her.
"It was just an accident at the combat classes today." Said Layla," He wasn't at the medical bay so I thought he was in his room but it looks like he already left. I wouldn't worry about it."
Layla then recalled her arrow back into her quiver and walked out of the room in a rush. Then as soon as she left Vorden lifted the arrow out of his leg with the copied telekinesis ability and threw the arrow to one side.
"Hey are you alright man, you kinda acting a little strange there?" Peter asked.
"Yeah I'm fine," Vorden said.
"She's lying to you, did you see how she rushed off like that something's up, let's follow her.".
"Or we could try asking the other students who were in the same combat classes as Quinn, they might be able to tell us who did this to him."
"Oh, payback I like it, and then on the way back maybe that pretty girl can get into an accident."
"No, I told you she's just Quinn's friend, can't you see she's just as worried about Quinn as we are. She's a good person."
"Well, I don't like her."
"I agree, we should get rid of her."
"Err Vorden are you okay?" Peter asked again." You've been standing there looking at the floor for a while now.
"Huh? Oh yeah, I just need to head off to the doctor's office get this wound checked out on my leg. I'll be back when I can.". Vordan said as he left the room and headed outside.
****
Quinn had been following Fei form a safe distance for a while now but it didn't look like he was heading out of the school and time was running out.
\< 12/ 20 HP \>
If he lost any more health he would have to go search for Layla and find his target another time. However, Quinn felt like he would never have an opportunity as good as this one again. Very rarely was there a time when people would be on their own and especially one that Quinn had a grudge against.
That's when Fei started to head up the stairs and eventually went up to the school roof door. After reaching the closed door, Quinn quickly moved and opened the door ever so slightly and started to peek through.
Quinn glances around the rooftop feeling happy for his luck, Fei was the only person he could see up there.
"Lady luck is on my side today."
Quinn then took the mask out from his bag and put it on his face. Before he moved onto the rooftop, he used a rag of ripped cloth from his old uniform and wrapped it around his watch to hide his power level.
There weren't many other level one users who used gauntlets in the whole school. If Fei was to see his power level on his wrist watch it would be a dead giveaway.
As soon as Quinn would open the door, he knew the metal creaking sound would notify Fei that someone else was here, he needed to do everything as quick as possible.
"Ready and go!" Quinn then pushed open the door and ran over to where Fei was in an instant.
And as soon as Fei turned around, he could see was red blood lines in the shape of a claw coming out from a mysterious masked man.
"What the…" Fei was to slow to react and all he could do was lift his hand but the blow was extremely powerful, when the red lines touched his skin it immediately caused blood to be drawn. It felt like five sharp knives were cutting him at the same time.
Not only that, but the force was so strong it managed to throw Fei into the air. With his 12 strength and extra 3 from the gauntlets, Quinn now had a total of 15 strength, and then the gauntlets also increased his attack power by 5% making the attack far stronger than Quinn had predicted.
Fei continued to fly into the air until his body had hit the back of the gated fence, he then collapsed on the floor and passed out.
\< 11/20 HP \>
Fei didn't even have the chance to use his ability to fight back. It was over in an instant. Blood started to drip from his arms and began to create a small puddle of blood and before Quinn realised it his teeth had grown into fangs.
He slowly walked over to Fei and could feel his heart beating faster. The sweet fragrances were getting stronger but Quinn didn't care about the blood that was on the floor. He was more interested in the single vein that he could see pulsating through Fei's neck.
Quinn then lifted Fei slightly off the ground and without even thinking about it sunk his fangs into Fei's neck.
Quinn continued to drink Fei's blood until multiple notifications had appeared.
\< 20/20 HP \>
\< Blood bank has been filled 100ml \>
\< A + Blood type has been consumed \>
\< + 1 Strength stat \>
\< 50 exp has been awarded \>
As Quinn was enjoying the last few drops of blood when the sudden sound of the roof door being opened was heard.
"Huh, so why did you want to meet me on this roof again," Loop said rubbing his head. Then when he looked up. He could see his friend covered in a pool of blood and a masked man with his teeth in his friend's neck.
"You monster, get off of him!" Loop shouted!

 
Chapter 35 Heal me
Inside one of the dorm rooms, Peter was waiting inside patiently for either Vorden or Quinn to come back. Usually, he would have gone off with Vorden but the way Vorden had acted earlier, had given him second thoughts.
Even if Vorden was worried about Quinn, it made no sense for him to attack someone as soon as they opened the door. It was irrational and not just that but something stuck out to him at the time. The fact that Vorden said that Vorden wasn't his name.
Peter wasn't exactly sure what he had meant by that. While Peter was busy worrying about the others, there was a sudden knock at the door.
"Are they back already?" Peter said as he answered the door.
When he opened the door though, Peter immediately tried closing it but a hand had come out and held the door open.
"Looks like he's not here?" Momo said looking around the room.
It was Momo who was at the door and behind him, he had two other second-year students. Peter didn't have a good feeling about this. He remembered the last time they had met and how he had given Vorden a warning. Not only that but one of the second-year students standing behind Momo, Peter recognized as well.
When Vorden was taken away to the assembly hall, one of the second-year students stood outside as a guard and wouldn't allow Peter to go past him.
"Well, since you're the only one here, why don't you come with us." Momo said," We have some plans and we think you might be the perfect person to help us."
Peter felt like he had no choice but to listen. Momo was a level six user. He was stronger than any of the current first years and he knew if he refused, he would become a target. Before Vorden would have been able to help him but not against these guys, they were too strong.
****
Back on the school rooftop, Loop had just arrived to see his friend being held by what looked like some humanoid creature. Loop and Fei had agreed to meet on the roof to discuss about what combat classes they should change to, now that he and Brandon had been kicked out.
When Loop had arrived at the roof, he was surprised to see his friend lying there covered in blood. It was dark so it was hard to see clearly but as the creature held Fei in his arms and was biting into his neck, he could see glowing red eyes.
Loop mind instantly went thinking that it was some type of monster but that's when he noticed that the so-called monster, was wearing the same school uniform as them.
An object started to grow out of Loop's body. It was a long thin white piece of bone that was the same size as a small sword. He pulled it out and threw it straight at Quinn.
The flying sword bone flew straight at Quinn but he knocked it away with his hand. Almost straight after another piece of bone came at him and behind it was Loop running right towards him.
In both of loops hands, he held two white bone swords and swung them down at Quinn. However, Quinn managed to grab onto both of the bone swords stopping them in place. When Quinn tried to use his strength to break the bones surprisingly, nothing was happening.
That was because of the difference in ability level. Loop was a level three ability user. The special substance he was able to create out of his body was stronger than that of a basic tier beast weapon.
As the two were held in place, Quinn realised his strength was greater and started to push Loop back. When Quinn started to push Loop back, he quickly took in a deep breath and blew out, straight after, white bone spikes had appeared on his body all over.
The bone spikes had managed to pierce Quinn's body in several different places, but luckily he was able to avoid a blow to the head and his hands were protected by the gauntlets.
\< 10/20 HP \>
It was a strong attack and it had hurt Quinn badly. Loop retracted the bone spikes into his body and was ready for the same attack again. As he breathed in though, he could see Quinn swipe his hand like a claw. Loop ducked down and instead of hitting him, the attack continued to go past and the red lines eventually disappeared into nothing.
"Let's see what your hiding under that mask," Loop said as he stabbed one of the bone swords into Quinn's foot and then lifted another one at his face.
However, Quinn decided to use all his strength to pull his foot from the sword. The bone sword stuck in his foot had ripped through his skin and tore through his shoes, his foot was now a mangled mess but at least he was free.
Doing his best to ignore the pain Quinn jumped back a few feet to create distance between himself and Loop.
This was bad, not only did Loop have a strong ability but unlike the people, he had faced before, Loop was a good fighter. Quinn's sloppy skills weren't going to save him. Sure, he had more strength then his opponent but that meant nothing if he couldn't hit him.
\< 5/20 HP\>
\< Blood bank auto use \>
\<10/20 HP\>
\< 90 Millimetres left in blood bank \>
In nearly an instant, Quinn's foot had healed. That's when he came up with a plan.
\< 20/20 HP\>
\< 70 millimetres left in blood bank \>
Quinn had used the rest of his blood bank to heal himself. With this, he would be able to bridge the gap in skill. As long as Quinn didn't take a fatal blow to the head, he was sure the system would heal him in time.
This time as Quinn rushed forward, he was no longer reserved about using his skills, he cast blood swipe after blood swipe swinging his arms out.
\< 14/ 20 HP \>
He had thrown a total of six blood swipes in rapid succession. They had come out fast and all Loop could do was defend with his bones. The first few attacks had been blocked but Loop could feel how powerful they were.
\< 8/20 HP \>
After defending against the first six attacks, Loop thought he was done but another six Blood swipes came straight after and his Bone swords could no longer take it and eventually snapped.
\< 18/20 HP \>
\< 50 millilitres of blood left in blood bank\>
Seeing Quinn continue to rush forward after him and his bone swords were broken, there was only one thing Loop could do.
He took in another deep breath and just when Quinn was close enough, he blew out, making bone spikes appear all over his body.
However, Quinn wasn't slowing down and continued to run straight into the bone spikes piercing several parts of his body, at the same time he threw a punch out as hard as could sending Loop flying backwards. Then to follow it up Quinn released another barrage of blood swipes.
\< 5/ 20 HP\>
\< 10/ 20 HP \>
\< 40 millilitres of blood left in blood bank \>
As each of the blood swipes reached Loop's body, he stood his ground reinforcing his body with bones but not long after he could no longer take any more punishment and collapsed to the ground.
\< Opponent has been defeated \>
\< 50 exp has been received \>
\<130/400\>
The fight was a lot tougher then Quinn had thought. The only reason why he was able to be as reckless as he was, was because of his blood bank. Quinn hated to think about how he would have fought if he didn't have the skill.
Quinn then looked back at Fei who was on the ground. It seemed like after being bitten by him his targets would stay asleep for some time, which was a good thing but now it was time for him to feast on a new person.
Quinn walked over to Loop's body and cast his Inspect skill.
\<Brandon Richardson \>
\< Ability: Bone manipulation\>
\< HP 1/25\>
\< Blood type: O- \>
Finally, Quinn was going to find out what use blood type O had for him.

 
Chapter 36 Escape
As Quinn looked at Loop's body on the ground, he noticed something strange. His current health was at 10 Hp and his body was naturally drawn to the blood. Whenever his health was low, he would get hungrier, that bit was a given but something that also happened was his two canine teeth would start to grow longer.
When they grow longer it made it easier to pierce his victim's neck. Although Loop was bleeding and Quinn was able to just drink from the open wound. This would only give him the extra stat point. He needed a good supply to also fill his blood bank.
When inserting his teeth into his victim, it felt as though he instinctively knew the best location that would allow him to take as much blood as possible.
Quinn lifted Loop's body from the ground. Only a few inches were separating their faces.
"I don't know whether it's a good thing or a bad thing that I'm finding it easier every time I do this."
Quinn opened his mouth wildly showing his teeth, he brought his mouth near Loop's neck and finally bit into his neck. A rush of blood entered into his mouth, the blood tasted sweet.
\< 20/20 HP restored \>
\< O blood type has been consumed \>
\< 1 free stat point has been added \>
\< Blood bank has been filled \>
Quinn had a few guesses at what the O type would do but this was better than he had imagined. Quinn quickly opened up his status screen and wanted to decide what to put the stat into straight away.
\< Strength 13 (3) \>
\< Stamina 12 \>
\< Agility 13 \>
Quinn debated internally for a few minutes whether he should put his stat point into stamina or not. If he did his stats would become well rounded. But he thought about all the people who were strong in the world right now. They were usually a specialist in a certain area. A jack of all trades was something too weak in this day and age.
Not only that but Quinn felt like his growth would be quicker if he specialized in strength or Agility. It would allow him to carry on beating weak opponents. Then when he needed to, he could increase his stamina points at another time. It wasn't like Quinn was going to be facing an army of opponents any time soon.
\< Agility 14 \>
In the end, Quinn decided to stick to his original plan and add his stat points into agility.
Quinn stood in place looking at the duos body's wondering what he should do. He was fairly certain that he had acted fast enough during his fight with Fei. He hoped that he hadn't seen anything that could give him away, but he couldn't say the same for Loop.
When Quinn started to inspect Fei's body, he noticed that the bite marks on Fei's neck from Quinn had already disappeared.
"The doctor said the same thing happened with Layla, perhaps some type of effect from my ability?" Quinn thought," Well, that solves that problem, now what to do with you?" Quinn pondered looking at Loop's body.
Although Quinn wore his mask there was still the chance of someone figuring out it was him. After all, how many students used gauntlets as a weapon and also would have a grudge to attack these two.
However, Quinn wasn't that afraid of them finding out his real identity, after all the school didn't really care if Quinn beat them half to death. Actions like this were commonplace at the academy.
Quinn wasn't afraid that Loop might tell everyone what he had seen. Even if he did, no one would believe what he had said. Throughout all of the history of abilities, there had never been any reports of an ability where someone had to consume something to gain power. The power had always come from within.
And with no markings on their neck to prove it, they would be treated as madmen without any type of proof.
While Quinn was in the middle of his thoughts, he was startled when he heard the door start to open again.
Quinn moved instantly at a lightning speed to try and flee the scene but quickly stopped when he saw it was someone familiar opening the door.
"There you are," Layla said, she then looked down and noticed the two bodies on the floor.
"Quick we have to get out of here, the guards will be here any second now!"
Quinn had taken too much time, he wasn't planning to take out two people. When a student was knocked out in the school or badly beaten the wristwatch was able to ping their location to the school and inform them, they were hurt.
Then once this message was pinged to them, the guards would pick the student's up and take them to the hospital.
No one knew how it quite worked as it was amazing, the watch was able to tell how much health someone had. Rumours were spread that it was an ability of an original that created the watches.
Quinn and Layla hastily ran down the stairs but stopped as they could hear the sound of footsteps coming in their direction.
"Oh no! We can't go this way." Layla then started to look around the roof." I have a plan, grab me and let's jump."
"Are you crazy!" Quinn said," Even with my strength from this height, I would at least break my legs and even if I can heal, I still feel pain!"
"Just trust me, come on, I can use my ability."
Quinn quickly lifted Layla with both arms despite his protest. With his strength, Layla was lighter than ever. He jumped onto the fence and looked down. The school was incredibly high, it was at least four stories.
"I'm counting on you," Quinn muttered as he leapt off the building.
As the duo was falling from the rooftop at an incredible speed, Layla closed he eyes and started to concentrate. Sweat started to form on her brows when suddenly, the two of them started to decrease in speed. They eventually reached the ground.
"Hey that was pretty cool, you can fly?" Quinn asked stunned.
"No, my ability isn't that strong yet," Layla replied." At most I can only slow us down. Come on let's head back to our rooms."
As the two of them headed to their rooms Quinn explained everything that had happened on the rooftop.
"Wait what, then aren't you worried that Loop might tell someone what happened?"
"Not really, he has nothing to gain from it, without any proof no one would believe him anyway, but there is one problem. There is the chance that if he does find out it's me, then he would come back with the others and attack me. I could take them out one on one, but as a group, I don't feel like I could stand a chance."
"It's true." Layla replied," A lot of the students have already formed their own groups and gangs to protect each other, all that's left are the ones that are too weak to be a part of anything. I know, why don't you create your own group? I could be like a sub-leader. Of course, we would keep your thing a secret."
"That's not a bad idea, especially if in the future we get targeted even more, maybe I should ask Vorden if he knows anyone."
The look on Layla's face suddenly dropped as she heard those words.
"That crazy guy, I told you he was bad news Quinn."
"What did something happen?"
"It's best if you hear it from your friend Peter, maybe then you will realize how bad it was, after all, he saw the whole thing."
****
In the Doctor's office, the two students who had been beaten on the roof were currently lying on hospital beds. The single doctor Haley was busy as usual and especially at night when the guards gathered the beaten students.
"How can the school just let these sorts of things happen, surely there is a better way." Hayley thought.
As she went to check up on Fei, she noticed he was now sleeping calmly. After healing the claw marks on him and there wasn't anything unusual. However, when she looked at Loop, something had caught her eye that concerned her.
In a certain spot on the boy's neck, were two small puncture wounds similar to that of a snake bite. She had seen these signs before on another student and just like before the wound was already starting to heal itself.
Hayley then tapped her watch and waited a few moments for it to connect.
"Hey General, I believe there might be a stray beast roaming around the school."
"What, that's impossible, we have seen no signs indicating the presence of one." The voice on the watch replied.
"But there have been some strange signs on two students, I'm a little bit worried." Haley said," Please for me... would just investigate it."
"Fine, fine whatever you want, how can I say no to my daughter."
Just then though as Haley got of her call, two military men came rushing in with another student on their back soaked in blood.
"Hurry, this student Is in critical condition!" the guard shouted.
They quickly placed the student on the bed and Hayley quickly got to work. She tried and tried to use her abilities but it was useless, the student was already too far gone. He had died.
Hayley then tapped her wristwatch once again to open up a digital report log.
"Report, confirming the time of death 9:30 PM, a first-year student named, Brandon Richardson."

 
Chapter 37 I'm sorry!
When Quinn had arrived back in his dorm room, he was surmised to see that neither Vorden or Peter seemed to be there.
"It's nearly curfew time, I wonder what they're doing out so late?"
It was a shame because Quinn was hoping to either ask Peter or Vorden what exactly happened between them and Layla but with it getting late and Quinn low on energy, he decided to get some sleep ahead of the others.
And as soon as his body had hit the bed, he was out in an instant, he didn't even change his clothes and he just laid there on top of it like an old drunk man.
A few moments later and Peter was the first to arrive back in the dorm room.
He slowly entered the room and didn't even acknowledge the fact that Quinn had returned. He walked slowly over to his bed and placed the quilt over his head, slightly shaking.
Then soon after Vorden had arrived. He could see a bulge wrapped underneath the sheets on peter's bed, then Vorden noticed that Quinn was sleeping.
As Vorden looked at Quinn's peaceful face he smiled.
"Looks like you were fine," Vorden whispered to himself." I'm sorry."
Each one of them was dealing with their own problems, yet not one of them knew of the others. With a lot on their mind and no one to share it with, they had to sleep with their demons that night.
As Quinn woke up he was greeted with his usual morning message.
\<Daily quest complete: Avoid direct sunlight for eight hours. \>
\<135/400 Exp\>
Quinn was satisfied with his growth in strength, however, he couldn't say the same about his levelling speed. He was currently only level three and had two skills he could use. Unlike other abilities where they gave you the control of something, Quinn's skills were a one action type thing. IF Quinn wanted to be on an even playing field with the higher-level ability users then Quinn would need more skills.
After fighting with Loop yesterday Quinn realised he needed a few things. The first was he needed to get better at fighting. Although his skills had been fine with defeating low levels so far, he couldn't say the same when it came to opponents who knew how to fight.
It was only because of Quinn's blood bank yesterday that he was able to win the fight and fight recklessly. This meant he needed to learn some hand to hand combat skills. The second thing was he couldn't go out fighting students every day.
Yesterday was a close call and he still didn't know if Loop knew it was him or not who attacked. If he wanted to keep this a secret, he would have to limit his activity at night. Or get strong enough so he didn't have to rely on the gauntlets which were a dead giveaway.
That left him with a new goal. When checking out the system Quinn remembered that there was a shop function that would only open at level 10. This was now Quinn's new target, he had no idea what the shop would detail but so far the system hadn't let him down.
When Vorden had woken up he acted like his usual self as he always had done in front of Quinn.
"Hey did you get a good sleep?" Vorden asked," When I came in yesterday you were completely knocked out."
"Yeah, I was pretty worn out yesterday after combat classes."
"I heard you got in an accident, is everything okay?" Vorden asked.
"As you can see, I have made a complete recovery you don't need to worry about me."
"Hey, seriously though, Quinn if you're getting bullied or hurt just tell me. I know we said not to help each other out so the second-year students wouldn't get involved but I can handle them don't worry."
Quinn smiled back at Vorden. He couldn't understand what Layla was so worried about. The Vorden in front of him now was the Vorden Quinn grew to like. Sure, he seemed to have his problems and lash out at times but who didn't?
Not wanting to ruin the nice atmosphere between the two of them, Quinn decided that he would ask Peter once the two of them were alone what happened. Besides if he asked Vorden there was the chance he would get a one-sided view of the events.
As Peter woke up Vorden greeted him too, but Peter only said very few words back. Now even Peter was acting strangely Quinn thought.
"Is everything okay Peter?" Quinn asked
"Huh, Yeah I'm fine," Peter replied as he got dressed into a new uniform, a little bit spaced out.
The three of them then started to head to the canteen and as they were walking through the hallways. Quinn had spotted someone who he didn't want to see first thing in the morning, it was Loop.
But as the two of them locked eyes, Loop instantly started to break out into a sweat and his hands were shaking uncontrollably. When the two walked by each other, Loop stopped and called out to Quinn.
"Hey is it okay to talk to you, in private?" Loop asked.
Quinn immediately started to look around to see if there were any of Loop's friends nearby. If Loop was calling out to him it was most likely because he had figured out that Quinn was the one who had attacked him and Fei.
Quinn had put this into his calculations that they might group up to attack him but he didn't think something would happen so soon. However, when he looked around there was no site of Brandon or even Fei nearby.
With multiple students surrounding them, Quinn felt like it was unlikely that Loop would try anything here, and even if he did, he could at least defend himself without reviling his skills.
"Hey is everything okay?" Vorden said in a stern voice not breaking eye contact with Loop.
"Yeah it's fine Vorden, you two go ahead I'll catch up with you in a bit."
As Vorden and Peter walked away, Vorden couldn't help himself, he kept staring back at where Quinn was.
The two of them then walked off to a nearby classroom just down the hallway to the canteen. It was breakfast time so classes hadn't started yet and the classrooms were empty. Of course, Quinn made sure to stay by the door just in case Loop started to attack. That way he could run out into the hall where the rest of the students were.
Loop stood there nervous and fidgeting, it seemed like he was struggling to get his words out, until he finally spoke.
"I'm sorry about yesterday," Loop said as he bowed." I know we hurt you in training and you probably coming back at us for revenge but please forgive me."
Quinn was speechless, this was unexpected and he didn't have a clue what was going on.
"I Promise I won't tell anyone about your secret, please whatever you do just let me live. I won't bother you again and no one will ever know anything happened."
Although Quinn had his suspicions that this was all an act. It seemed like Loop was genuine, either that or he was the best actor in the world. But what Quinn didn't understand was what on earth had happened to get Loop to act like this.
"Thanks for keeping my secret, besides I don't really have a grudge against you. Although your friends were the one to act on me, you didn't do anything. You were just trying to help your friends." Quinn said.
"Thank you, thank you for sparing me," Loop said." I promise if you need anything, I will help you, I just don't want what happened to Brandon happening to me."
"Brandon?" Quin said confused," What happened to Brandon?"

 
Chapter 38 Crazy Boy
At first, Loop was confused by the words that had come out of Quinn's mouth. There were two possible reasons he could be acting like this. Either Quinn was just pretending not to know or when Brandon entered the hospital, he was still alive at the time. Meaning Quinn thought Brandon was still alive after attacking him.
"Look I promise I'll keep your secret, I know you attacked Fei because of what happened at the weapons hall, it had to be you. Who else would attack him and have gauntlets like you? So you decided to go after Brandon next after taking down me." Fei explained." Look I just want to continue living in school as normal, I don't want any drama. I don't know why you're hiding behind that fake power level of yours but please, I just don't want to get involved and I'll stay out of your way."
Quinn was trying his best to process the information he had just been told. Right now a student had died. To be honest, he wasn't really sure what the process or punishment was for a student's death and at the same time, he didn't want to find out.
If the other students were to learn about the attacks on Fei and Brandon, they would naturally assume it might have been Quinn wanting payback. However, the one thing that would make them doubt that, was the fact that he was only a level 1 student.
Right now, only Loop knew his secret, so it was no wonder Loop was afraid of him. With all this information, for now, Quinn felt it was best to play along.
"You don't have to worry." Said Quinn," Like you said you were only protecting your friend and you didn't actually do anything to hurt me during the combat class. As long as you stay out of my way, I will stay at of yours."
"Thank you," Loop said as he bowed down and left the room.
After Loop had left there was a thought lingering on Quinn's mind. Just who did kill Brandon? Was their anyone in the school that had a grudge against him? They had only been at the school a few days and the school purposely made sure no one knew each other before sending them here.
It was hard for Quinn to come up with a suspect, all he knew about Brandon was what had happened at the combat classes. If a petty person like him was able to plan an attack like that, then perhaps he had made many enemies already.
After finishing his talk, Quinn headed to the canteen to catch up with his other two roommates but when he entered the canteen. Instead of seeing Vorden and Peter sitting together like usual. Vorden was sitting on his own and there was no sign of Peter.
Quinn quickly grabbed his food and decided to sit next to Vorden.
"Hey, aren't you worried about the second years coming to attack you?" Vorden said.
"From the looks of it people will continue to bother us anyway, so we might as well live how we want." Quinn replied," Hey so where's Peter, didn't you two come here together?"
"You're looking in the wrong places," Vorden said as he pointed in a different section of the canteen.
The two of them were sat in the low-level section where the level 1 and twos would usually sit. This was where Peter would usually come to join them as well. But the direction Vorden had pointed in was the higher-level tables, the level 4 and 5 tables and sitting next to them was Peter.
"What is he doing over there? Are they targeting him?" Quinn asked.
"Who knows, when Peter entered the canteen, he looked and me and said, I'm going to hang out with some new friends I made the other day. I asked him if he needed help and he said not to worry."
As the two watched Peter hang out with the others though, it seemed like he was getting on with them well. He wasn't being asked to grab food or carry their things like the other lower power levels in other groups.
"Well maybe we should just keep an eye on them for now, it doesn't look like he's in trouble and we can always ask him about it later."
Just then though as Quinn and Vorden were busy eating their food at their table. Another tray of food was slammed down.
"I hope you two don't mind but I have come to join you," Layla said as she sat down.
As soon as Layla sat at her seat, she couldn't stop staring at Vorden and the same was true for him. In the middle of the two was Quinn. He could feel the heat and tension in the air with both of them and he didn't have a clue what happened.
"So I see that hole in your leg healed up nicely," Layla said
Vorden face started to twitch slightly.
"Hahaha, what are you talking about, sorry my name's Vorden I don't believe we have met," Vorden said pulling out his hand for a shake.
"You are crazy if you think I'm going to shake your hand and you're just going to pretend nothing happened are you?" Layla then turned to Quinn." Quinn can you not see this guy is crazy yet?"
"Don't call me crazy," Vorden said slowly saying each word.
"Hey, hey, I think you both need to calm down," Said Quinn feeling like any second now the two were going to clash in the canteen." I don't even know what happened between the two of you, please explain?"
"This Crazy boy attacked me when I went to your room last night, look," Layla said as she pulled down her uniform slightly to reveal the red marks on her neck." I keep telling you Quinn, he's dangerous, leave him."
Vorden was visibly shaking at this point but it was hard to tell if it was with anger or something else.
"I said don't call me Crazy" And again just like last time. Vorden slowly said each word, one by one.

 
Chapter 39 Tutorial
Judging by the tone of Vorden's voice, it felt like he was going to snap at any second and Layla was prepared for it. She kept her senses on high alert ready to use her ability any second now. Even Quinn was unsure about what Vorden was about to do.
"Vorden, is what Layla said true did you attack her?" Quinn asked in a soft voice hoping to diffuse the situation.
After hearing Quinn Vorden stopped shaking and lifted his head up.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry about attacking you, When I saw Quinn's blood, I thought that maybe the attacker had come back to get revenge. I thought you might have come in to attack Me and Peter as well." Vorden explained," I don't know if you know this but Peter is only a level one, and even though my indicator says I'm a level five, I have to touch people to use my abilities. When you came through the door, I had no choice but to act first."
"How can we even believe you?" Layla said still annoyed by the whole thing. It was clear to her that Vorden was unstable. It was as if his mood and mind were changing all the time. Just seconds ago she felt like Vorden was going to attack her again and all of a sudden he's calm, Layla wasn't buying it.
However, Even Quinn felt like Vorden was acting strange, it seemed like Vorden was always trying to hide something. When Vorden was asked about what happened between him and the second years, and even now with what had happened between him and Layla.
"I'll just leave you to be for now," Vorden said" I'm sorry about what happened. Quinn if you need anything just let me know." He then got out from his seat and left the two of them alone.
"Do you see what I mean?" Layla said," The man is unstable, I understand he might have protected you a few times and he hasn't hurt you yet, but someone like him can hurt you at any time."
Quinn knew what Layla was saying was right. This wasn't the first time Quinn had seen Vorden lash out and it didn't seem like it would be the last either. But for some reason, Quinn was unafraid of Vorden like the others.
All the acts of aggression that Quinn felt, it never felt like it was aimed towards him.
In the hallway, while Vorden was heading to his elemental combat class, He decided to quickly step into an empty classroom on the way. He leaned up against the wall and took a deep breath. As he looked at his hand, blood could be seen.
Vorden had clenched his fist so hard that his own fingernails had pierced his palm.
"Why did you get in my way, we could have taught that girl a lesson."
"What did I tell you, it's because of you we're in this mess in the first place. You attacked her. It's our fault, to begin with."
"Fine, but you understand that if you keep suppressing us, the little one's anger will only build up. The more he thinks Quinn is trying to get away the angrier he will be and then when he takes over. There is nothing me and you can do."
"I won't let it get to that point."
"I'm sorry Quinn for getting you involved in this, but you were just unlucky the little one chose you."
With breakfast over and done with, it was time for Layla and Quinn to head to their beast weapons class. When they entered the room, Fei, Brandon and Loop where nowhere to be seen. Of course, Fei and Brandon were banned from the class and Loop had decided to make a transfer to another Combat class. Loop just wanted to be as far away from Quinn as possible.
Leo stood at the front of the class and was prepared to give out his instructions for today's class.
"Now for today's lesson, it will be individual practise. You have fought for the last couple of days with your weapon. Now you must learn how to get the hang of it. How to make it a part of you. Maybe come up with unique ideas to combine the use of your ability with the weapon. Then tomorrow you shall put today's hard work into practice."
With that, everyone went into a separate space with their weapon. A few of the students sat down and started to think about how they could use their ability with their weapon. One student covered their whip in flames making a fire whip, another held a shield and managed to alter its shape to form spikes.
While Quinn had no clue what to do. His only skill was easy to use and there wasn't much to do with it other than swing his hand but what Quinn wanted to do more than anything, was learn how to fight.
"I wish there was someone who could teach me how to use these things," Quinn said as he sighed.
\< Request of Combat lesson activated \>
\< A suitable weapon is currently in use \>
\< Hand to hand combat Lv. 1 Will now be shown \>
Just then as Quinn said those words, he seemed to have activated something within the system. In front of his eyes, a video started to play.
Quinn quickly looked around him to see if anyone else could see what he was seeing but he seemed to be the only one.
In the video stood a single tall long-haired blonde man, in a large empty room. On his both of hand's he wore two gauntlets similar to Quinn's but looked a lot more powerful and his beauty was unmatched. Something Quinn had never said about a boy before.
There was one other thing that Quinn noticed and it was his piercing red eyes.
"Hello and welcome to hand to hand combat classes for beginners," The blonde man said in a cheery voice." I don't know how much time has passed but if you have come across this video, that means you're one of us. And I hope that the information that is being provided isn't useless in your day and age."
The appearance of the man and the man's words made Quinn think about who exactly the man was in a video and he had good reason to believe that he was a vampire.

 
Chapter 40 Taken away
As Quinn diligently watched the blonde man in the video, he noticed several things that he read about in fantasy novels that all pointed to the tall man being a vampire. The ghastly pale skin, the beautiful looks and finally, the red eyes. Not only that but the man in the video also stated that Quinn was one of them.
If Quinn was trying to understand the meaning behind his words, the man was stating that he was a Vampire. Although there was also some other strange wording the man had said as well. The fact that he didn't know how much time had passed. Did it mean the video was made a long time ago, was the man in the video even still alive?
For now, Quinn had to put all of the questions he had to the side, as there was nothing he could do to confirm it.
The video continued to play, and the tall blonde man started to speak again.
"To whomever, this video happens to be shown to, I will now demonstrate a set of skills that you should be able to perform at your level. Our kind and or abilities work best when we use a weapon that covers our hands."
The man then proceeded to get into a fighting stance.
"I will cover two sets of basic moves and it's up to you to learn them and figure out how to use them in fights. If you forget, feel free to open up your system at any time and watch the videos again."
"The first move is a defensive move; I call it Flash step. To perform this, if the system has been set up correctly, you will need at least 15 points of agility."
The man then proceeded to perform the flash step. He crouched down and moved to another corner of the room in an instant, at the same time an afterimage of him was being shown.
"Now this skill uses up a lot of stamina so even if you have enough Agility points to perform this skill, be careful not to wear yourself out. I would only use it when avoiding a fatal blow or going in for an attack. Please also make note that although the move is fast and hard to be seen by the naked eye, at most it can only move you at the distance of five meters."
Looking at the move, Quinn straight away realised how handy it would be to have something like this. In his last fight against Loop, he could have avoided several blows at the last second. The only thing was it was a shame that Quinn currently didn't have enough Agility points to practise the move.
"The next skill I will show you is the Hammer strike."
Once again, the man got in a fighting stance, this time he lifted his right foot and slammed it onto the ground while at the same time he pulled back his left hand and threw out his right hand. All of this was done in one smooth motion. Just from watching the video, Quinn could see that the air had slightly moved."
"Cool right," the man said smiling." For this skill, you will need at least 15 strength as well. That is all for today, when you are ready, the next set of hand to hand combat classes will be unlocked for you. If you want a slowed down and more detailed version of these videos, they will be saved in your system. Good luck my friend and I wish you all the best."
After the man had finished talking the video immediately ended. As Quinn opened up his system there was now an extra Tab that stated tutorial and in it, were two videos of the skills he had just been shown. When watching the videos, it was just as the man had said.
The video contained slowed down versions of the skills the man had recently performed, there was even detailed commentary on how the skills would work and what you needed to do.
Quinn couldn't help but think who this guy was. The way he spoke clearly meant he knew about the system. Did that mean he was the creator of the Book Quinn's parents had left him?
But it was hard for Quinn to remember meeting anyone like the man in the video. He didn't even know what his parents faces looked like that well.
Whatever it was, he was happy that the system was starting to help him out more. He felt like the system at first had given him a hard time giving him Quests to drink blood and drawbacks such as halving his stats while in the sun.
But now Quinn was starting to feel happy that he had discovered the system more than ever.
Quinn immediately started to watch the Hammer strike video. As long as he wore the gauntlets, he technically had more than 15 strength. He wasn't sure if that counted but there was no harm in trying.
But as Quinn was watching the video, Leo had come up and approached him.
"Quinn, I'm afraid I have some bad news." Leo said, that's when Quinn also noticed two military men were standing behind."
"I'm afraid you will have to follow these men; they have a few questions they would like to ask you. Don't worry I will be coming to."
With that one guard held Quinn, while the other held Leo.
"Hey, what's going on over there." The students said noticing the commotion.
"Is he being taken somewhere?"
"Students we shall be back in while." Said Leo," Please continue to watch and if I spot any of you slacking or breaking the rules, you know the consequences."
A few moments later and the two of them were teleported into a small square room. There were no windows and a few lights above them. Inside the room was a single table with a hooded female sat on one side and an empty chair on the other. Standing behind the female was a man who had the rank of general on his clothing.
"Please sit." The general said.
Quinn did as he was told and sat in the empty seat, but with the atmosphere, in the room, he couldn't help but feel nervous.
"Don't look so worried boy, as long as you have done nothing wrong, you have nothing to worry about."

 
Chapter 41 Was it you?
A million thoughts started to race through Quinn's mind. Had they found out about his ability? Were they going to force him to give it up and hand it over? Or had loop informed them that he had killed Brandon and they were now going to punish him for it.
Although Quinn was trying his best to calm down, it was nearly impossible. As he sat in the seat, he could feel his heart beating as if it was trying to escape from his chest.
"Boy, calm down," Leo said," I think even the others can hear your heartbeat."
"Now before we begin, I would like to inform you of a few things." The Sargent said." A student by the name of Brandon Richardson has passed away recently. Now your teacher here has informed me that he and another student Named Fei Lan had attacked you during combat classes yesterday. Now not only has one of the students passed away but Fei was also admitted to the hospital late last night."
So it was something to do with Brandon's death after all.
"We currently have no leads to what happened to Brandon, so that eventually led us to you. Although its hard to believe someone with no ability like you could do something like this, there is always a way. The woman sitting opposite you here has the ability to detect whether someone is telling the truth or not. Now please proceed with her demands".
"It's okay," the lady said," I just need you to place your hand over mine."
As Quinn placed his hand over hers, he suddenly felt a calming feeling enter his body.
\< An Ability has been detected \>
\< Unable to block the user's ability \>
"Now tell me, did you kill Brandon Richardson last night?" She asked.
The calming feeling allowed Quinn to answer naturally. He felt like he was suddenly floating on top of clouds.
"No, I did not."
The woman carried on holding Quinn's hand and eventually let go.
"He's telling the truth."
"As I said, I couldn't believe he would do something like this." Leo said," I mean how would it even be possible, he's only a level one."
"It looks like we no longer have any leads. It's a shame but an accident like this happens from time to time. It is expected." The Sargent said." I'm sorry for wasting your time, feel free to head back to class."
With the questioning over the two guards grabbed Leo and Quinn by the arm once again and a few moments later were teleported back to the Weapons hall.
"Boy your heartbeat was starting to give me doubts that you were hiding something." Said Leo," But I'm glad you were not the culprit otherwise I would have lost a promising student."
With that said, Leo started to walk around the room and give advice out to the other students. That's when Layla had come over to where Quinn was.
"What happened, is everything okay?"
"Yeah, it seems like it will be for now at least," Quinn replied.
Quinn explained to Layla what had happened at the integration. At first, she was even shocked to hear that Brandon had died but was happy to find out that Quinn was now completely cleared of suspicion. But as she thought about it more, she started to think who in their right mind would be crazy enough to kill a student and for what reason.
"Hey Quinn, you might not like what I'm about to say but do you think maybe Vorden did it?"
"What makes you say that, did something happen between Vorden and Brandon/"
"No I mean, is it not strange that Vorden approached you in the first place, He's a level 5 user while you're just a level one and when he attacked me the other day he kept shouting about you. And trust me the guy seems crazy enough to do something like that?"
"Really, but why? It's not like me and Vorden have known each other for long. Do you really think anyone would go to the extreme just for something like this?"
"Yeah even if I do think he's crazy, I don't think he's that crazy."
With that, the two continued to practise their combat classes. Although Quinn was trying his best to learn the hammer strike move, he couldn't concentrate. He kept thinking about the words that Layla had said. Right now there were no suspects to Brandon's death and Vorden had acted oddly a view times.
And the last thing was the fact that Vorden wasn't in his room when Quinn arrived back last night. Just what was he doing so late?
As the combat classes had ended, Layla and Quinn decided to hang out with each other for a while. There were a few tests both of them wanted to do with Quinn's ability. Quinn wanted to find a way to stop the sun from affecting him and learn about it more.
While Layla wanted to see if there was any way she could be turned into a vampire. But as they walked out of the Weapons hall and out onto the ground floor. Them and several other first-year students had been stopped.
The people stopping them were second-year students and they had asked al the first-year students to gather at the assembly hall.
"Just what is going on?" Layla said.
"I have no idea," Quin replied
Of course, the second-year students were powerful and the first-year students had no choice but to agree. Even the higher power levels had agreed to come afraid something might happen.
Around a hundred of the first-year students had gathered in the assembly hall, around them was not a single teacher but just several of the second-year students. Up on the stage, the curtains were drawn and in front of it stood Momo.
"Welcome every single one of you." Momo said," Today we have a special event, a special message to all you first years. You see there has been someone going around trying to go against us, thinking he can break the precious system that has been around for years in this school. I am here to tell you that this is what happens to those who do not obey."
Momo pulled down on a piece of string and the curtains on the stage started to be open up, as the curtains moved away slowly it started to reveal a student who had been tied up and placed on a large piece of wood. The student was bloody and had markings of being beaten everywhere.
"Vorden?!" Quinn said.

 
Chapter 42 Target Practise
Finally, the first-year students had gathered in the assembly hall as asked. There was chatter amongst themselves as there seemed to be no sign of any teachers and only the second-year students. It was easy to tell the difference between years with students, as there was a rank embed on their shirt that told the difference.
"Is everyone here?" Momo Asked.
"Yes, everyone from Del's class and the weapon's combat class should be here."
"Let's start the show then."
At that moment Momo pulled a piece of string pulling back the curtains reviling what was behind them. As the curtains were drawn, a badly beaten up Vorden was on display, tied to a large wooden plank.
Just then several of the second-year students pulled out carts that seemed to be filled with large black circular stones. Momo picked up one of the round balls and held it in his hand.
"This here is a metal ball that had been embedded with the power of a beast crystal." Said Momo," When the earth had found a way to mix the beast crystal with our own weapons, it was a turning point in the war, but what they don't teach you as first years, is that beast weapons need to be activated with your ability. Once activated they can give out extra power. The higher the beast crystal used to make the weapon, the higher the power."
Quinn watching the whole thing couldn't help but look at the badly beaten up Vorden. He was wondering how on earth Momo could stand there and talk so casually as if he was giving a presentation to the whole class.
"So us second years have decided to give you from the beast weapons class and some of you other first-year students a shortcut. Today we will show you how to activate a beast weapon using these balls."
That's when a first-year student raised his hand to ask a question.
"Um excuse me, but does any of the teachers know about this?"
For a moment there was silence, even the first years couldn't believe why someone would ask that in this situation. It was obvious that this was being done behind the teacher's backs.
Then a second-year student had come from the side of the assembly hall and immediately punched the student who asked the question in the face. The second-year student repeatedly punched the person until he eventually passed out.
"Are there any more questions?" Momo asked.
The first-year students stood there silent in fear. They didn't want to say anything especially after they had seen what happened to the boy who had just asked a question.
"Good." Momo said before continuing," Now to explain, these beast stones here were made with the purpose to help you activate your equipment so, to be honest, they're quite useless but they are handy for demonstrating. Just like when you activate your ability in your body, you need to concentrate on the ball in front of you. Think of it as a part of your body and focus your ability on it."
The stone ball being held in Momo's hand suddenly went from a black to a green colour.
"Now usually your weapons wouldn't change colour when activated but as I said earlier these balls are you just for the sake of helping you learn how to activate your weapons. Once the colour has changed that means it has been activated and its strength has increased. Now today we will be practising, target hitting."
The second-year students then moved Vorden down from the stage and onto the floor with the other first-year students.
"The bored here is special you see, even a bullet wouldn't be able to penetrate through it, only the power of a beast weapon can, so today's lesson is to throw the ball and hit the target. Simple right?"
"What, is this really allowed?"
"Won't we get into trouble for doing something like this."
"What do you mean, the teachers don't care when we got beat before why would they care about something like this now. The second years are doing this only because they know they can get away with it. They have been here longer than us."
Momo started to look at the crowd, when his eyes finally had met with Quinn's.
"Oh, I almost forgot, the crazy boy here has been targeting us second years one by one, thinking we wouldn't notice. Not only did he not head our warning but he completely ignored it and came after us. We dealt with him in this very hall back then but he still didn't listen. Now, this is a warning to you all. This is what happens to those who try to disrupt the flow in school."
The second years then poured out the crates of black beast stones and they all fell out and rolled onto the ground floor. There were more than enough stones there for each student to throw at least one ball at Vorden.
"Now who wants to go first." One of the second students said." Hurry now if no one want's to volunteer then I will just have to pick one of you."
As expected not a single person had volunteered. The students were cruel to those who were weaker to them but not like this. Usually, it would be a case of just better treatment but it seemed like the second years were targeting Vorden. Whatever Vorden had done, he really had annoyed them.
"Alright then, you the girl with the brown hair, you go first." The second-year student said as he put one of the balls in her hand.
"I… I can't," She said.
"Really, well if you can't then why don't we place you on the bored instead?"
The girl's face suddenly sunk. She was only a level 2 ability user and she had taken her fair share of punishment but this seemed too much and she didn't want to be on the receiving end of it.
The girl then started to look to around her side to see if anyone, a single person would stand up for her, but they all looked away trying to avoid eye contact.
"Good, you know what to do now right?"
As the girl looked at the ball in her hand she started to concentrate. The ball then started to light up the faintest shade of green possible.
"To be expected of only a level 2 user, a weak colour. Oh well, not to worry, if you throw hard enough the ball will still hit its target so don't worry. Now if you hit the boy on the board, we will give you a perfect score."
The female hesitated for a bit as she closed her eyes.
"Throw it!" the boy said.
Knowing that she could delay it no longer. she threw the ball with all her strength, however, the ball was heavy and managed to just fall short of where Vorden was, not even reaching him.
"Get out of here." The boy said and the female quickly left." Next!"
The next student was a male, he had the ability level of 2.5 but when he held the ball it managed to change in colour more activating the beast core's powers. Unlike the female, the boy didn't hesitate as much, as he had much time to think about what he needed to do.
He threw the ball hard and the ball managed to hit Vorden straight in the stomach. The impact was hard and Vorden, coughed out blood over the floor.
"You see that, now that was perfect, that is exactly how everyone should throw the ball."
Layla and Quinn had been at the back this whole time watching everything. As they were one of the last ones to enter the room and even though Layla had her grudges against Vorden, she knew this wasn't right.
"Those Bastards, how could they do something like that, Quinn go call Leo, if it's him he might stop this mess." But as Layla turned around to look at where Quinn was, he was nowhere to be seen.
"Pick me! I want to give it a try." Quinn said with a smile. standing at the front of the students.
Just what was the crazy boy thinking, Layla was stunned as she watched Quinn.

 
Chapter 43 Fighting Back
As Quinn volunteered himself next, Nano couldn't help but think he was up to something. He knew the two of them were friends so why would he volunteer?
In a way, this whole demonstration was to show the first years that they were to obey the second year's command.
Every year it had become a sort of tradition at the academy. A similar thing had happened to them when they were first years. A display that there was a power far greater than them and they were not to become cocky.
To show them that there was something greater ahead, this would draw them to the fact that they needed more power.
It would strive for them to work harder. It was never meant to get this far. At first, they had given Voorden a simple warning.
Then Vorden was the one who first started to attack the second years. At the time Nano and the others decided to show them his place. They dealt with Vorden on his own or so they thought. He continued to disobey their commands and still came after weaker second-year students one by one.
That's when they decided to punish him publicly, this way it would solve all future trouble makers and showed them what happened to them.
Quinn started to look around at all the second years in the room. There were a total of eight second-year students standing by the edge of the hall, four on each side that had around fifty first-year students surrounded. There were also two students by Vorden, one on each side of the board. These students were the weakest of the bunch.
Each of them had a power level 2 displayed on the watches. Even though they were second years they all followed Momo which meant they were weaker than him. There was the chance that they had already learnt how to use a soul weapon but it was unlikely.
They had only just become second years so there wasn't much chance for them to learn anything. However, the real problem was Momo and the people by his side. Momo stood there with the power Level of six and the two beside him where Level fours.
It was unlikely that any of the first years would help Quinn out and even the strongest first year in the room was Erin and even she was a level five. It was no wonder even though the first years outnumbered them they were afraid.
As Quinn held the ball in his hand a message had appeared.
\< Basic tier beast weapon: Round ball \>
\< Would you like to activate? \>
\< Strength of weapon will increase by five percent \>
The Percentage stood out to him, it was the same number his gauntlets gave when using them. Perhaps Quinn didn't need to figure out how to activate the beast weapons as Momo had said. It seemed like the system would do everything for him.
\<Activate\>
The black ball started to glow, it glowed brighter than any of the balls the other students had held before.
"How is that possible, he was able to activate the basic tier weapon fully?" Momo thought," That means its strength has increased by at least five percent. If he had a higher tier weapon I wonder if he could the same. Wasn't he just a useless level 1?"
Quinn then walked in front of where Vorden was standing. There was now a good five meters of distance between the two.
"Why do we have these powers." Quinn said out loud," Isn't it to protect ourselves, to fight those who harm our friends and family."
Vorden hearing Quinn's words started to lift his head. he had a feeling he knew what Quinn was planning to do.
"Quinn? No, don't what are you doing?" Vorden mumbled but was unheard.
"I have taken a beating my whole life and I was weak back then, what do I care if I take another beating now."
Quinn then chucked the ball using all his strength as hard as he could. With the 16 points of strength and the added 5 percent power, the ball came out lightning fast as it left his fingertips.
Instead of the ball hitting Vorden though like everyone suspected, it landed straight in the student's stomach standing by the side of the board.
The power was so strong that the student was lifted off his feet and knocked out in one blow.
\< 50 exp gained \>
\< 175/400 Exp \>
"What the hell are you guys doing standing there, get him!" Momo shouted.
Quinn knew there wasn't much he could do against all the second-year students so he wanted to create as much havoc as possible. The two-level four students who stood by Momo side started to come towards him but instead of Quinn running toward them, he suddenly ran towards the crowd of first-years behind him.
He bent down and picked up two more of the black balls on the floor and started to head for the weaker students around the side while weaving in between the first-year students. Then when he was within distance, he had found his targets.
The weak level twos who were standing by the side.
Once again he threw out another two black balls aiming for them at full strength, one of the students managed to avoid the black ball but the other wasn't so lucky getting hit and knocked out.
\< 50 exp gained\>
\< 225/ 400 Exp \>
This was Quinn's plan, so far every level up Quinn was able to obtain an ability, he didn't know what he would get but he sure hoped it would help him win the fight. There were enough second-year students for him to take on to cause a level up.
He then went back into the crowd to pick up even more balls while making sure to use the other students as cover.
"What are you guys doing, to anyone who manages to hit or capture that guy they will be free from any form of punishment!" Mono said.
The first-year students started to look at each other. They didn't want to be involved in the first place and were unsure of what to do.
"Why should we listen to you." Layla said," Just a second ago you dealt with one of us for asking a question, who knows whether we can trust you or not."
"Fine you don't want to help, attack them all."
Just then the two-level four students who were chasing after Quinn no longer cared about injuring the first years. The two people started to gather up their abilities. One of them swung out their arm and with it, a large line of water came out at them.
But before it could even reach any of the students, an ice ball was shot out and froze the water attack in place, causing it to fall to the ground.
The person responsible stepped forward and drew her sword out.
"I wasn't going to get involved but you guys attacked me first," Erin said.
"Hah even if you're a level higher than us, do you really think you can take on two-level fours."
Just then an arrow came shooting out aiming for one of the students but before it could reach him, an earth wall was raised.
"She won't be alone," Layla said.
To be honest, at first, Layla wasn't planning to get involved. If Quinn wanted to take a beating there was no reason for her to get one with him. However, she too had experienced mistreatment in the school.
Layla had no idea how strong Quinn really was but felt like he must have had some sought of a plan to fight back and it now looked like the first year students were going to get hurt anyway.
With Layla and Erin distracting the other high levels in the room, Quinn felt like this was his chance to deal with the rest of the level twos. However, it wasn't going to be as easy as he thought.
Out from the side, a long thin object came lashing out at him.
Is was too fast for Quinn to react causing him to be hit across his body. Not only did the attack pierce his chest but it also sent him tumbling to the ground.
\< 13/20 HP\>
"7 points of HP with one attack, just what was that?" Quinn thought looking at what had just hit him.
Coming towards him was Momo, in his hand, he held a beast weapon whip by his side.
"You have caused so much trouble." Momo said," I don't know how you can activate the beast weapons so well, and your surprise attacks seemed to work but you will always be a weak level one."
Before Quinn could even get up, he was already surrounded by the other six second-year students.
Vorden watching the whole thing from the board felt useless.
"I have to help him, he's only getting hurt because of me this is all my fault," Vorden said.
"If you want to help him, then let me take over." A voice said in Vorden's head.

 
Chapter 44 Finally Free
Inside the assembly hall, there was one boy who was unsure of what to do and that was Peter. He had been there the whole time from the very beginning but chose to hide in the crowd so he wouldn't get picked. When he saw Quinn come to the stage to try help Vorden, he felt even more guilty.
Why? Because the whole reason Vorden was tied up on the slab in the first place was because of him. The other day when the second years came to see Peter, they had come with a proposal. Help them get Vorden to come to the assembly hall and he would be protected by the second years.
Of course, Peter felt like he had no choice. If he refused the second years there and then, they would have tortured him until he agreed anyway. So what was the use of fighting back if the end result was the same?
After their combat classes had finished, Peter had asked Vorden to go with him to the assembly hall to help him further practise. When they entered the room, the second-year students included Momo where hiding waiting for him.
When the time was right, they all came out at once and jumped him. But what had surprised Peter was in that instant, Vorden had turned and pushed Peter out of the way.
"Run, I'm sorry this is all my fault," Vorden said.
Vorden thought the second years had targeted him because of what he had been doing in his free time. He had been fighting the second-year students when they were all on their own, trying to weaken Momo's gang one by one.
Not knowing what to do, Peter ran out of the room, only later to return with everyone else. Then when he saw Quinn, someone who was just as weak as him, stand up to the second years, Peter felt a pain in his heart so strong. He had betrayed them.
But Peter was going to make things right, while no one was looking and everyone attention was focused on the fights around them, Peter had managed to leave the assembly hall.
Meanwhile, at the centre of the assembly hall, Erin and Layla were busy confronting the two-level four students.
The first years had spread out making sure not to get hurt in the crossfire but at the same time doing nothing to help. It was unclear who the winner would be and they felt like if they joined the wrong side it would only make things worse for them.
"Hey, do you mind if we switch." One of the second-year students said," My water abilities are weak against her?"
"I see so you want the level, 2 user, huh." The other student replied." Oh well, just finish her off quickly."
With that, the two-second years charged in for the attack. The water ability user went after Layla, while the earth user went after Erin.
As the earth user got closer, he stomped the ground and a spiked earth mound followed, heading right for Erin. But Erin remained calm, as the spike came towards her, she slashed her sword and with a single strike, cut the spike in half causing it to fall to the ground.
"What the? That beast weapon, if it cut through my earth ability is it an advanced tier beast weapon?��� The earth user thought.
However, he didn't have much time to think, with her other hand Erin had formed an ice spear and threw it towards her opponent. The earth user lifted his arms causing a wall of earth blocking the attack.
He then moved his hands apart and at the same time the wall he had created, split in two but when the view in front of him was clear, Erin was nowhere to be seen.
Suddenly, he felt his legs start to feel cold. When he looked down, he noticed they were starting to freeze.
"For a second-year level four earth user, you are incredibly weak." Before the boy could react, Erin had whacked him in the back of the head with the hilt of her sword. Then as he fell to the ground, she froze his arms and limbs in place making sure he would stay on the ground.
"How did she win so easy?" The first-year students watching said.
"Yeah, shouldn't a match between a level four and five user be closer than that, and he was a second-year student."
"Maybe they aren���t as strong as we thought?"
Usually, a fight with a level four and five users would be a lot closer, especially considering the other student was a second year. But there was a major difference between the two fighters and that was something called, fighting IQ.
No matter how strong someone's ability was or how powerful a punch they packed, you needed to know how to use your abilities and when. This could be improved with experience or some people were just naturally gifted. For Erin, she had always fallen into the gifted category.
Although Erin had finished her match quickly, the same couldn't be said for Layla. Her attacks were basically useless. As an archer, her skills were best used when surprising her opponent and when there was a distance between the two.
Here she had neither of them. Every attack of hers was met with a wall of water that would stop her arrows in their tracks and finally when she was tired. The second-year student threw out his fist and a ball of water came out towards her.
It hit her dead in the stomach and sent her flying back towards the front of the hall near Vorden.
The water user started running after her planning to finish her, Layla seeing this struggled but was to hurt to get up.
"Hey you, free me, I can deal with him."
"What?" Layla said as she looked up noticing that it was Vorden who was speaking to her.
"Come on hurry, we don't have much time touch my leg."
Layla hesitated for a moment. She still had remembered what had happened when the two of them were in the room, she still had an odd feeling in her gut telling her Vorden was a bad person but right now it was the only person she could rely on.
She crawled over to Vorden's side and touched his leg as he had asked. Then the shackles tied around Vorden's arms and legs started shaking.
"Come on, help me you bitch!" Vorden shouted at her.
Vorden was using Layal's telekinesis ability but it was weak, it wasn't strong enough to break from the shackles. Layla then lifted her hand and with the two of them working together, the shackles were finally removed and Vorden was free.
He started to rotate his wrist as if he was getting used to his body. He shook his limbs out and started to jump up and down.
"Finally, I get to come out, it's been a long time."
As the water user continued to run forward now that Vorden was free, he was more cautious. The last time they had fought with him in the assembly hall they remembered Vorden having earth powers. At the time the last person he had touched was Peter.
Vorden then started to laugh hysterically and charged towards the water user. It was an unexpected move, the water user panicked and threw out two lines of Water blades. These where just as sharp as an attack from a regular blade but could be thrown out.
As the blades came towards him, at the last second Vorden managed to twist his body in an odd way avoiding both of the blades. He then lifted one of the black balls from the ground using his telekinesis and threw it out.
However, the attack was easy for the water user to block, forming a water wall stopping the ball but then *Crack. Something was felt on the back of his leg and at the same time a crunching sound was heard, the boy immediately fell to one knee.
As he looked at Vorden in front of him, he could only see Vorden with his hands held out. Then another striking pain was felt through his body, this time on his other ankle.
Without realising it, Vorden had attacked him from behind, pulling the other black balls towards him. The water user was two focused on the attack in front he never thought about an attack from behind. Also, it had come as a surprise to him that Vorden was not an earth user as he thought.
Vorden then lifted up two more black balls and swung his hands down. At the same time, the balls came rushing down at a crazy speed hitting the student in the forearms, breaking them at the same time.
The student screamed in pain and with his arm's mangled, he could no longer use his water ability as he could before.
"Finally, I, Raten have returned.

 
Chapter 45 Seeing the future
The second-year students had Quinn completely surrounded, as he took a step forward to try to break out of the encirclement, a wind strike came towards him. He managed to lift his hand to block the attack but at the same, another slash was felt against his back.
\< 12/20 HP \>
The attacks continued with a mixture of abilities but most of them were weak elemental abilities such as level 2 wind users and earth users. However, when he was being attacked from all sides, the attacks quickly added up.
Quinn continued to block strikes coming from the front of him but still was hit from all sides.
\< 11/20 HP \>
\< 10/20 HP \>
\< 9/20 HP \>
There was a constant cycle. Once he was injured to a certain degree Quinn's blood bank would auto-activate and heal him, but even with the blood bank, there was no getting out of this one. But he knew this would happen to some degree. He never expected to win in the first place.
Ignoring the pain of the strikes and instead of trying to avoid all the attacks. He rushed forward towards one of the students. This time two hits had hit him from each side, casing two big slashes on his body.
\< 8/20 HP \>
\< 7/20 HP \>
But he didn't care, his speed was quick and using the strength in his legs he was able to move himself forward and grabbed one of the second-year students. He quickly went behind the student grabbing his arm and at the same time kept one of his claws towards the student's neck using him as a meat shield.
The second years were hesitant to attack afraid they might hit their fellow classmate. Quinn continued to walk backwards with the student until his back was up against the wall.
"Me and you both know you're not going to hurt him Quinn." Momo said," If you attack too deep and kill him, you'll be in trouble, attack to shallow and we will pounce on you and make you wish you were dead."
Quin hated to admit it but Momo was right, he couldn't kill the student and at the same time the second he turned his back to them they would take him out so Quinn was left with only one thing.
He no longer had his claw hand out but then started to choke the student from behind wrapping his arm around his neck. He used his strength and carried on until he eventually passed out.
\< 50 exp gained \>
\< 275/400 exp \>
"No point wasting good exp," Quinn said.
As soon as the student fell to the ground the attacks came out fast and furious from the others. Quinn was able to block most of them now his back was up against the wall, he started dodging a lot of the strikes, which made him think back to the test centre.
The situation he was in was similar to the agility test where holographic spikes came at him. However, these attacks were more powerful and were greater in number, eventually, Quinn let a strike get in.
\< 6/ 20 Hp \>
Suddenly the attacks had stopped and Momo had stood forward with his whip in his hand. Seeing the Whip Quinn remembered that a single attack last time had brought his HP down by seven points. If he was to receive another attack form it right now, he would be brought down to below 0.
Quinn still didn't know what happened when his HP would reach 0 but at the same time, this wasn't the time to find out. He had no choice, he would have to use the blood bank to heal himself. Even if the others did see him use this, it wouldn't reveal he was a vampire but they would just think it was some type of self-healing ability.
The problem was Quinn had already displayed abnormal strength. If he then displayed abnormal healing, things wouldn't add up. A student couldn't have two abilities apart from rare cases, which meant it would only lead to Quinn being asked more questions.
Just as Quinn was deciding what to do, Momo sensed something and moved his head at the last second. As he did a black ball came flying through the air and went past his head, then the black ball stopped mid-air and suddenly started moving back towards Momo.
Momo lashed his whip at the ball slicing it in half. As he turned around, he saw Vorden standing there, when he looked to see what had happened to the rest of the second years, he could see a few had already been taken down and those who hadn't been, were busy engaging in combat with Layla and Erin.
"So you got free huh?" Momo said," Do you not remember what happened to you last time the two of us fought?" Momo taunted.
"Last time you fought against that weakling, this time you're fighting me." Raten said," I'm not as nice as Vorden."
Raten lifted both hands, and with it, two more black balls of the ground lifted up. Vorden swung his hands in the air and the black balls followed the same path.
There was no need for Vorden to use his hands when using his telekinesis ability but it allowed him to focus his mind better. Doing this moved the balls at greater speed and precision, after all, he wouldn't be able to use it as well as Layla who had the ability most her life.
The balls flowed a similar pattern to his hands, Striking at different directions. However, Momo would simply step forward, move back or turn his body slightly avoiding each of the balls. He then grew tired and grabbed one of the balls mid-air that was heading straight for his face.
"Looks like you really don't remember what happened last time?" Momo clenched his fist tightly destroying the black ball held in his hands. He then swung his whip destroying the other without even looking where it was.
Quinn wanted to help. While Momo's back was turned he tried to go in for a strike but before he even took a step, the whip came flying out and landed just in front of him.
"Don't even think about it," Momo said.
Before Quinn had taken a single step, Momo had already acted. Then Quinn waited once again for the right moment and when he thought it was right, he tried moving in again but the same thing had happened, Momo swung at his whip before Quinn had moved.
"It can't be?" Quinn thought, So far Momo hadn't displayed anything reviling his ability but just now and how he had acted before, it seemed like it was part of his ability.
There were two guesses Quinn had, he either had some type of mind-reading ability or future seeing ability.
If that was the case then the fight ahead would be a tough battle.

 
Chapter 46 The difference
Quinn's guess about Momo was nearly spot on. Momo could see two seconds ahead into the future, although it wasn't as clear as others might think.
His ability was activated through his eyes. When he turned on his ability a new type of vision would appear.
Everywhere Momo looked there was an outline of what a person or object was going to do next. When Momo's back was turned and the black ball had come towards him. He could slightly feel the outline of the ball touching him. Allowing him to move his head just in time.
Just two seconds before Quinn has even begun moving towards Momo, his outline had already shown where and what Quinn was planning to do.
It was a strong ability that took years for Momo to get a hang of at first. Just because one could see the future didn't help out in any other aspects. Momo strength, speed and reaction time all had to be trained with his ability.
Even though Momo's ability was a rare one that was available on the market place, not many people opted for it for these reasons.
But Quinn wasn't the only one who had figured out Momo's ability. Raten had as well.
"Who cares if you know what I'm going to do!" Raten shouted," All I need to do, is do something you can't block." Ratan then started running towards him.
Momo swung his whip, while Ratan held out his hand slowing the whip down with his telekinesis ability, the whip slowed down enough allowing him to jump over the strike.
Then with his other hand, something started to form. It looked like water was starting to surround his hand.
With another swing, a water blade followed. Momo quickly moved to the side avoiding one strike but what quickly followed was a barrage of water strikes.
Then at the same time from behind, another two black balls had been lifted and were coming right at him.
Momo could see the black balls coming at him and he knew he could do nothing but take a hit. He opted to avoid the water strikes, the more powerful of the attacks and moved so the balls would hit his back.
After being hit with the black balls, Momo moved away from Vorden creating distance between the two.
"I have to admit, I didn't expect you to be able to use two abilities, you didn't do something like this last time. It looks like you were hiding a trump card after all." Momo said," But you weren't the only one holding back last time."
While in his right hand he held a whip, something started to form in his left hand. At first, it looked just like a bunch of light particles forming something but then eventually another whip appeared. Only this felt and looked different, as if it was alive almost.
Just from holding it alone, the whip would continuously move like a snake.
"Let me show you the difference between the second years and first years," Momo said.
Even though Erin was currently busy fighting the other second-year students, she couldn't help but sense the power in the room.
"So he has one, after all huh, a soul weapon."
While the distance between Momo and the others were far away, Layla had managed to make a break and get away from the other second-year students. Honestly, Erin was doing fine dealing with them on her own and she wasn't much help in the first place.
She Quickly went to Quinn's side and could see he was badly injured. It wasn't so much that he couldn't move but enough to say he was out of the fight for now at least.
"Do you need some blood?" Layla whispered.
"No I'm fine, I'm not in any danger don't worry about that, I just don't want to reveal anything in front of all these people."
"I understand," Layla said as she then looked at Vorden." Your friend, I hate to admit it but he's strong."
"Yeah." After looking at Vorden now and seeing how he fought so skillfully as if he had done it a hundred times before and he was even using two abilities effortlessly. Quinn quickly realised there wasn't much he knew about Vorden and that he probably had his very own secrets that he was hiding from everyone similar to himself.
But again, instead of escaping when he was freed and running away, he had decided to come help. Although Quinn wasn't strong enough to help now, in the future he would repay back this kindness.
Now with Momo's soul weapon, the confidence in him grew. He swung his soul whip and it started to move at lightning speed. In response, Raten created a wall of water with one hand and started to slow down the whip with the other but the telekinesis ability was useless and didn't seem to do anything to slow the whip down.
Then when the whip had reached the wall of water, it suddenly grew in length and had wrapped around Raten's arm. Momo pulled forward dragging Ratan to the ground and then swung out his other whip lashing against his back.
Raten tried rolling to avoid the lashes but it seemed like the whip was following him, predicting where he would roll to next. Raten had been lashed several times and now his back was covered in blood.
Then with Raten's other hand, he formed a small water blade. He knew that the whip would be too strong to cut, so instead he went for his own hand complexly cutting it off from his own body.
The whip was no longer attached to his body and at the same time so was his hand. Although unlike one would expect for blood to be drawn everywhere. Raten was using an absurd amount of energy concentrating to stop his blood from spewing out from the wound with the telekinesis ability.
And he honestly didn't know how much longer he could keep it up.
"Damn you!" Raten shouted," If only this body wasn't so hurt from before. Now you have gone and done it, you think a soul weapon is strong enough to defeat us? Well, think again. Little one it's your turn. It's time to give this man hell!"
Just then though the doors to the assembly hall were swung wide open and in came a tall silver-haired female and standing behind her was Peter.
"I command everyone to halt this instant," She said," If anyone does not obey this command prepare to be punished."

 
Chapter 47 Second year - head
The woman standing next to Peter had long silver hair that went down to her waist. On her head, she was wearing a beret and be her side was her trusty rapier sword that was jagged and looked to be made from a long beast bone.
She had a feeling that resonated off her body, she looked like the older sister type who you were able to trust to get you out of trouble when you needed it.
As soon as she had entered the room, at that moment everyone froze all incept for one student. A second-year who was too heated in the moment, he had finally seen Erin drop her guard.
He continued to charge forward and was ready to attack but before even a second could pass, the female teacher who had entered the room was right by the student's side and a few moments later he had collapsed on the floor with the back of his foot all bloody.
"When did she get over there?"
"Hey look at his ankles, do you think she did that?"
As Momo looked at who had entered the room, he immediately put his soul weapon away. Momo knew a lot of the teachers and high position people in the academy. After all, he had already been here a year and the person who had entered the room was not to be messed with.
When she said whoever didn't listen to her would be punished, she meant it. The female's name was Fay Dallum. She was a sergeant at the academy and was mostly in charge of squad training.
"Anyone else but her," Momo said.
Not only that but her ability was super speed, the worst matchup for Momo, no matter how far ahead he could see in the future, her speed was simply was just to fast to react. Not that he had planned to go against her anyway, he had already made that mistake last year when Fay was still only a private at the academy.
"Those of you who are injured go to the doctor's office to be treated immediately, while the rest of you head to the dorms and stay inside until you are called out again. Do you understand?" Fay said.
Most of the first-year students were silenced. They had no clue who she was or what was happening right now.
Then from the lack of people answering her with a reply. Fay drew her rapier once more and after seeing this the students immediately answered," Yes Miss."
Vorden had gone to the hospital carrying his arm in his hand. The second-year students went to their own separate part of the building that was located somewhere else to get treated, while out of the first-year students, no one was really hurt apart from Vorden and Quinn.
This time Quinn had no choice but to head to the doctor's office. His clothes were all bloody and he had lost a lot of blood but once he had been out of combat for more than 10 minutes, his body started to heal itself.
After successfully attaching Vordans arm back to his body, Hayley the school doctor had gone up to check on Quinn. When she asked him to take off his shirt so she could directly heal his wounds, she noticed that the markings had mostly already healed.
"What is this? For this much blood, the wounds should be a lot bigger."
Quinn started to laugh nervously.
"Yeah, my friend has a healing ability and managed to heal me a bit before I got here."
"Oh another healer." Hayley said surprised," Well if you get the chance send them down here, their ability is quite good and it looks like they have done a splendid job. I could do with help and I would love to have a student of my own."
"Sure," Quinn replied.
Hayley then proceeded to complete healing the rest of Quinn's wounds on his body, after she was done there was not a mark on him.
During Quinn's own healing process his body had used up quite a bit of energy and once again the message had appeared stating he was hungry.
\<Blood bank 90/100\>
After consuming some blood from his blood bank, he no longer felt hungry and didn't have to worry about going on a frenzy for at least another two days.
Once Quinn and Vorden had arrived back in their rooms, they were told not to leave until they were notified. Once in a while, a private would call out a student's name and they would be taken somewhere for questioning.
Inside their own rooms was Vorden, Peter and Quinn.
"Thanks for calling the sergeant when you did, otherwise me and Quinn would have been goners by now."
"No problem," Peter replied still feeling bad by the whole thing. Although he had done the right thing by getting Fay, he still felt bad for having tricked Vorden into going to the hall in the first place.
"What do you think will happen to the second years?" Quinn asked.
"Hmm, I'm not too sure." Vorden replied," If this was a one on one incident then I'm pretty sure they would have ignored it but this time there were several students involved, most likely they will look for one person to pin the blame on."
****
Meanwhile inside one of the integration rooms. A large muscular man with forearms the size of thighs was sitting opposite the second-year student Momo, and on his shoulder, the man had the rank of General. His name was Duke king and he was head of the second-year students.
"Of all the people it had to be Fay to stop us," Momo complained." I did as you asked, and now I might pay for it."
"Will you relax, nothing will come of this I promise you that." Duke replied," You're only students and these types of things happen and I will vouch for you."
"Really, so this won't all fall back on me then?" Momo asked.
Then Duke stood up and went up behind Momo and whispered in his ear.
"Of course, as long as no one finds out about our little secret," Duke said with a smile.
*****
Hey guys just a reminder, Mass release of six chapters tomorrow and remember to vote with your stones so we can have another mass release next weekend.

 
Chapter 48 Academy leaders
All the students involved in the incident had been interviewed and that of course, included Quinn and Vorden. However, they weren't asked many questions like the two of them thought they would be. They were simply asked to recall the events that happened.
Judging by the fact that the person integrating them didn't seem surprised by what they had said, it seemed like they had already gathered everything they needed from the other students and was just doing this as a formality.
The next day had arrived and it was a weekend for students. Just like any other school students did not have to attend classes and were free to do as they wished around the city.
Although the curfew still exited so they had to be back in their dorm rooms before ten in the evening and they were not allowed to leave the city.
However, for the leaders at the school, their day was not as relaxing as the students for a meeting had been called. Inside the academy on the top floor, the leaders of the academy had gathered in a fairly large meeting hall.
A large table was centred in the middle of the room. The table was split into two different sections. At the head of the table there were four seats in total. One of the seats was a little bigger than the others in this was where the captain of the academy would sit, currently, this seat remained empty for the meeting.
In the other seats, usually by the captain's side were the three Generals of the school. There was the head of the second-year student's Duke with his large arms and muscular build.
Then the head of the first-year students Nathan, who looked the complete opposite of Duke, he was small in size and wore glasses, he was always casually dressed for important occasion which annoyed Duke.
The two of them did not get along.
Lastly, there was the third General who was head of staff and the rest of the privates and teachers in the academy. Currently, his seat was also empty.
The two Generals sat in their seats waiting for the others to arrive and as usual, there was silence between the two of them.
Then finally the doors opened and eight people had arrived all wearing the military uniform and each one of them had the rank of sergeant displayed. Out of these eight sergeants, it included Leo the Beast weapons teacher, Fay the head of squads and Hayley the school doctor.
The eight sergeants sat in their seats opposite to the generals and finally it was time for the meeting to start.
Fay was the first to stand and speak.
"We are here today to conduct the meeting on what to do with the second-year students, who were involved in the case involving primarily the first-year student known as Vorden Blade and the students who are part of Del's class and Leo's beast weapons class."
Fay then pressed a little button on a controller she held in her hand. In front of the generals and the other sergeants, a holographic report was being displayed to them.
"I believe you have all read the reports but this is here just for your reference. I would like to ask your opinion on how these students should be punished, General Duke."
"Punished?" Duke said," I see no reason for these students to be punished, if you look at the report it seems like Vorden was the first to attack the others, they were simply retaliating, these types of things happen all the time."
"But then why gather the rest of the first-year students?" Nathan casually added." It seems like to me other students had gotten involved. I agree the students fight all time and we purposely do nothing to stop this but this seemed a little too much, no?"
"Fine, further restrictions will be put on the second years and first-year students. They shall only meet when necessary. I will be in charge of issuing out the punishments to the second-year students, is that okay with you Nathan?"
Nathan simply shrugged as if he didn't really care about the matter in the first place. He had only made his argument to annoy Duke.
"I urge the rest of the Sergeant to take extra precaution." Said Fay." It was only recently we had the death of a student in our school. Unlike with Brandon, Vorden is an original. If his family was to get involved in it would not be good for the academy."
"Tch, filthy scum," Duke said under his breath.
The military didn't have a good impression of Originals. When the war started they were the ones who risked their lives to save the people of the planet. It wasn't until it truly looked like the humans would lose the war did the originals come forward and share their power with everybody and not even all of them did that.
Then Haley stood up.
"I would like to talk about the matter involving the two students with strange wounds on their bodies. Were there any reports about a beast escaping from one of the portals?"
"Your father, who is not present at the moment reported that there was no such thing. Even using the radar, we were unable to trace anything." Duke replied.
"If it wasn't the beasts, then just what caused those wounds?" Hayley thought as she sat back down in her seat.
"How is the preparation for the portal outing coming along for the first-year students?" Leo asked.
"Yes, everything has been all set up." Nathan said," A green portal has been selected for the students to go through and the base has made preparations for their arrival. It should all go smoothly next week."
"Do you know what planet the expedition will take place on?" Leo asked." Then I will be able to better prepare my students."
"It's best to ask your students to pack some sun cream and their sunglasses as they will be arriving on the planet Caladi," Nathan replied.
Planet Caladi, a planet that was mostly covered in desert and contained low tier beasts. Its day cycles were also vastly different compared to that of earth. Instead of the 24-hour day and night cycle that earth had. Caladi contained a 72-hour cycle. It was brilliant for those that loved the sunlight and heat.

 
Chapter 49 Never betray
After the incident with second years, Quinn realised that although he had gained a lot of strength compared to what he was before. There were still others that he wasn't strong enough to fight against. Although Momo was strong in the group of second years, he was nowhere near the top of the food chain.
There were many higher levels and even originals whose powers couldn't be measured. And even out of the first-year students there were those that were powerful, that included his good friend Vorden and Erin.
If Quinn wished to get on their level, he would have to get stronger. The easiest way for him to get stronger was by consuming as many different types of blood as he could possible but there was a major problem.
After the death of Brandon and the second-year incident, security around the academy had been tighter than ever. More soldiers were put on patrol and it seemed like they were keeping an eye on everyone.
For now, while tensions why high in the academy it was best that he laid low. So that left him with another option, to improve his fighting skills.
Quinn still hadn't learnt the two skills yet but just learning them wasn't going to be enough. After watching Vorden he realised he needed to also learn how to use them, so he needed experience.
"Hey I'm going to head into town to grab some supplies, do you want to come with?" Vorden asked.
Quinn hesitated for a while. Originally, he had planned to meet up with Layla to practise the Hammer strike but at the same time, he hadn't been able to relax in a while.
In his last school Quinn had never made any friends and was the lonesome type but now was his opportunity to go out and have some fun.
One day wouldn't hurt, right?
"Yeah, sure I'll come along," Quinn replied.
"What about you Peter?" Vorden asked.
Peter had been avoiding the two of them for a while but since they were roommates it was almost impossible. He still felt bad about the whole situation but he had finally made up his mind, he never wanted to do anything like that again.
"Yeah, I'll come as well."
The three of them then proceeded to head into town. They went ahead and grabbed some food, watched a movie and had a good laugh but as they were outside, Peter spotted a group of high-level first years he had met before.
They were the same people who Peter had hung out with at the canteen. As Peter had made eye contact with the group, they had signalled to him they wanted to talk.
"Hey guys, I just remembered that I promised to meet up with a few people from school tonight." Said Peter." It was great hanging out with you guys but I'll see you when you get back to the dorm."
Vorden looked at Quinn, realising that they both though Peter words sounded suspicious.
"Hey Peter, you know if something is up, tell me I will help you out," Vorden said.
"No it's nothing I promise, I really did make some good friends, I have to rush off now, Bye you guys," Peter said as he took off out of sight of the other two.
No matter what Peter didn't want an incident like last time to happen. He would deal with the problems himself. Vorden was strong but from the fight last time, clearly Vorden wasn't strong enough to handle the upper years and Peter knew they were the ones behind everything.
Peter finally turned a corner into an alleyway where five first-year students were patiently waiting.
"Took you long enough." The student standing in front of the group had a scar on his chin and his name was Earl. He was the leader of the first-year group who was directly under Momo's gang.
Then suddenly Earl went and grabbed Peter throwing him up against the wall.
"What the hell do you think you were doing, calling the teacher the other day." Earl said," Now Momo and the others are giving us a hard time for relying on you."
He then punched Peter in the stomach causing him to kneel over and fall to the ground.
"Why should we be the ones to be punished, this is all your fault." Earl ran up and kicked Peter once again in the stomach.
The kick was hard and Peter's body was starting to shake, he felt like any second now he was going to throw up the ice cream he had just eaten with the other two.
Earl walked over to Peter and bent down to grab his hand. He held one of Peter's fingers and snapped it back hard and fast at the same time a scream was heard.
"What the hell, gag this wimp will you." One of the students then ripped a part of his shirt and shoved it into Peter's mouth.
"Now we have another job for you Peter and you better do it right this time, you understand? Just nod if you agree."
Peter then shook his head. He had already decided that no matter what he would never betray Vorden or Quinn again.
"What, are you saying no?"
Peter then nodded giving his answer to Earl.
The vein on the side of Earl's head was now popping out as the anger inside him grew. A lowly first-year student dared to go against him and he a level four student had to work under someone else. This wasn't the life he was expecting to have at the academy and he needed to take out his anger somehow.
Earl then immediately grabbed Peter's fingers and started to snap them one by one. Each time he would break a finger he would ask Peter if he was willing to help them but each time Peter shook his head.
In the end, all five of Peter's fingers had broken and Peter still hadn't agreed to their request.
"Hey Jerry, get over here," Earl shouted.
One of the first-year students standing behind Jerry came over and knelt down.
"Do your thing Jerry."
Then Jerry placed his hand on top of Peter's, and slowly a warm feeling was felt and the bones in Peter's fingers were starting to take shape. They reformed to what they once were and he had been healed.
Then a big smile on Earl's face could be seen. He grabbed Peters fingers again and repeated the process again and again.
Eventually, after an hour had passed of breaking, hurting and re healing Peter. Peter's mind had given in. Without him realising it he no longer wanted to feel the pain and nodded agreeing to their request.
"Good, see, now if you had done that in the first place, we wouldn't have had to go through all that." Earl said." Now this time, you better do it right and be sure not to involve anyone."

 
Chapter 50 VR Game
With Peter gone, that Left Quinn and Vorden on their own. They were currently walking down the high street which was full of clothes shops and restaurants.
Students only received 10 credits a day as an allowance but that didn't stop their parents from sending them extra money while they were in school. The richer students were free to spend and buy whatever they liked and sadly the richer students were usually the stronger ones as well.
Although the city didn't open up to any regular civilians it was still open up to all the workers.
The city was full of military personal but not all of them were soldiers. There was still cooks that were needed, admin staff, engineers, building workers and even general people who would run the shop.
They had all been granted special access from the military and in return were given nice living accommodations and didn't have to worry about life on the outside world.
So all though they worked for the military they weren't required to be relied on for fighting unless absolutely necessary.
While the two were walking Quinn couldn't help but think back to the fight between Vorden and Momo.
"Hey Vorden, I know you said your ability resets every day but you never said you could wield two abilities at once?" Quinn asked.
"Didn't I?" Voden said with an awkward smile." Well, there are some in my family that can even hold three."
"Really? So how does it exactly work."
"Well if I told you our family secrets Quinn, you would have to become a part of our family. Either that or I'd have to kill you."
For a second there was an awkward silence between the two. As Quinn wasn't sure if Vorden was joking or not.
"Relax will you." Vorden said," But yeah I honestly can't tell you anything, you know Originals rules and all."
Vorden belonged to one of the Original families that had decided to keep their ability within their family. Meaning the only people that knew how to copy other abilities were the Blades. Of course, Vorden wasn't allowed to talk to anyone about their ability.
"Yeah, sorry about that but if you don't mind me asking. If you copy an ability you've never received before, how are you able to fight with them so well?"
"Let me show you something," Vorden said.
The two of them continued to walk down the high street which was filled with shops, until Vorden eventually stopped just outside a game store. The two of them headed inside and there were all types of games filled on the shelves.
At the very back of the shop was a VR pod for people to test out before they bought anything. Just like everything else, even the gaming technology had improved significantly after the war.
Then Vorden pointed at the VR capsule.
"You see that thing, I grew up playing on that."
"What?" Quinn thought, but then Quinn remembered Leo mentioning something about a VR game that was popular between students. He said if he wanted to get fighting experience it would be good if he played a certain game, is this what he was talking about?
"There's a popular game played in the outside world and within the military schools called Power fighter. The game is simple, it gives you an open empty room and the two of you fight until one loses. Although it sounds simple the game itself is used to help people train. The VR capsule can record all attributes of your body. Anything you do in the real world you can do in the game. The only thing that it can't do is record your ability."
Vorden then walked up to the capsule and touched the front of the capsule where there was a round ring. A holographic display appeared with the game's settings on the top. Vorden then placed his hand on the holographic display and a notification sound was heard.
"Welcome User ID VBCopy." The machine said.
As Vorden logged into the game, his user ID's information could be seen along with a dummy model of his fighter which looked nothing like Vorden. It displayed the total amount of fights Vorden had, and how many wins and losses. Although Vorden quickly went of that screen on to another, too quick for Quinn to see anything.
Then Vorden was suddenly on an ability tab. The list seemed almost endless.
"Wait I thought you said the game couldn't record your ability?" Quinn asked.
"It can't, but so the game was even more realistic and so it could be used a training tool, it uploads into its database every ability that is shared out there in the world that we know today. Of course, only the ones that are made public. So Original abilities and abilities that have yet to be discovered aren't on this list, including my own. However, I can select any ability I want, even if I can't perform it in the real world I can practice with it in the game."
Quinn finally understood how Vorden was able to become well adverse with multiple different abilities. This was something that would only greatly benefit someone like him who was able to use whatever ability he wished.
Most people who were playing the game would want to get stronger and better at using their abilities. That meant they would usually only select their own ability, what was the point of selecting something that you could never use in the real world, unless you just wanted to have the experience.
"The game is actually very popular with the other military schools." Vorden continued to explain." So much so that the military has designed its own servers so it only connects to other schools but you can also just play with the outside world as well. Before you enter the game you can even input your power level. This way it will match you with those people around the same level. People can lie about their level but those type of people will never get better at fighting, bullying those weaker than them all the time."
Quinn then walked up to the capsule and started to inspect it. It sounded amazing and was exactly what Quinn needed. This way he was able to practise against other students without others realising it was him.
Then when Quinn lifted up the tag on it, there were more zeros on the thing then he had ever seen before. There was no way he could afford such a thing. Maybe some of the other students who could be sent credits from their family but not Quinn.
Vorden started to laugh.
"Don't worry about it, you don't need to buy one yourself, the academy has a room full of them."
"Really?"
"Come on, let's head back and give it a go."

 
Chapter 51 Power fighters
The sun was starting to set outside so it was just the right time for Vorden and Quinn to head back to the academy and when they did, they immediately when over to the VR room. Just like the capsule in the shop, it was a room filled with rows and rows containing capsules and off to the side was a small shop and counter where students were able to buy snacks and refreshments.
The room was currently packed with students, just as Vorden and Leo had said, the game was incredibly popular. Looking at the excitement in the student's eyes and faces, Quinn started to feel upset. It felt like there was a world he never got to experience growing up just because he was poor.
The two of them went up to the front counter that was stationed next to the small cafe.
"Hi, we would like to rent out two capsules please?" Vorden asked.
"A single capsule will cost you 10 credits per hour." The female replied.
Hearing that number made Quinn gulp. For some reason, he had expected the capsules to be free but of course, they would have to pay to rent them. With Quinn's ten credits he received a day at most he could play the game for was an hour a day.
He didn't need the money for anything else, after all, the school provided the accommodation and three meals a day for them.
"Alright, are you ready?" Vorden asked.
"Huh, what did you pay?"
"Yeah don't worry about it, come on let's go."
The woman behind the counter had handed Vorden two tags numbered 23 and 24. The two of them walked around the room until they had found two capsules next to each other, they both had large numbers displayed on the front of the capsule in big bold ink.
"Here we are," Vorden said," With these capsules there only able to link to the military servers. You can fight with others from other schools but you won't be able to connect it to the normal servers, you will need to buy your own capsule for that. When you log into the game you can play as a guest for now and just search for the ID VBCopy and join my room when you can."
With that, the two of them slowly climbed into the VR capsule. When the machine sensed they were both comfortably inside, the capsule lid slowly started close in on the both of them. Then before they realised it, their minds were completely transported to another space.
Quinn was now in a large empty white room. There were no walls in sight and it looked like the room was endless. Suddenly a screen appeared in front of him.
"Welcome to Power fighter, would you like to?"
\<Log in\> \<Register\> \<Play as guest\>
As Vorden had suggested for now Quinn decided to play as a guest. Then he went on through the system and started to search for Vorden's gamer ID. Once he had selected to join the person's room, he patiently waited for Vorden to accept.
"Room invite accepted, transporting in 3…2…1…"
Then in an instant, Quinn had been transported to another empty white space room, only this time Vorden was there as well but Vorden didn't look like himself. He looked like a completely different person. Both his hands had been wrapped in bandages and on his face, he wore a scarf.
He looked like an ancient ninja.
"err Vorden is that you?"
"Oh sorry," Vorden said and the next second he looked like the ordinary Vorden at school.
"What was that?" Quinn asked.
"That, the game allows you to customize your character so you can make it look like whatever you want. The clothes I was wearing was skin, although they cost credits so I wouldn't worry about that."
The sound of the game was just getting even better for Quinn. Allowing the users to create a character to be used in the game meant that no one would know it was him, unless they knew his user name.
"Do you want to watch me a play a few games so you know how the game works?" Vorden asked.
"Sure."
Vorden then created a party, where Quinn was able to spectate. Suddenly in the white space, four stands appeared forming an arena like shape and Quinn was teleported to the seating area in one of the stands.
The game tried its best even for spectators to make it feel like the real thing. Once Quinn was comfortably seated, Vorden went to search for a match. Vorden selected the power level of two. This way he would only be matched up with level twos.
there was also a quick match option, where it would match you with anyone who had selected the same option regardless of power level.
The ability he currently had his character set to was earth. He chose this because Vorden himself had been trying to learn the Earth ability better so that way when Peter got stronger with it, Vorden would be able to help him use it.
When an opponent was found he too was teleported into space where Vorden stood. The two of them started out on the opposite side of the room, then Quinn could see a big countdown appear over the arena.
When the countdown reached zero the match immediately began. Vorden was going up against another Earth user.
Earth users were the most common ability to be found.
The match didn't last long though, as it was clear that Vorden had the greater experience when it came to fighting. The match had only lasted a total of five minutes but while watching the game Quinn started to figure out how it worked.
Above each player's head was a health bar. But there was no way to show how much health each player had. Judging by what Vorden had said this was most likely because everyone had a different set of health depending on what the VR headset was able to read from the body.
Quinn himself knew this because of his inspect skill. Every time he would look at the stats of a different person some of them had different amount and that included him. The next thing he noticed was the fact that there wasn't actually any damage done to the player.
When Vorden would strike or stab the person the system would cause the player to react to these, either starting the player but it wouldn't permanently damage the person like it would have done in real life. Similar to a game it would treat hits on vital parts as a critical hit but the player could continue to fight like normal as long as their HP didn't hit 0.
After that Quinn continued to watch Vorden play a few more games and before they knew it their time was up.
Although Quinn didn't have the time to play today, he couldn't wait to try out the machine tomorrow.

 
Chapter 52 Blood evolver
It was getting late and it was almost time for their curfew, so Quinn and Vorden decided it would be best to head back to the dorm rooms.
When they arrived, they noticed that the lights were out and Peter was already in the room fast asleep.
"Does he look okay?" Quinn asked, as he noticed Vorden was looking around to see if he could see any markings on his face or body.
"Yeah he seems fine, but even if he was getting bullied, he could have gone to the doctor's office before coming here," Vorden replied.
"Well, I still think we should keep an eye on him, there's no way higher levels would just become friends with a lower level for no reason," Quinn said.
Vorden cleared his throat loudly and started to look at himself.
"Of course, there are some exceptions," Quinn said smiling.
With the other two now fast asleep, Quinn was still awake messing around with his system. He was busy watching the tutorial videos of the Hammer strike. He didn't have enough points in agility to learn the flash step but with the gauntlets, he did have enough for the hammer strike.
The video contained the blonde man demonstrating what to do step by step. It was incredibly detailed, showing everything in slow motion to the point where it also described the feeling the user should have, every step of the way.
Quinn repeatedly watched the video, as he wanted to learn and test it out in the game tomorrow. After finally remembering all the steps and believing he had a confident grasp on the skill. He shut his eyes and went to sleep.
The next day Quinn had woken up earlier than the other two. He immediately wanted to go to the game to create his character and test out the skill he had been learning all night. Just in case the others wondered were Quinn was he left a note before leaving.
When he finally arrived, the VR room was emptier than it was yesterday, most likely because it was early in the morning and not a lot of students had woken up yet.
Quinn then went on to do the same as Vorden had done yesterday, he went up to the pretty lady who stood behind the counter and asked to rent a capsule, only this time for two hours.
There wasn't much use for his credits other than buying late-night snacks and at the moment, not even that satisfied him.
Ever since he had his first taste of blood, food was starting to taste bland. He still got hungry like everyone else but the taste of ice cream and sweets just didn't have the same rush effect it once had. To get that feeling again he could only get it from blood.
But Quinn made sure to only consume blood when he needed to or to get himself stronger. He was afraid that he might become addicted to the feeling and if he did it would only cause more problems for him.
Before entering his capsule, Quinn looked around the room and noticed some students carrying their beast weapons with them. Not all student used one like Vorden. But after watching the games Vorden had played yesterday, he did see a few of his opponents have one.
Which meant most likely that the students bringing their weapons with them, meant that the game was also able to recognise the power of beast weapons.
Just on the side of the capsule, there was a large rectangular box and underneath were the words written, beasts weapons. So it looked like Quinn was right after all. After taking off his gauntlets and placing it into the box the capsule started to scan the weapons.
\<Scan complete\>
\< The beast weapon may now be used with the capsule \>
He then hopped in and logged into the game. Only this time instead of logging in as a guest, he decided to register an account.
\< Please create a User ID \>
Quinn thought long and hard, he didn't want anything that could give away his real identity away but at the same time, he wanted a name that would express his newfound self.
Something like Vampire god just wouldn't work and gave too much information. Plus the idea of putting Vampire in his name just sent cringe tinkles running down his spine.
Finally, he had settled on a name.
\< User ID created Blood Evolver \>
The name was chosen for a few reasons. Quinn could feel his body getting stronger with each person's blood he drank. It was as if his body was evolving into something else and in the future, he knew he would be stronger then he was now.
He thought the name was very fitting for himself.
The next step was to design his character. The body proportions of his character were the same as him but he was able to choose what hairstyle and simple clothing he wanted on it.
Quinn had always been born with black curly hair and wanted to change it but never got the chance to. Now it felt like he could be someone else.
After going through all the options, he finally decided on a red spiky-haired character who wore simpler Villager clothing. It looked like a farmer from an old fantasy world.
Once the character had been completed, Quinn was once again teleported to the large white empty room. That's when Quinn noticed something.
While in the room Quinn was able to walk around freely and move his body just like he could outside. He was currently dressed as the character and even had his gauntlets on.
Then when Quinn tried to open up his system to his surprise it appeared like usual showing all of his current stats.
Quinn looked down at his gauntlets and immediately wanted to test something out.
"Blood swipe." And in that instant, a red claw-like line left Quinn's hands and scratched the ground.
For whatever reason, it seemed like Quinn's system and abilities still worked inside the game.

 
Chapter 53 First game
After finding out that his blood swiped worked in the game, Quinn immediately opened up his system to check his stats again. Only unlike the outside world where his HP would have gone down by 1 – HP. Everything had still remained the same.
Was it because using it didn't actually use any blood?
When Quinn would use blood swipe outside the Red claw-like shape would leave his hand and at the same time, he felt like a piece of energy inside him had left with it. The minus in his HP would indicate that it took part of his life force or his blood.
But inside the game world, the attack did no such thing. It was just replicating what his mind told it to do, while scanning the body inside the capsule to see if it was possible.
To test this, Quinn swiped his hand's non stop, swipe after swipe. Red lines left his fingertips in a flurry but at the same time, no HP was lost.
Just in case, Quinn opened up the game system and checked, and right next to his name where there was a section to fill in your ability, there were the words written none in the box.
However, another thought came to Quinn's mind. If he didn't lose any HP when using the skill, this also meant that his skill Blood bank would have no effect in the game. When he would get attacked it would do no physical harm to his real body on the outside.
He wasn't actually losing health, so inside the game, he wouldn't be able to rely on his blood bank to save him out of tough situations.
But the fact that Quinn was able to use these abilities in the game made him think. Was his system really an ability? At first, he assumed so, after all, he had received the power from what had looked like an ability book.
Of course, he had never heard of an ability before like this, but there were many abilities in the world that Originals had hidden and kept for themselves. Then he thought back to his status change.
Next to race, it stated he was no longer human. Perhaps his abilities were more a side effect of changing race. Rather than an ability its self. That's why the skills that he unlocked through the system, didn't really follow a pattern.
What the blood bank could do, differed greatly do what his Blood swipe did. If Quinn's theory was right, did this mean he could also learn an ability?
He hadn't tried so far because he thought it simply wouldn't have worked but now if he was to test this, he needed to think long and hard about what ability to learn.
Before going into his first game, Quinn wanted to test out the hammer strike. He had been watching the video all last night and felt like he was ready.
"Place your foot forward like this and at the same time rotate your body. The energy should flow through your toes upwards, then as you pull back your hand, stomp on the ground and at the same time release the energy through your fist." Quinn mumbled as he went through the steps.
At first Quinn did all of the required steps slowly, making sure he did all of the steps perfectly not using any of his energy or strength. He did everything step by step as the video had explained.
After going through it a few times he was ready. In one motion he did all the steps as fast as he could and just like the video had stated he could feel the energy rising from the bottom of his feet, into his fist.
The powerful strike left his hand and a loud *Bang* was heard. A small shockwave in the air was created.
"I did it," Quinn said.
Although the shockwave was nowhere near the size of the man in the video, Quinn was still happy with the result.
There was no longer any need for him to delay anymore and he went and clicked on the search function. For his first match, Quinn wanted to go against the same power level user as him, a level 1.
Technically Quinn himself knew he was beyond Level 1, If he was to take a guess, he would say he was around the same power level as a 2.5 but for his first match, he just wanted to make sure of a few things.
The game had found him an opponent and he was immediately teleported to an arena. When the countdown had finished, it was time for the match to start.
The student in front of him had no beast weapon so Quinn was cautious at first and at the same time he wanted to test something out.
Quinn got in close to the student and was ready for whatever was to come. That's when the student had shapeshifted his hands into a claw-like shape and scratched at Quinn's body.
The attack was slow and Quinn was able to block but chose not too and allowed the attack to Scratch against his chest.
While playing the game, inside the user's view was his and his opponents HP bar, placed in the bottom right-hand corner. When the attack went through a small amount of HP had been taken.
Quinn then quickly stepped back a few steps and proceeded to use his blood bank skill.
\< HP is currently full, unable to use Blood bank\>
It was as he had suspected. Although he took damage in the game nothing had happened to his real body outside. With his thought confirmed, Quinn was now ready to end the match.
He dashed forward and when he was close enough he threw out a blood swipe. The student lifted his claws to block but the second the blood swipe made impact, his claws had shattered and followed up behind the first blood swipe was a second one.
The student's HP was lowered now by around 25 percent. Although Quinn could have easily finished the match with a barrage of blood swipes now, he chose not to.
He had wanted to originally play the game to help train his fighting skills, and in the outside world, Quinn wasn't able to use the blood swipes as he liked.
Quinn got in closer to the student, by now the student's claws had already regenerated. The student swung again but this time Quinn ducked underneath the attack and threw out a punch to the students stomach followed by another punch to the students face and finished him off with a cross-shaped duel blood swipe with both hands.
\<Winner Blood Evolver \>
Just then though Quinn had received another message from his own system.
\< Opponent has been defeated 25 exp has been earned \>
\< 305/400 Exp \>
It was unexpected but Quinn had received Exp for defeating an opponent in the game. Suddenly a large grin appeared on his face.
*****
Due to your votes last week we Unlocked another mass release of four chapters. If you would like another mass release please remember to vote.
3800 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters
Note: goals increase weekly as we also get an increase in readers weekly. Let's climb to the top together.

 
Chapter 54 Flash Step
After defeating the student inside the game Quinn received 25 exp points compared to his regular 50. This was a large surprise to him as Quinn didn't expect a fight in the game to contribute to points in his system but at the same time, this was great news.
Due to the heightened security around the school, it would be harder for him to find opponents and draw out their blood. That and the gauntlets he was using a dead giveaway. Although gauntlets were a rare weapon, there were millions of military personals playing the game. Even if he was to use them, they wouldn't be able to pinpoint it to him.
But now that Quinn was able to level up, it solved his current problem of getting stronger without the need of consuming blood. Although he didn't know why he had only received 25 exp.
If he had to take guess it could have been because he was wasn't fighting these people in real life or the fact that the opponent he went up against was too weak.
Without wasting any more time, Quinn immediately went to search for another game. He set the power level to level one that way he would be matched up against easy opponents.
An opponent was almost found instantly and Quinn got straight to work. Rather than reserving his power like in the last game, Quinn decided this time he would just send out a barrage of Blood swipes at his opponent.
And his plan worked, his first opponent was dealt with so quickly that Quinn didn't even have time to find out what ability he had.
\< 25 exp gained \>
\< 330/400 \>
Quinn's next three opponents were dealt with just as easy as the other two. There was an earth elemental user who was too slow to cast his spells. He simply avoided the attacks and then when was in range, would unleash the blood swipes.
The two after that were just as easy as Quinn's previous fights, he would quickly dodge their attacks and when he was close enough to them he would spam his skill. Of course, Quinn knew he wouldn't be able to do this type of thing outside the game. After all the skill had a major setback of reducing his health.
If Quinn was ever in the danger zone and then got attacked, he would be dead in an instant. But he just wanted to level up as soon as possible and after defeating the next three, he did.
\< 405/400 exp\>
\<Congratulations you are now Level 4 \>
\< Race: Half-Ling \>
\< HP 25/25 \>
\< 5/800 exp\>
\< Strength 13 (3) \>
\< Stamina 12 \>
\< Agility 14 \>
For the first time since Quinn had levelled up, he hadn't received a new ability. He somewhat had expected this but at the same time was hoping for something useful. He would just have to keep levelling up and wait for more skills in the future.
Finally though, what Quinn had wanted had arrived. The reason why he wanted to level up so fast was because of the free stat point received after every level up.
\< Agility 15 \>
He immediately put the point into his agility stat and now he could finally learn the flash step from the tutorial. This time while following the tutorial from the blonde man, Quinn was able to follow him step by step along with the video.
Unlike when learning the Hammer strike, where he had to watch it repeatedly and was unable to do everything.
After several minutes of Quinn practising the flash step he finally had a stroke of success.
"Yes!" Quinn shouted.
However, what Quinn did notice was while he was in the white room on his own, his body would never feel tired. He was able to perform the flash step as many times as he wanted without feeling tired.
This did not apply to when he was in a match though. Using the Blood swipe did take up Quinn's stamina, he felt this affecting him after sending out attack after attack during a match.
It meant the white room acted like some type of training room, where they were unaffected by their physical bodies restraints.
With the flash step learnt, Quinn finally wanted to experience a fight with a tougher opponent. Instead of searching by power level Quinn decided to select, Quick match and would let fate decide the level of his opponent.
In the real world, you wouldn't be able to choose who you went up against so it was important for Quinn to have experience fighting in all sorts of situations. Then a few moments later, a match was found.
This time when Quinn entered the arena floor, he could see his opponent standing opposite him, He was wearing a long red cape and by his side were two daggers.
Quinn also realised they weren't alone either, there was also a person sitting in the stands watching Quinn and his opponent.
"Oh don't worry about him," The caped man said," He's just my senior, his watching me fight so he can give tips."
Quinn then tried using his inspect skill on his opponent to see what power level or ability they had but there was no luck. The inspect skill didn't seem to work in the game.
But before the match began, Quinn made sure to open up his status screen and decided to leave it open and off to the side. During this match, he wanted to keep a close eye on it.
When both of them were ready the countdown started over their heads
.
"3…2..1...Go!"
As soon as the sound dinged indicating the start of the match. The caped man took out his daggers and swung them out fast. Two wind blades followed, the attack was similar to Quinn's Blood swipe only the distance the attack could be used was far greater and faster.
Quinn then decided to attack with his own Blood swipe, the two lines of power clashed in the middle and cancelled each other out.
"A red colour, what ability is that?"
The caped man was wondering, and at the same time, the caped mans senior was thinking the same thing.
This time Quinn charged forward, his abilities all required him to be used at close range, the caped man seeing this threw more wind strikes out but Quinn just replied back with his own Blood swipes but this time sending out four of them.
When the first two cancelled out the Wind strikes, the next two carried on moving forward.
That's when the caped man, lifted his cape and spun around, the blood strikes smacked into the cape but there was no effect and not even a scratch left on the cape.
"Is that beast armour, and a high level one at that." Quinn thought.
The two of them were now in punching distance of one another, The capped man swung his daggers out fast, Quinn lifted his hands and managed to grab on to the daggers allowing the blade to just come out from his fingertips.
Then suddenly, the aura around the daggers grew and the wind forming around dagger allowed the ends of the blade to grow and act more like a sword, piercing Quinn in both shoulders.
The capped man pulled back and went for another strike.
"I don't know what your ability is but it's over." The capped man said.
But then suddenly, his dagger had hit nothing but empty air and space and no one could be seen. As he turned around a sharp claw penetrated the man's stomach. Then another, attack, after attack at great speed was tearing his stomach apart and to finish him off two more Blood swipes.
\< 25 experience gained \>
\< 30/800 exp\>
The man watching in the arena stood up on his feet as he saw his friend lose the match. The two of them so far had been on a winning streak. Taking it in turns facing opponent after opponent, the sudden loss had come as a shock to them.
"That skill at the end, what was that?"
Then just as Quinn was about to log out and go find another match, he heard someone call out to him.
"Wait!" The man in the seats shouted," Please fight me."
Quinn had no problem with this and accepted but unknown to him the man he was about to face was one of the strongest students from another military school.
****
Hey guys we are top 15 in Ranking. Please remember to keep voting for extra Chapters and a mass release on the weekend.
3800 Stones = 2 extra chapters
4000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters
Thank you for supporting the story.

 
Chapter 55 A fun one
The student who had been sitting up in the stands and watching the fight between Quinn and his friend was known as Nate Snell. He was a second-year from another academy and in his academy, he was well known for being one of the strongest second years.
Nate often played in the game to improve his fighting skills as this was important for him due to the fact it went hand in hand with his ability. He was obsessed with learning all different types of martial art skills.
There was one area in the game that it didn't allow you to improve on though. Even though the game allowed you to use abilities, it did not have the system in place to use soul weapons.
This would be an almost impossible task considering every person's soul weapon was different, even if they had the same ability.
With a keen eye for martial arts, the second Nate had seen Quinn perform his flash step, he needed to know who this person was. The footwork in the skill was so beautiful, so quick, that even he wasn't able to keep track of where Quinn had gone.
After asking Quinn for a battle he was overjoyed that he accepted. For the two of them to start their match they needed to add each other to their friend's list first.
\< Hardsteely has sent you a friend request \>
Quinn accepted the friend request and was happy to fight, honestly, Quinn wasn't too bothered who he went up against but after fighting against Nate's friend, he felt like he should have a good match coming up that would help him improve.
\< Blood evolver has accepted your friend request \>
"Blood evolver? Does his ability have something to do with blood, that would explain those red lines coming out from his hands but was their such an ability in the system?" Nate thought.
There were 1000s of different abilities in the system, so Nate wasn't sure of all of them but he had fought many battles in the game and this was the first time seeing someone with this type of ability.
Before the match was about to begin, Nate had asked if he could speak to his friend Sam for a few moments. Quinn agreed as he wanted to check a few things out himself.
During the match when Quinn used his flash step, he was hoping his own system would show him something but nothing happened. Of course, this was because he was in the game, but he knew that the flash step felt like it had taken a significant amount of stamina from him.
His current stamina points where at a 12, if he was to make a rough guess, he would say that four strikes of blood swipe took down one stamina point. Meaning he would be able to perform around 48 blood swipes before running out of stamina. However, if he did this, he would reach 0 HP before even using up all his stamina.
But as the blonde man had said in the video, flash step took a considerable amount of stamina, at most Quinn knew he would currently only be able to produce it twice in one game. Meaning it took at least five points of stamina.
Quinn would have to think carefully when using this information in a match, at first he thought it wasn't so important increasing his stamina, as long as he was strong enough or fast enough he could win his fights, but in a prolonged battle and matches against multiple enemies, as soon as his stamina dropped to 0 he would be as good as dead.
Not only that but Quinn dreaded the thought of having to fight in the sunlight with these stats.
Over at the other end of the arena, Nate was busy talking to Sam about his match.
"You are such a fool," Nate said.
"I know I'm sorry," Sam replied.
Nate looked at the flapping cape that Sam was wearing and started to shake his head." We just got this incredible thing and you didn't even use it properly in the fight. When he went out from your view if you hadn't turned around your back it would have been protected. Or you could have turtled up with the cape."
"It's hard to get used to having something on your back, if someone vanishes in front of you and you know they're behind you, you naturally turn around. Wouldn't you?" Sam replied. Sam then started to look at the ground as he was saddened remembering how he had lost the match." My win streak." Sam Cried.
Nate proceeded to pat Sam on the shoulder with pity before walking to his fighting spot." You know the deal, if I win against him then that means I win out bet. And you'll owe me those credits.
As Sam headed back to the arena stands, he was praying for Quinn to kick his friend's ass. He had lost too many bets recently and was running low on credits.
"3…2…1…" And the match had begun.
Surprisingly, both of them at the same time had decided to charge in. Although Quinn didn't know his opponent's abilities, his attacks were more effective closer in range. If he was going up against an elemental user, then it was always better for him to get closer anyway.
And as soon as Quinn was within five meters, he threw out two blood swipes. Suddenly, Nat's speed dropped dramatically, his skin started to turn into a shiny material and his footsteps were heavy. As the blood swipes reached and hit his body, the sound of metal clanging against each other was heard.
For the first time when Quinn's attack had hit an opponent's body, it had done 0 damage what so ever. The metal shine form Nate's body seemed to shift and now was concentrated in his arm. It allowed Nate to move a lot faster and close the distance.
He pushed his hand forward and out came a long metal silver pole. It was too fast for Quinn to react to and the pole dug into his stomach and continued to push him back. The attack was strong and Quinn had lost about ten percent of his health. The pole continued to grow and push him back and his health continued to fall.
Quinn then grabbed onto the pole with both hands and using all his strength, managed to stop it's momentum.
"Wow, looks like you strong as well?" Nate said surprised, not only did his opponent have a ranged attack but seemed to have super strength now as well.
Quinn pushed the pole to the side and swung out his claws, this time firing four blood swipes. The pole then started to retract quicker than the blood swipes and absorbed back into Nate's body. He then put both of his hands together and the metal liquid started to form a large oval shape and eventually formed a shield.
Each strike hit the shield and there was no effect.
However, Quinn had expected this result, when Nate retracted the metal back into his body, Quinn was in front of him ready to strike, But Nate remained calm and shifted the metal over his body to the exact spot where Quinn was aiming for his head.
The punch landed but Nate's head didn't even move a single inch and again the game had recorded no such damage.
Nate then grabbed Quinn's fist and with his other hand formed the pole, whacking him to the ground.
"Come on, you should be better than this?" Nate said, the truth was Nate was purposely shifting the metal into a poll rather than a sword, this way the match would last longer.
It had been a while since Quinn felt like this, weak. There was only one thing left for him to try. Quinn lifted himself off the ground and started to breathe in, calming himself down. Anger would only distract him.
Then he was ready and Nate could see it too.
"Come on!" Nate said as he shifted the metal pole back into his body and into one of his fists.
Quinn once again charged forward and threw out a blood swipe, Nate blocked the attack easily lifting his arm and knocking it away but it was only meant to serve as a distraction in the first place.
When Quinn got close enough, Nate threw out his fist and at the same time, he responded with Flash step.
Avoiding the strike and appearing behind Nate.
"Too predictable," Nate had prepared for this after watching the last match and made sure his back was already fully covered in the metal like alloy.
Quinn then lifted his foot off the ground, let the energy go through from his toes up into his fist, as he stomped down with one foot, he pulled back one hand and let out another fist.
*Bang
The sound of too solid objects hitting each other sounded loudly in the distance. For a brief second the two of them was frozen in place and for the first time, Quinn was able to do damage and it was a lot.
Nate's eyes grew in shock as he saw the attack bring his health down by nearly half. Nate knew he was in danger and he could no longer take the fight as easy as he did before. He swung his body and at the same time had shifted a piece of metal into a sword.
But once again, Quinn had used the flash step to avoid the strike.
"Damn it, again, how is he so fast!" As Nate turned to look at where his opponent was, he was surprised to see Quinn collapsed on the ground.
Quinn was breathing in heavy, he could no longer move, the use of using flash step twice including the fact that he had used hammer strike, he had pushed his body way beyond its limits.
"Let's do this again sometime," Nate said as he stabbed Quinn on the ground ending the game.
Although the match had ended in Nate's victory, he was more excited than ever.
"Looks like the Military tournament is going to be a fun one this year."
****
Please remember to vote with your spirit stones for a mass release on the weekend. Thank you for all the support.
3800 Stones = 2 extra chapters
4000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 56 Learning more
After finishing his intense battle with Nate, his hour using the VR capsule was up and Quinn was no longer able to participate in any more matches. Although he had lost his match, he felt satisfied, he had learnt a lot during his battle with Nate.
His attacks including his blood swipe, were not strong enough to do any damage to Nate while he using his metal ability. However, his Hammer strike skill was. Hammer strike didn't increase his strength but now Quinn had a good idea what it did do. It was an attack that focused on the inside, an internal attack, the perfect counter to those with abilities who hardened or transformed their bodies.
Quinn couldn't wait to find out what the other tutorials the blonde man had in store for him, but he had no idea how to unlock them. The blonde man had simply said when he was ready, they would unlock for him.
There were two things this meant, one might be when Quinn's stats were high enough to complete the fighting skills requirements or when Quinn was a high enough level.
The second lesson the fight had taught him was how important stamina was. The flash step was an incredible skill that allowed him to avoid a strike in an instant but if he used it more than twice, then he would be done for, and if he was out in the sun, he wasn't even sure he would be able to use the skill at all.
This made Quinn think long and hard about what to put his stat points into in the future. Perhaps going for an agility or strength-based character wasn't the best thing after all.
With that in mind, Quinn had set up an important meeting with Layla today. There was one thing he needed to learn about more than anything, especially if he wanted to get stronger in the future.
It was a Sunday so Quinn still had the rest of the day off, before having to go back to the standard military lessons for the week. The sun was out bright and early and Quinn was standing outside the school gates patiently waiting for Layla.
Even though it was the weekend, Quinn still wore his school uniform for he didn't have any other clothes, other than what was provided to him and he had long grown out of his old school uniform.
"This damn sun!" Quinn said while his body was covered in sweat.
\< All current stats have been halved \>
Ever since he had evolved from a human into a Halfling, the sun seemed to bother him even more. He was covered in sweat even though it wasn't that hot and he was starting to have ringing headaches if he stayed outside too long.
Finally, after waiting a while, Layla had arrived, she was wearing a beautiful red dress that showed off her long legs nicely along with her short hair. She still carried her bow and had her quiver by her side and on her back was a fairly large bag.
"You ready?" Layla asked smiling.
Quinn looked at the large bag on her back, it must have been heavy he thought.
"Do you want me to carry that for you?" Quinn asked, although with his stats halved and his strength draining from his body, he was hoping she would say no.
"It's okay the bag is lighter than you think. I'm using my ability to make it lighter." Layla replied.
Quinn really wasn't sure if she was being truthful or not and didn't really know what to do in these types of situations.
Were you meant to insist and be pushy? Or be a gentleman like and offer a hand, or listen to the girl, If she said she could do it, then she could do it.
In the end, Quinn didn't want to think too hard about it and decided to just let Layla carry on holding the heavy bag. If she wanted him to really carry the bag then she should just ask him.
The two of them walked out of the school's premise and carried on walking until they eventually reached a nice quiet park. There were some students outside messing around playing with their abilities and at the same time there was some military personal relaxing on the benches.
"Peaceful isn't it?" Layla said.
"Yeah it's kind of nice," Then a thought came into his head, of all the news he had heard on TV, about what life was like during the war, how it could start up again any second and finally the death of his parents." But who knows how long it will last, that's why I need to keep getting stronger."
Layla placed the heavy bag on the ground and it seemed like it was a weight off her shoulders. Even if she was using her ability it would be tiring for someone to keep it up on the whole walk here.
That's when Layla started to empty out all the contents in her bag. There were all sorts of things inside, there were several items of thick clothing, such as hats, scarfs, sunglasses and most of it seemed to be black in colour.
Then she continued to pull out even more stuff, lotions and lotions of sun cream and finally she pulled out an umbrella.
"Did it cost a lot?" Quinn asked, worried after seeing how much she had bought.
"Don't worry about it, my family sent me the credits and I used up what the academy gave me." Layla replied," Besides I got it all from the market place so it was dirt cheap."
The marketplace was an online store that was used all around the world. It sold your everyday items such as food, clothes, utilities and other things.
With the use of teleporters, your items were able to be shipped to you in almost an instant. As long as you could afford one of these, if not you would have to go to a collection point.
And the military school had one of these collection points for students to use. But other than just your everyday items, the market place was also used by people to sell and buy beast weapons, Skill books, Ability books and all sorts of things that would be beneficial to you in battles.
However, to access this part of the market place you would either need military personal ID, which all students got a temporary one to use during their time there or if you were a traveller.
Travellers were people who didn't work for the military but worked for a private company and often went into portals to explore different worlds.
"So what do you want to try first?" Layla said holding the sun cream in her hand.
****
Sorry for the short chapter I am incredibly sick today, please support the series by voting it really helps and will count towards our mass release goal!
3800 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 57 Weakness
The two of them had gathered in the park, not just for a casual chat and peaceful evening but there was a goal in mind. And although Quinn usually found Layla obsessive, it seemed like her crazy strange self would come in handy.
The whole purpose of today was to find out if there was any way to either, reduce the effect that the sun had on the system, or even temporarily stop it altogether and there was no one better than Layla for the job. She knew everything about vampires having grown up reading about them.
She ordered whatever she thought might have been effective.
Quinn looked at all the items that she had brought over, he then noticed that noticed a few more things on the ground with her. There was a metal shaped cross, a clove of garlic and even a piece of silver jewellery.
"Oh those are for later," Layla said embarrassed noticing Quinn staring at her stuff." We should also try to find out if you have any other weaknesses of normal vampires as well."
"Alright, why don't we just try the umbrella first," Quinn said as he knelt down to pick it up.
He then stood still and popped open the umbrella, it was solid black in colour to make sure that most of the light didn't penetrate or get through it. Quinn then adjusted the umbrella a few times to make sure his body was completely covered in the shadow, then to his surprise.
\< Stats have returned to normal \>
While Quinn was fully covered under the shade, his stats had returned, then he lifted his hand and placed it outside the shade zone ever so slightly and as soon as the tiniest part of his finger was outside the same usual status screen had appeared.
\< You are being affected by Direct sunlight \>
\< All stats will be halved \>
"Well?" Layla asked.
"It works, but even if a little bit of my body is in the sun then I start to feel weak."
This wouldn't do. Holding the umbrella although would return his stats, it would be difficult to use in a fight. One hand would be occupied holding the umbrella while the other would be free. Also, it was a big weak target that the enemy could easily destroy.
But at least he found out that if he just carried an umbrella with him, he would no longer feel weak. It was a good idea to keep one on him for now.
"That's a special umbrella." Layla said," It's one used to block out the UV from the sun, although at most it can block out about ninety percent it's not perfect. To be honest, I'm surprised it worked."
"Is the UV rays why I feel weak then?"
"Not necessarily, I mean Vampire lore is all over the place but these myths had to grounded somewhere right?" Layla then looked at the ground and picked up the sun cream." If the umbrella really worked because of the UV then the sun cream should have some effect."
Layla then walked up to Quinn squirting some of the cream onto her hand." You ready?"
Quinn then went a little red thinking about Layla applying the cream onto his body. Looking at Layla now out of her school uniform, he realised she was kind of cute. So what she was a little strange and knew too much about Vampires. Everyone had there geeky thing they knew about and was obsessed with.
Then Quinn felt something cold on his leg. She had taken Quinn's silence as a yes and started to slather the cream all over his body. After making sure everywhere she could see covered in cream, to finish it off she placed sunglasses over Quinn's eyes.
"Although we can stop the UV on your eyelids, we can't on your eyeballs." Layla said," Well anything?"
This time, there was no such result, when opening up his status the UV cream hadn't even made a little bit of impact. Quinn still felt incredibly weak and his stats were still halved.
"So it looks like it's not to do with the UV then, although the umbrella worked it can only block so much of the UV and same with the cream, so I was hoping it would have some effect but this means its most likely some other property in the sun that we don't know about."
To be honest, Quinn was thankful that the sun cream didn't work. The idea of waking up every day and doing it as a daily routine, at some point the cream would ware off too.
He also couldn't imagine in the middle of the fight asking his opponent to wait to lather and cream himself all over. He had pictures in his head of asking Vorden to cover for him, while he brought out a bottle of sun cream.
Finally, it was time for the last test, this one Quinn was dreading the most, the clothes test. He was already sweating and feeling hot as it was and couldn't imagine putting on a load of black clothing. But he thought it was best to get it over and done with as soon as possible.
First Quinn placed a sweater over the top of his body, then a pair of black thick trousers, on his feet, instead of trainers he changed to black boots than on his hand a pair of leather black gloves. Finally, on his head, he had a large back top hat.
Looking at him, Layla could barely hold in her laughter he looked absolutely ridiculous.
"Breathe, breathe Layla." She mumbled," Well anything?"
"No, not yet anyway"
"Well, we might as well try the rest."
Layla then continued to place clothes onto Quinn, this time she had covered his face with a balaclava, and even where his eyes were, she had put a sleeping mask on. More hats were placed on and now every inch of his skin was covered.
"Anything?"
"No!" Quinn shouted, but it sounded muffled through the clothes.
However, Layla didn't give up yet, she felt like if the umbrella had worked then this had to work as well. She continued to place all the remaining clothes she had brought with and then finally while Layla was piling on the clothes, Quinn managed to shout something.
"Wait it's working!" Quinn said.
Although the clothes had worked, Quinn was around three inches thick in black clothing. Layla quickly helped Quinn take of all the clothing as it seemed like he was a bit wobbly on his legs and was going to pass out any second now.
Once the two of them were finished, Quinn opened up the umbrella and the energy started to restore back into his body again. The two of them sat down on the clean-cut grass and were discussing the results of the test.
"Well, you can't go out like that." Layla said," You couldn't move in the thing,"
"Agreed but at least we know that the most important thing is to stop the sun hitting me."
Quinn started to feel the umbrella wondering if perhaps he could get clothes made out of the same material. Then the problem would be the material would be too weak. Most likely the reason the clothes didn't work so well was because they didn't block out the sun enough. He needed more solid but flexible material.
There was some stuff out there that might have worked, like a black latex suit or something but these weren't strong enough for fighting, it could easily be torn or ripped and then he would be back to being normal weak Quinn again.
Suddenly a thought had entered Quinn's mind. He started to remember the fight he had inside The VR game. When he had gone against Sam, he had used a cape that was able to block his blood swipe. The material was not only flexible but strong as well.
The cape was most likely made from some type of beast, from one of the portals, if Quinn could get enough of this material, maybe he could make a suit of some kind that could not only protect him from the sun but also be strong enough to be used in combat.
A smile started to appear on his face, he now couldn't wait to be transported to hunt some beasts.
*****
If you enjoyed the chapter and want a mass release next week Remember to vote.
3800 Stones = 2 extra chapters
4000 Stones = 6 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 58 Vampire myths
After finishing the test with the items, Layla was eager to try out a few of the other things she had brought along with her.
"Do I really have to worry about something like this?" Quinn said as he picked up a clove of garlic.
"Not really, to be honest, I just wanted to try out everything, garlic always acted more as a repellent in the first place and the fact that you're holding it like that, would suggest it wouldn't hurt."
While Quinn looked at the piece of garlic, he decided to use the inspect skill on just to be sure. If something would harm him, he was sure the system would be able to tell him basic information such as this.
"Inspect."
\< A glove of garlic. Due to your heightened senses, the piece may test extremely bad. Safe to consume \>
The good news was the system had informed him that the garlic wasn't poisonous, which meant it would be able to do with the other items as well. The bad news was, that he had to still eat the garlic so Layla didn't get suspicious.
He broke the glove into a small piece before placing it into his mouth. The taste was incredibly strong, it felt like he was eating dog crap. Not that he knew how that tasted anyway but if he had to imagine this was it.
Quin immediately started to spit on the ground trying to get the taste out of his mouth.
"Well, at least you look fine," Layla said.
Quinn had actually expected this result before even using his inspect skill. The taste of food had slightly changed ever since his evolution. Sweet food such as ice cream and cakes now tasted bland, it was the same with fruit.
The only thing that still tasted fine for him was meat. Although everything seemed to taste slightly saltier than before, it was the same with other herbs as well. Although there was one thing that drastically changed for him and that was blood, it was a greater taste than anything he had before and was sweet as caramel itself.
Just thinking about it, Quinn wanted another taste, but he was still able to control himself just fine. It was the same way when someone thought about chocolate, they suddenly wanted chocolate but they didn't need it.
Before touching any of the other items, Quinn made sure to use his inspect skill on each one. First was the metal cross.
"A religious symbol that has no effect." The system said.
Then the chain.
"A sliver Chain that is made up of 92 percent silver. Wearing the item can be used as a fashion accuracy."
With both the items there was no such warning. Quinn then proceeded to pick up both of them with no worry. He was starting to trust the system more and more lately as it had been more helpful and accurate.
"So what's the story behind these two things?" Quinn asked." I kind of get the cross but what about the silver, and they just for werewolves?"
Suddenly Layla's eyes started to sparkle up.
"I'm glad you asked, Vampire lore has gone further back then you think even in Greek mythology they have tales of a vampires. The first Vampire was said to be cursed by the god Apollo, to be burnt by sunlight, then when the man tried to touch Artemis bow, she cursed the human further to be effected by silver." Layla explained," Of course there are other reasons but this is one of the older ones. Then with the cross, Vampires have always been seen as workers of the Devil, a creature that needed to suck blood to live and of course God in the eyes of many, is a fighter of evil and the cross is a symbol of the god."
Layla then Grabbed both items form Quinn and placed it back in her bag.
"But now looking at you, I can clearly see all of that was a load of rubbish," Layla said sounding a bit disappointed by the whole experience." The only Vampire weakness it seems you have so far is sunlight, although I have to admit that's a pretty big one, do you feel like you're not getting older yet?"
"What?" Quinn said confused," How would I even know, it's only been a few days. I mean I don't feel any older but I could say that about the rest of my life, you kind of just got older without realising it."
Then a dreaded thought had entered Quinn's mind, if it was true that he would no longer age, did that mean his appearance would stay the same as it did now? Would he look like a young teenage boy for the rest of his life?
With test over, it was time for the two of them to head back to their dorm rooms. Quinn decided to head back to the dorm rooms and see if Vorden and Peter wanted to hang out and do something for the rest of the evening.
But when he entered the room, once again neither Vorden or Peter was there. Vorden, Quinn didn't worry too much about, it seemed like he had been getting into trouble lately with the second years, but currently they were staying well clear of him after the incident.
It was Peter, Quinn was more worried about. He couldn't help but shake the feeling that these new friends of Peter weren't actually friends of his and was wondering what to do.
With that Quinn decided to sleep for the night and wait till the next day.
****
When he woke up, he was happy to see that the other two had managed to return to their rooms in the middle of the night. For once the three of them had decided to head down to the canteen together and in a long time, the three of them casually eat food and chatted about what they had done yesterday.
Once the three of them had finished eating, it was time for them to head to their homeroom classes together. On Monday morning they were to attend a morning class with their teacher Del. This lesson would be a theory-based lesson, either the history of the human race or even notice about what would happen.
The three of them sat in the back of the class as usual, while Layla sat at the front with Erin by her side. The students waited patiently until Del had finally arrived.
"Alright class I have an important announcement to make, the preparations for your first Portal outing has been complete. It's time for you kids to go explore the Universe a bit more."
****
Short chapter but remember Mass release tomorrow. If you want another mass release next week please remember to vote.
3800 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 59 Portal Colors
Before Del was to inform the students about the Portal training they would be participating in. He needed to explain to the students how the portals worked. After all, it would be a first for nearly every student there apart from a few of them.
Portals allowed humans to travel to and back form locations that they had been to before. They were often used to travel to other planets. The technology was obtained when humanity managed to take down there first Dalki ship and discovered a portal inside.
Usually, when such advanced technology was discovered, people wouldn't be able to dissect and replicate it so easily. Just because you had the technology didn't mean you understood how it worked. But thanks to a legendary scientist named Richard Eno, he had easily been able to dissect all of the equipment found on board of the ship.
Another great contributor to the war against the Dalki. Some people assumed that he had an ability of some sort that helped him along the way but these were just rumours and no one knew for sure.
However, one thing for certain was he was a great man. Once he had found this technology, he distributed it not only to the military but also to private companies as well. He made sure that such power wouldn't just end up in one group's hands.
Back then the world and humans were fighting together but who knew what would happen once the war had ended.
In today's world, there were generally three different groups of people who had and owned portals. The military was the first group.
Next were private corporations. They usually had powerful originals backing them, many of these companies would also form a faction, a group of powerful Travellers just for exploring other planets.
And lastly was the group known as Pure, a group that didn't believe in the use of abilities.
There were three types of portals each different in colour, there was green, orange and red. Each of these portals meant a different thing.
Green meant that the planet it led to had already been explored and there were human shelters that had been built. These allowed people to live there if they wished or just stay their temporarily.
The next was Orange, this meant that the planet hadn't been fully explored yet, there were some Shelters in place but the level of the beast could be too high in certain areas or they just hadn't explored everywhere yet.
And finally, the Red portals, these were unexplored planets. There were no shelters for regular humans to live in. Only travellers or military personal would usually go into these portals for exploration and the worst thing about them was they didn't know if the Dalki were on the planet as well.
After all, the Dalki had the same technology so it wouldn't be too strange to run into them and although under a treaty, if a few people were to go missing on an unknown planet, it was hard to prove something had happened and the humans weren't ready for another war just yet.
"And that is all the information you need to know about portals," Del said.
A student then raised his hand who seated in the centre of the class.
"Yes!" Del said.
"What about the beasts that were discovered on those planets, will we learn about them." The student asked.
"For now, that's all you need to know about the portals, yes this also led us to discover beasts on these planets and they are what we use to create our beast weapons but you will be told more detail bout that when you arrive." Del explained," Although I will tell you now that you can also thank Richard Eno for that discovery as well."
Del then closed the presentation that was playing behind him.
"Now for the important part, the portal expedition will take place next week but before even that, you will be required to form your own team of five. Although on this trip you will travel as a class, you must have a squad and stick together. Even the green portals are a dangerous place filled with beasts and the trackers on your watch will not work outside the academy, we will have no way to come and save you."
The same student once again raised his hand and Del had a look on his face like it was starting to get annoying.
"Yes."
"Do you know where we will be going?"
"That information will be reviled to you on the day, many of you here have family members who if they knew where you were, would send guards out to protect you on these planets but that wouldn't be fair, especially since we will also be assessing you on this."
The student once again raised his hand but Del this time stared at him back forcing him to slowly put his hand down again.
"Now if there aren't any more questions, you're combat classes for today are cancelled, today you are to form a team of five and report back to us by the end of the day."
Del then left the room to attend to other business while allowing the students to form their own group of fives.
Vorden then turned his head immediately.
"Hey Quinn, you want to be on the…."
But standing by Quinn's side already was Layla, who had sprinted from the front of the class to the back.
"Hey, do you want to make a team with me Quinn?" Layla said smiling.
"Err sure," Quinn answered.
Truthfully, Quinn wanted to ask Layla to be on the same team, they didn't know how long their first assessment was going to take and if he was to get hurt or injured, he was going to need a blood source of some type.
Even if Vorden didn't like it, he knew this was going to happen.
"Hey, Quinn you mind if I join as well." He said smiling trying to hide his annoyance.
"Of course, and Peter as well."
Peter's face was a little shocked at hearing the sound of his name and at the same time his feelings were confused.
"Yeah, that would be good," Peter said.
Then when the others were just thinking about who the fifth member should be, Erin had approached Vorden of all people in the room.
"I want to make a team with you."
***
Mass release day, remember to vote for another one next week.
3800 Stones 2 extra Chapters (Hit)
4000 Stones 4 extra Chapters (Hit)
500+ stones = 1 extra Chapter

 
Chapter 60 The team
Not only were Quinn and the others shocked that Erin had approached Vorden but so was the whole class. In Del's class, Erin was the strongest student there, nearly everyone wanted her on their team but over the last few days, when people had tried to approach her, she had always given a cold response.
It seemed like she was disinterested in everything apart from getting stronger.
"I'm sorry." Vorden said," But I've already decided to make a team with these guys."
Vorden's response to Erin seemed to be even crazier to everyone else as well. They had seen Vorden fight that day when they were surrounded by the second years. After witnessing that, no one would say he was any weaker than Erin.
If the two of them were to combine powers and found a few other strong people, it meant they could easily come up with the strongest team in the class.
Erin then looked at the group of people who Vorden pointed at, to be honest, she didn't seem to recognise any of them.
"Who are they?" Erin said.
"What, we took the test together, I even helped you out at the assembly hall!" Layla complained.
The truth was Erin never took the time to remember people's faces, she only cared about those who were strong. When she saw how weak there were in the test assessment, she didn't even bother with them any longer.
Although there was one person who had caught her eye other then Vorden and that was Quinn. She remembered him throwing the black beast balls at a lightning-fast speed and taking out a student. Then when she looked at his wrist, she saw he was only a Level 1 user.
"Why would you stay with these weak people, surely you can get a better grade if you join me and a few others," Erin said.
The first assessment and future assessments in the portal outing would determine their final grade. For those who had a cosy family to get back to, it didn't matter too much but to rest it determined their future.
The grade they got when they left military academy would decide whether they could join a strong private company, or whether they would just end up joining the bottom of the barrel being treated even worse than now.
"I don't care about the grades, I just want to have fun while I'm still in school," Vorden replied.
But Erin was determined to not give up.
"Fine, I can accept the girl and the strangely strong boy but I can't accept him," Erin said pointing at Peter.
Peter heart suddenly started to thumb louder, a fear started to take over him as he heard Erin speak these words. If he didn't get in Vorden's and Peter team, he would be in huge trouble.
"Why do we need you anyway?" Vorden said.
"Wait a minute," Layla interrupted," I think she would make a good addition to the team, besides Vorden, doesn't your ability rely on those around you to be strong as well. As far as I remember beast doesn't have abilities so you would have to rely on us, and we don't exactly have strong abilities."
"Layla, I understand what you are saying but for once I agree with Vorden," Quinn replied." I don't care how strong she is, she can't just come in and kick one of us out. She can join the team but only if Peter stays."
It was good to have strong allies but at what cost. If Quinn was to kick out Peter to replace him with a stranger, he would just be as bad as everyone else who had treated him like crap just for being weak. He didn't want to change into one of those types of people.
Erin then started to look around the room before looking at Vorden once again. She thought back to how Vorden was able to deal with Momo quite well before the use of the soul weapon. After looking around the room there didn't seem to be a single person in Del's class that matched up to him.
"Fine, I will join but I wish for the five of us to have a re-testing to see where we stand," Erin asked." Perhaps we can go visit the training centre, display what we can do to the rest."
Layla and Quinn looked at each other with a half worried look in their eye.
The five of them then headed down to the training centre, it was the same place that Layla had first spotted Quinn who had sneaked in the place at night.
Right now the room was filled with multiple different people from all sorts of different classes. All the other classes had also been informed about the upcoming test and had decided to find out what each other's abilities were.
This would give them the best chance of defeating and capturing as many beasts as possible and increasing their chances of survival.
"Well, what do you want us to do?" Vorden asked.
"I've already seen your powers, but I can't remember too much about the girl and the other two, perhaps the girl can go first on the strength machine."
Layla went up as asked and went to the large circular strength machine. She concentrated her mind and threw out her fist at the same time she used the force of her telekinesis to push her hand as strong as she could.
The numbers slowly went up on the machine's display until it had eventually reached number eight.
"Damn it, same as last time, looks like I haven't improved much," Layla complained.
"For a level two that's quite a weak strength score but judging by the bow you're a ranged user anyway, it will be quite handy to have someone like you on the team," Erin said.
She then walked up to the two boys, Quinn and Peter.
"Well, I'm hoping that both of you can at least get the same score as her."
Quinn was starting to get annoyed by all her taunts, but he took a deep breath and held it in. With her on the team, it would cause fewer troubles with the others. Even if they did defeat beasts and obtain their crystals, there was a high chance that another team might target them and try to steal them.
But just having Erin on the team would stop that.
Peter walked up to the machine holding the mud staff in his hand.
"Looks like he's still level 1 then," Erin said.
Level 1 earth user didn't have the ability to extract earth from the ground, all they could do was reform the earth in their hand, they could only control earth they were touching rather than the earth around them.
As Peter went to punch the machine the earth around from the pole started to form around his fist, as he hit the machine the numbers started to go up and finally, it stopped at eight. The same score as Layla.
"Well, what are you waiting for?" Erin said looking at Quinn.
*****
Mass release day, remember to vote for another one next week.
3800 Stones 2 extra Chapters (Hit)
4000 Stones 4 extra Chapters (Hit)
500+ stones = 1 extra Chapter

 
Chapter 61 Grinding
As Quinn walked up to the strength machine, all he wanted to do was punch the machine as hard as he could. He wanted to shut up the arrogant Erin who felt like she was better than everyone else. Why did she choose to act like this? Simply because she had a better ability than others?
Because her family was well off enough to buy her a strong ability book? but Quinn couldn't reveal himself hear, especially in front of the others. They all had seen him on the test day and they all knew Quinn still didn't have an ability apart from Layla.
He looked at the machine and started to wonder, If he performed Hammer strike using all his strength would the number rise up. Surely the number would be above his sixteen strength.
He readied his fist and redid his footwork. The gauntlets were equipped on his hands and Quinn let his fist out. He tried controlling the power output hoping to achieve a similar score to the other two.
*Bang
His fist collided with the large drum-like machine and the numbers slowly started to rise.
8..9… and then finally the number had stopped at 10.
Quinn estimated if his current strength with the gloves was sixteen then he needed to use half his strength when hitting the machine to get an eight. But such macro-level control was nearly impossible to get right and he had managed to go slightly over.
"Hey man, didn't you get stronger!" Vorden said surprised," I thought you got a five on the test last time, you been working out or something?"
Quinn started to laugh trying to come up with something.
"Actually, it was thanks to that game you showed me." Quinn replied" I met someone who really helped and showed me how to activate the beast weapons strength properly. I worked hard hoping I wouldn't be useless for you guys. When I threw that beast ball that time back in the assembly hall, I realised how useful it would be if I learnt how to activate the best weapon."
This was a lie. But Quin felt like it was quite convincing.
"Didn't the second years say you needed to treat it like activating your ability though, I thought you didn't have one?"
"Apparently that isn't a requirement but just to help you visualize activating your beast weapons," Quinn replied back.
Sweat was starting to run down his face, all he could do know was hope the others would buy it.
"Well a score of ten isn't that impressive, the only reason we are talking about it is because you're a level one," Erin said.
For once Quinn was happy Erin's smugness had drawn the attention away from him.
"Is this okay then?" Layla asked.
"Yes." Erin replied," I still wish to join your team, I believe even with the extra luggage we have on board, with me and Vorden we can come out as the top team during this assessment."
After testing everyone's strength the group decided to discuss a few things. Such as formation and what to do. Although the discussions didn't last for long. If they were to travel as a group Layla would stay at the back for support and Erin and Vorden would be at the front.
Usually, the physical damage dealers would be at the front of the squad while elemental users in the middle. But in this scenario, Quinn and Peter were considered so weak, that they were placed in the centre for protection.
Erin felt like it was quite useless to practice anything else after finding out how weak the other two abilities were, so the groups meeting had ended early and she decided to go off on her own to train somewhere.
"Well if combat classes have been cancelled for the day is there anything you wanted to do?" Vorden asked.
"Actually, I was planning to head to the VR capsules," Quinn replied," I've been trying out a bunch of abilities so I can decide what ability to pick in the future."
Suddenly Vorden started to shiver.
"You can go ahead," Vorden said," I know I showed you how to play the other day but to be honest I'm sick and tired of that game. I played it so much growing up and all."
With Quinn heading off to the VR room that left Peter and Vorden all on their own.
"Hey so do you want to practice a bit more with your ability, I know you're saving up so you can buy a few more skill books. Maybe we can get you to a level 2 before heading off into the portal."
Peter looked around the room at the other students before giving an answer.
"Sure that sounds like a good idea," Peter replied.
But Peter's strange actions didn't go unnoticed and Vorden had a feeling it had something to do with those students he went to hang around with a few days ago.
****
Quinn had finally arrived at the VR centre. He paid his ten credits for an hour and got into his Pod as usual.
At the moment it was the easiest way for Quinn to level up and get stronger. He decided while inside the capsule he would split his session into two halves.
For the first 30 minutes, he would spend it facing against level ones. On average it took him around five minutes to defeat an opponent in the level one stage.
Gaining 25 experience points for each opponent he defeated would allow him to gain around 150 experience points. Then for the second half of the session, he would use it searching for quick matches battling against opponents of all different strengths.
This would improve his fighting IQ out in the world.
Quinn entered the game and started his first match with his plan. He did the usual avoiding the enemies strikes and dealing with his opponent with either the strength of his two fists or by using a barrage of Blood swipes.
That's when Nate noticed that the ID Blood evolver was online. Nate was still interested in this person and decided to check him out. As long as they were in your friends list you were able to spectate their matches.
Nate then was suddenly transported into the arena and began to Watch Quinn's matches one by one.
And all that he witnessed was Quinn defeating weak level ones in a matter of minutes. But it was strange, for someone as strong as him just what on earth was he doing? When Nate thought of him, he never imagined Quinn to be the type of person to bully the weak.
"Let the grinding begin," Quinn said as he took down his next opponent.
\< 170/800 exp \>
****
Mass release day, remember to vote for another one next week.
3800 Stones 2 extra Chapters (Hit)
4000 Stones 4 extra Chapters (Hit)
500+ stones = 1 extra Chapter

 
Chapter 62 A Hacker
Nate continued to observe Quinn and his fighting style and wondered just why he didn't fight the same as when he fought against him. Quinn repeatedly went into match after match and would only go up against level ones.
It was clear to Nate that he had purposely set the system up this way, now some players would do this if they perhaps were trying out something new but from watching Quinn, all he could see was Quinn doing the same thing over and over.
He would enter into a game and them immediately dash in either using a barrage of the red line attacks of his or a furry of punches not caring whether he got hurt or not. It was clear he was beating them with pure strength and trying to win the matches as quickly as possible.
Unknown to Nate though, Quinn was purposely doing this, he didn't have much time left between now and when he was to go out on to his portal training. So the only thing Quinn could do, was grind a few levels to get stronger using the system.
Finally, thirty minutes had passed and Quinn himself was growing tired of repeating the same thing over and over again. The only thing that kept him going was seeing his experience go up little by little. That's when Quinn noticed that he had a spectator.
Nate who was sat in the seats gave a wave back.
"Oh it's him, I wonder what he's doing here?"
Then a thought came to Quinn's mind, the fact that Nate was watching gave him the chance to ask him something. He then went onto the game system and sent out a part invite to Nate.
At first, Nate was just panning to spectate and watch Quinn play a few games, he wanted to study Quinn a bit more before asking him to another duel. But when he saw the party invite, he was quite surprised.
The game only allowed for one on one battles so the party invite feature was only really used between teammates for practising or if they wanted to chat and were far away. In the end, Nate was too curious and wanted to know what Quinn wanted and decided to accept.
The arena ground disappeared and now Nate and Quinn wherein a single white room once again.
"Hey, how you doing I hope you're not planning some type of revenge are you?" Nate said as he proceeded cautiously towards Quinn.
"No actually I wanted to ask you something, the person who I fought with before, your friend, I wanted to know more about his cape and where he had received it from."
"Oh Sam's cape, that's why you wanted to talk to me" Nate then looked at Quinn standing in front of him. On his hands, he wore his gauntlets. That's when Nate suddenly realised something, the gauntlets that Quinn were using looked horrible. They must have been only at the basic tier.
"Wait a minute, are you a first-year?" Nate said.
"Err yeah, I will be going on my first portal outing, I thought if you could tell me what type of beast you got it from, I would be able to look for it."
Nate was suddenly a little surprised, he went back and thought to how Quinn was able to damage his solid body even though no one had done such a feat before. He was sure the person would have at least been a second year.
"Let me give you a piece of advice then, on your first outing they always use the green portals, you have the chance of going to one of three places. Caladi, Almpin and Bartnee. Out of these three planets, you want to go to Caladi, there in the desert, there is a winged creature. I can't remember the name of the winged creature but there aren't many in the desert so I'm sure if you see one that will be it. That beast core is what we made the cape out of."
"Wait did you say, a desert?" Quinn asked.
"Yeah, what's wrong with that?"
Usually, the word desert meant the place came with heat, the idea of having to journey through that, Quinn was starting to get tired just thinking about it.
"Nothing don't worry, thank you so much for the information you have been a big help. I'm going to play a few more games now before my times up."
"Oh, sure go ahead, do you mind if I watch?" Nate asked.
Quinn thought about it for a while, if he didn't want to let Nate watch all he had to do was block him or delete him of his friend's list, but at the same time, Quinn felt like there was no problem.
He was just fighting people, it wasn't like he was doing anything that suggested he was a vampire and it was likely that Nate wasn't even from the same school as him.
"Sure go ahead."
Quinn only had twenty minutes left inside the machine and using his remaining time, Quinn chose to use the Quick match function on the game. Matching him with random power levels who chose the same option.
This half of his session would be used to practice his fighting skills. In the remaining twenty minutes, Quinn was able to have two more games. His first match he was against a level four user, who had a transformation ability.
His body was made of a rubber-like material and he was able to stretch it as far as he liked. Quinn struggled against this opponent, the fighting style of the rubber man was strange and when Quinn wasn't expecting it, he would be hit at an incredible speed. In the end, Quinn managed to get a few blood swipes in and hurt the man but still ended up losing.
The next match there was much more success as he was matched up against a level two user who had a hardening skill similar to Nate only weaker. He had an easier time dealing with this opponent as his Blood wipe deal damage as well as his regular attacks.
In the end though, Quinn decided to take the match just a serious as the others and ended up finishing it with a hammer strike.
\< 195/800 \>
With that Quinn's time in the game was up and he had to leave.
Nate after watching Quinn for the whole time had a strange thought lingering on his mind, just what was Quinn's ability? After their battle Nate had decided to check out the ability list to see if there was anything similar and he could find no such thing.
The other thing was it seemed like all Quinn could do was shoot out red lines, which would suggest either the ability he had at the moment was incredibly weak or he was currently a low level.
What Quinn didn't realise though that all the opponents he had faced that day were thinking the same thing as Nate. They were wondering just what ability Quinn had.
The hardening user Quinn had just fought against was so frustrated with his loss, he decided to go onto the online forums and make a post. He shared a video of the match between himself and Quinn titled." What ability is this? Is he a hacker?"
***
Mass release day, remember to vote for another one next week.
3800 Stones 2 extra Chapters (Hit)
4000 Stones 4 extra Chapters (Hit)
500+ stones = 1 extra Chapter

 
Chapter 63 Peter calls for help
The online forum had started to gain some traction with users who had fought against Quinn, they started to post comments just below about the video.
"Yeah I fought against him too and he used those red lines on me."
"I lost in an instant."
"Is there really an ability like that in the game?"
"It looks like wind slash but why are the lines Red?"
Of course, even though the post had gained some traction there weren't many. After all things like this were posted on a daily occurrence and usually, it was from some people who couldn't accept a loss thinking the other person must be hacking.
But those who did watch the video started to ping the creators asking If what was seen in the video was real. Of course, one of the Admin staff for the game came along and checked the video but this person wasn't any ordinary admin staff, it was a student at the school named Logan Green.
Logan himself wasn't ordinary for he was the son of the creator of the game and not only that but was one of the head coders as well. He often visited the forum to check for bugs and if there were any, he would try to fix them while still attending school.
Then suddenly late at night that day he noticed that post had started to gain traction. Usually, he wouldn't have bothered with these things but the staff where getting tagged in the post more than usual.
After watching the video, suddenly his attention had been caught. Logan immediately could tell that the video was real. He searched up the two user ID's that were in the game and then decided to look at the match information.
After searching them up he noticed that the player that was being questioned in the video had selected no ability.
"No it couldn't be, did he really manage to hack the system?"
Logan then began to dig in deep into the match and checked everything about it. He checked the log of the game and everything that had been written down as the match went on but there wasn't a single thing he could find that was wrong.
Logan actually felt relieved, the game so far had been successful not only because of how it was able to accurately replicate abilities but also because the game had yet to be hacked.
After finding out this information, Logan had no choice but to think it had something to do with his ability. Although originals abilities weren't able to be copied into the game, this was the only answer he could think of.
But one question remained and that was just who was the user behind the user behind ID Blood evolver. It was company policy to not keep records of any of the users in the game. The data was scrambled so not even he could get access to it. But that wouldn't stop Logan.
****
The next Day combat classes had resumed back to normal, Layla the other day had gone to register the team with Del and even he was surprised at who was written on the list.
The group became the talk of the class, after all, they were the only ones with such a huge difference in power levels between the team. Something that hadn't happened in the school before.
In the combat class, the group were told to continue training independently and if they wished to spar with a partner they could politely ask. Leo would go around giving tips to the students when he could.
In the afternoon, after classes were done, Quinn would head the VR room to continue his daily routine. He continued facing low-level ones and used the second half to train.
\< 275/800 \>
But the more people Quinn played against the more traction the original forum post was getting and all of this was unknown to Quinn. He didn't even know there was an online forum for the game. Quinn had never had any of these things in the past.
He had access to the TV and internet but didn't really know much about games. It was only thanks to Vorden showing him everything, he knew what to do.
Another Day had passed and Quinn repeated the process.
\< 440/ 800 \>
Not only was Quinn quickly gaining exp, but he also felt like he was getting a hang of his abilities more. He knew when was the right time to use flash step and also learnt how to combine his two skills, so he would be able to disappear and reappear while using Hammer strike.
In two days, Quinn felt like he would be ready.
***
Inside the second year's office, a group of first years had been called to into the General Duke's office. Standing at the front of the first years was Earl. The same boy who had recently been hanging around with Peter as well as the one who had broken his fingers.
"I have made sure that the room will be empty for you tomorrow. Make sure you do as I asked, I need you to get rid of them." Duke said
"Yes sir, we promise."
"Good" Duke replied as he threw over a couple of beast crystals as well as a skill book." You should be able to progress to level four with that skill, carry on working hard and there will be more."
****
The next day after combat classes had ended, Peter had messaged for Vorden and Quinn to come to the training room on the east side. This room was usually off-limits to student since it was also used as a room to store portals.
But after reading the contents of the message, both Quinn and Vorden had rushed offer.
The message simply said that Peter needed their help.
While heading over to the room, Vorden and Quinn had bumped into each other.
"Did you get Peter's message?" Quinn asked.
"Yeah that's why I'm here, I knew those friends of his were bad news." Vorden said," Quinn you stay behind, I can deal with this myself."
"No way, he's my friend too, I'm going to kick those guys asses if it's the last thing I do."
Vorden could see he was unable to convince Quinn so the two of them continued together and had finally arrived inside the training centre.
The room was large and there were several large metallic objects with an oval shape in the middle. Each one of them had a glowing circle in the middle shinning with a different colour. These where the portals that took them to another world.
There were nine machines out in total, three of each colour and for a moment, it felt like they were unable to take their eyes off the things.
When they had entered the room, they could see that Peter was lying on the ground badly hurt. He laid on the ground just in front of one of the teleporters and it looked like he couldn't move.
Quinn and Vorden looked around the room, but were unable to notice anyone. They both then rushed over to his side. He had bruise marks all over him and he scuffed up pretty bad with scratches all over.
"What happened to you, was it those first-year students!" Vorden shouted.
"Yeah they got me pretty bad, they went out just a moment ago, I don't think they're going to come back."
"Alright let us pick you up," Vorden said as he lifted Peter's hand over his shoulder.
As the two of them picked up Peter, Quinn had a strange feeling, as he looked at Peter closer, he noticed that even though his clothes were badly torn, he didn't look to be in such bad a shape that he shouldn't have been able to walk. Even the bruises didn't look normal almost as if they were drawn on.
\<Inspect\>
Peter Chuck
HP 8/8
"Vorden let go of him, it's a trap!" Quinn shouted.
But before Vorden could even realise what was happening. Peter had broken free and immediately pushed Quinn as hard as he could. The push wasn't strong and it didn't hurt Quinn but it didn't need to be, because that wasn't Peter's aim.
That one little push had managed to push Quinn just far enough back to the point where he had entered the portal.
"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!" Vorden shouted.
The colour of the portal was red.
***
End of mass release. Please remember f you want another Mass release next week to keep on voting.
All goals hit.
Extra Goals +500 plus stones is an extra Chapter.

 
Chapter 64 Fight back!
The night before the incident, while Quinn was sound asleep waiting for the other two to return, Peter had been called out by the group of first years. They had added him as a friend on his communicator watch and was able to send a message whenever they wanted to call him.
That night, they had asked to meet outside of the dorm room building, five of the first years were standing outside including Earl.
"So I see it looks like your friends seem to still trust you and you managed to get on their team then?" Earl said as he lifted his hand to look at his watch." Oh, I didn't I say to meet here at eight-thirty? it looks like you're a couple of minutes late."
Two of the first year's student then rushed over and grabbed Peter. One of them held his hand behind his back while the other held out his right hand.
"Two minutes late means two fingers I'm afraid." Earl then held one of Peter's fingers.
"Wait I'm sorry, I needed to be careful, I had to make sure Vorden wasn't following me as you asked." Peter cried.
"Fine, fine I'll be generous," Earl said as he pushed down and snapped Peter's finger. Before Peter could even cry out in anger, he bit his tongue for fear that they might do something much worse if someone had heard him.
The others watching flinched at the sight. Although they were helping Earl, even they feared him a little. It wasn't normal for someone to be able to hurt or break someone's bones so easily like that but Earl was able to repeatedly do it easily as if it was nothing.
"We will only do one finger then, but you know what will happen if you're late again," Earl said as one of the first years came over and started to heal Peter's finger.
As the student healed Peter's finger, he could feel Peter's body shaking. His eyes half-dead, the boy wanted to say he was sorry but knew that was how the world currently was.
All he had was a healing ability, he had no combat powers and had no choice but to follow those stronger than him, otherwise, it would be him instead of Peter in this situation.
"I called you out here because the General wants to have a meeting with you," Earl explained.
The group of first-year students including Peter then started to escort him around the school. That's when Peter noticed that they had left the first-year campus building and had gone into the second-year buildings.
Instead of going through the front entrance though, they entered through the back and took the emergency exit stairs. The walk was long but they had finally reached one of the private integration rooms for second-year students.
Earl knocked on the door before entering and only entered once he heard a voice.
"Come in." The man said.
As they entered the room there was a table and two chairs opposite each other. Sitting in one of the seats was the General Duke who was in charge of the second years.
"You guy's wait outside. I would like to talk with Peter on his own," Duke said.
The first years left the room and waited patiently just outside the door.
"Relax take a seat, no need to be afraid," Peter did as Duke asked and sat in the seat, but couldn't help but wonder why the General had asked to meet him. The general was one of the highest-ranking members in the whole city, there was only one person higher than him and that was the Head general.
"It seems those people have gone too far with you." Duke then placed his large hands on the table and looked Peter dead in the eye." Peter, would you like to have the power to fight back?"
Suddenly Peters dead eyes went slightly into life again as he heard those words.
"I looked at your file, you had no ability before coming here and when you entered school we gave you the earth ability. Right now, you're only a level one but I can change that for you." Duke then pulled out several earth skill books and threw them out on the table.
"I know you've been saving up trying to get your hands on these. With this, you can finally get out of the Level 1 power range and with that, your troubles would go away. You would be able to graduate the school with a good grade, join a company to go hunting and earn a good wage for the rest of your life. Sounds nice doesn't it?" Duke said with a huge smile on his face.
Peter couldn't keep his eyes off the skill books in front of him. These skill books were ones that only the military had a hold of. Now that Peter had the earth ability, the only way he could improve his power was through these skill books. Then finally, he would no longer have to live his life in fear.
"Of course these things don't come for free, the world doesn't work like that. Those men out there work for me, they do what I say and in return, I offer them protection within the school and outside of the school. Not only that but they get rewarded for doing well." He said as he held up one of the skill books.
"You're going on your first portal outing sometime soon aren't you? let me tell you accidents happen all the time and every year a student dies on another planet. Now information has it that maybe this year someone from that team of yours will go missing, you're a smart boy so I think you can understand what I'm saying. Now maybe that person will be you, maybe not. So, what's your answer going to be?"
*****
Last night it was clear to Peter what Duke was saying, either he did what the Duke said, or he was the one who would go missing, but the target was never meant to be Quinn. The target was always Vorden.
When Quinn shouted and had somehow found out Peter was in on the plan, he panicked, he didn't know what to do and had pushed Quinn into the portal.
His hands were now shaking as the realisation had hit him.
"What the hell have you done!" Vorden shouted.
"I'm sorry." Peter said," You don't understand I had to do it!"
"What let me guess, because you were being bullied? Because you were being threatened?!" Vorden shouted as he continued to walk towards Peter and at the same time Peter would walk back.
"Do you not think Quinn has been going through the same thing as you! He's a level one just like you. And do you think they didn't try threatening me? When I was tied up and placed on that thing. So what if they hit you, they punch you and make you bleed, you can fight back, as long as you are alive you can always fight back!
Vorden then pointed towards the red portal.
"But what you have done, you have basically sent Quinn to death. No matter what there is no coming back from death. He can't fight back now. Did you even try to fight back?"
Peter then fell to his knees as his mind was in a mess. Did Vorden and Quinn truly know what it was like to live his life? All peter wanted was a normal school life, to go through it without any troubles.
And someone was offering that to him, maybe he took the easy way out but he didn't feel that way. He had already gone through his own suffering, before entering the academy and even worse now that he was in the academy. Why did he have to be the one targeted by Earl and the others?
But there was one thing that Vorden said that did strike a chord with Peter. Did he ever try fighting back? He always thought it was useless, the outcome had already been decided so why get hurt even more.
Perhaps that's what made Duke and the others think he was an easy target in the first place.
Then suddenly, Vorden started grabbing his head. He started moving all over the place swinging his head like crazy.
"I can't hold him back any more Vorden!"
"You have to try, if he takes over who knows when I'll get control again."
"The shock is too much for him, looking at Peter is only making his emotions stronger."
As Vorden looked up, Peter could see his eyes filled with tears, sadness.
Then Vorden looked towards the portal.
"No what are you thinking!" Peter shouted
Vorden then turned around and looked at Peter.
"Peter this is for your own sake, but you better hope I don't come back out here alive!"
Vorden then ran straight into the Red portal, his body vanishing from the room.
*****
4900 Stones last week all goals hit! 6 Chapters mass release next Saturday. New goal, new week.
4600 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4800 Stones = 4 extra Chapters
We get around 500 new readers every week, so we should be able to hit this goal easily, let's rise to the top 10 in ranking. Thank you, everyone, for the support.

 
Chapter 65 Teleporting
When teleportation devices were first discovered there was hope that they would be able to set these to travel to wherever they wanted to. At last, the idea of colonizing planets such as mars was a dream come true.
Spacecraft had been invented but were unable to travel at light speeds needed to make it viable. However, they were able to create large portals that allowed ships to travel through.
But the dream was short lived. The Portals were only able to pinpoint planets at a set location, a place that was not known to their universe, perhaps a whole different dimension together.
No one knew the truth and scientist could only theorize where exactly these portals led to, but what they did find was each of these planets harboured deadly beasts. Beasts that had never been seen before.
Then when the first beast was killed and harvested for research, the beast crystal located inside it was discovered. Inside the crystal contained a power far greater than anyone could imagine.
Although many would say the success of defending against the Dalki was due to the discovery of the originals. This wasn't exactly true, their abilities only took them so far in the war. There weren't many with powerful abilities strong enough to go against the Dalki.
Their technology was too advanced compared to humans, nuclear weapons would be portaled out somewhere before they even hit the ships and bullets did no harm to Dalki skin.
But then a new discovery was made with the beast crystal thanks to Richard Eno once again and that was the discovery of beast weapons. Human combining their abilities with powerful beast weapons was the true turning point in the war, but not many people remember this fact as they were too fascinated with the discovery of abilities that happened nearly at the same time.
As Vorend jumped into the red portal he felt a tingling sensation all over his body. The world around him started to warp and displace and his mind felt like it was melting.
It wasn't a horrible feeling, in fact, the feeling received when travelling through the teleportation device even felt addicting to some.
A few moments later and Vorden had arrived at his destination. He opened his eyes and the first thing he noticed was the place was incredibly dark.
The sky was black and the only light source available was from the two moons out in the distant sky. Around him were crumbled down buildings and structures, as if at one point the place was used to live in.
Vorden still had his hands held by his head but when he opened his eyes the pain started to go away and his mind started to clear up.
"It seems like the little one has finally calmed down," Vorden said." Any longer and he might have come out and done something."
"What does that matter" Raten argued," Do you even know where we are, you jumped through that Red portal!"
Vorden then started to look at his surroundings, it was strange to see building structures around them. Buildings were the sign of human or an advanced civilization and so far when discovering other planets there had been no signs of this.
When there was building work, it would usually be Dalki structure but this was clearly not Dalki based.
"Aren't the red portals meant to be unsheltered planets? This place looks like a broken shelter."
"I think you are forgetting something." Raten said." While orange may mean it's in the process of being taken over and sheltered being places, Red can also mean it's too dangerous to build a shelter in the first place. You have basically given us a death sentence."
"What do you mean?" Vorden asked.
"Are you really being so stupid, sure you might have run through that portal so you didn't kill your friend but what's the point if we die instead. The only ability we have right now is that weak level one earth ability. If we run into a deadly beast we're doomed."
That wasn't the only problem, the place wasn't exactly thriving with people. Not many people had access to teleporters in the first place. Only green teleporters the public were able to use, and they were strictly monitored by the company that owned them.
Meaning the only people that would be around here would be travellers. With no people around and only beast, Vorden was stuck with his one ability and it would only last him 24 hours.
Then a thought came to Vorden's mind. Quinn. The portal was unable to send you to a pinpoint location but it did put you in the same general area, at least within ten miles of each other. Still, ten miles was a great distance to cover and with the chance of beast being around every corner, it would be hard to find Quinn.
For now, Vorden would look for a Portal back to the academy while also searching for Quinn.
*****
Somewhere on the same planet, Quinn had also arrived. His heart was beating rapidly as it was the first time he had experienced such a thing.
"Peter, what the hell was that!" Quinn thought," Damn it, he must have pushed me through the portal, Where am I?"
As Quinn looked around, he could see the similar buildings around him all crumbled torn and fallen down. The place looked like a city had once existed but had been left behind for years. However, there was one saving grace about the whole thing, on the planet it was currently night time.
Meaning Quinn didn't feel weak and had a better chance of surviving. However, before Quinn had even moved from the spot he was in, he spotted something from the corner of his eye.
He was standing in the middle of a street surrounded by crumbled buildings on both sides. But whatever was moving around was quick and was using the buildings as cover.
Quinn tried to follow whatever it was with his eyes but it would constantly move around until it had eventually stopped just underneath a pile of rubble from one of the buildings.
"In the movies, this is where the person would go check it out." Quinn thought, but there was no way he was going to do that. He was on an unknown planet and all alone and whatever it was, it was clear it didn't want him to see it.
Quinn started to back away making sure to keep an eye on where he last saw the figure, then when he was a safe enough distance away, he finally turned around.
In that instant, a sound could be heard from behind, Quinn immediately turned around and could see a horrible figure running towards him, it clearly wasn't an ordinary animal and something he had only ever seen in books and TV, it was a beast.
****
Remember to vote for the series for another mass release.
4600 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4800 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 66 First Kill
Suddenly, Quinn could hear the sounds of something scurrying towards him at an amazing speed. As he turned the beast was now in full sight.
It was the same size as a large dog with the head of a rodent. Black in colour and running on all fours. He would have said it looked like a giant rat however its body parts were muscular around its arms, while its body remained incredibly thin. So much so that the outline of its ribs could be seen.
When the creature was a few feet away it leapt in the air and claws appeared from the creatures two front limbs.
Quinn almost out of instinct swiped his hand letting out a blood swipe. The attack managed to hit the beast and sent it flying back. The attack had caused a large cut to appear on the creature's stomach and black blood started to leak from the wound.
While the beast was taking the time to recover, Quinn decided to use his inspect skill.
\< Name: Rattaclaw \>
\< Basic tier beast \>
\< HP ? \>
\< ? \>
Unlike with humans, when Quinn used the status screen it would show there HP and blood type, but in this case, he had only received a name and the level of the beast.
Seeing the tier of the beast though, Quinn started to feel a little less frightened. He was in an unknown place and just because the beast was small in size, didn't mean it was a low tier. However, something like the Rattaclaw even Quinn should be able to deal with it.
The Rattaclaw had recovered and charged straight for Quinn once again, seeing how the blood swipe was effective he waited for the beast to get close once again.
"Blood swipe."
But Quinn had underestimated the speed and the responsiveness of the Rattaclaw. It had learnt from last time what to look out for and jumped to the side avoiding the attack.
Then it dashed forward increasing its speed and jumped out at Quinn.
Just in time, Quinn had managed to shove his gauntlet into the mouth of the beast, as it's two big teeth clomped down onto the gauntlet, he heard a creaking noise.
\< Defense 1 \>
\< Durability of weapon has decreased by 50 percent \>
\< Strength has fallen 2 (3) \>
"You little crap, get off me!" Quinn shouted as he started swinging his arm, trying to shake the beast off but the beast had clomped down hard refusing to let go.
With the beast stuck to his arm, it was too dangerous for him to use blood swipe and too close for him to perform a hammer strike. All that was left, was to do it the old-fashioned way.
Quinn then started to repeatedly pound the beast on its head with his other hand. With each blow, black blood would gush out of the beast. The blows were powerful and damaging to the beast and with each strike the grip started to loosen.
"If you had just stayed away, you could have lived!" Quinn shouted as he continued to punch the beast, until finally, its grip had come loose and it had fallen to the ground.
Quinn looked like he had just come off the movie off a horror set, his arm and clothes were now completely covered in black blood but he didn't care, for a message had appeared bearing great news.
\< Basic tier beast (Rattaclaw) has been defeated \>
\< 100 exp points gained \>
\< First basic tier beast killed, bonus Exp awarded, 200 Exp \>
\< First time killing (Rattaclaw) bonus Exp awarded 100 Exp \>
\< 880/800 Exp \>
Multiple notifications had been received at once and everything came as quite a shock to him. Not only did he receive more Exp for killing a beast compared to fighting against a human but he also received bonus points too.
Similar to when he faced a new power level for the first time, he had gained bonus points for killing a basic tier, as well as bonus points for killing this specific beast for the first time as well.
In a way to beasts were a gold mine for his system.
\< Congratulations, you are now Level 5 \>
\< Race: Halfling \>
\< HP 30/30 \>
\< 40/1600 Exp\>
\< Strength 13 (2) \>
\< Agility 15 \>
\< Stamina 12 \>
Levelling up had given Quinn one extra stat point. Looking at his stats now he decided to put the stat point into strength.
\< Strength 14 (2)\>
The reason for this was the skill Hammer strike, it needed a total of 15 strength to perform, while he had the gauntlets on they gave him an extra bonus of three strength but when the Rattaclaw had damaged the gauntlets the strength dropped to two.
If his gauntlets were to be destroyed, then he would no longer be able to perform Hammer strike correctly. So first Quinn decided he would get his strength up to fifteen before focusing on stamina and agility.
But the system still had one more surprise for him.
\<New skill unlocked \>
\< Blood spray \>
\< Blood spray: The user's palm must be open to perform this skill. From the user's palm, a spray of blood pellets will be realised spreading out covering a wide range. The closer the attack is to its target the more damage it will do\>
\<Cost -5 HP \>
The skill reminded Quinn of a shotgun he used to watch form the old movies. Where the small pellets would spread out hitting multiple targets. The problem was the cost of the skill.
5 HP was a huge amount and even with his blood bank Quinn would have to be careful when using it. The plus side was that it was a skill designed to hit more than one opponent.
If Quinn had Layla around, he would like to test the Blood spray out but he didn't know how long he would be stuck here, so it was best to reserve his HP and as much blood as possible.
Quinn then walked up to the dead beast on the ground. He had punched the creature so hard in the skull it was indented and blood was leaking everywhere.
Looking at the black blood it didn't seem appetizing at all. He wasn't drawn to it like regular human blood and it didn't give off a sweet fragrance either.
Still, there might come a time were Quinn was required to drink it so he needed to test it out.
"Inspect."
\< Rattaclaw blood \>
\< If blood is consumed is piousness to the body – 1 HP for every millimetre of blood consumed \>
It was expected. The signs were a giveaway that his body was telling him to stay away.
"I wonder why does my body only accept human blood."
The system had been oddly specific when his body started to require blood, this made Quinn think that even the blood of animals wouldn't work, even though some were red in colour just like humans.
Of course, there was one person who did know the answers behind everything, and that was the blonde man in the video.
The last thing he needed to do was rip or cut the body open and look for the beast core inside. It was a small crystal located in a different part of the body depending on the beast.
This could be used to either create more beast weapon and armour or even be sold for credits. Both of these would be a big bonus for him.
Suddenly though, the sound of something running was heard again, as Quinn looked up, the sight of ten Rattaclaws were running in his direction.
Although Basic tier creatures were weak, it was odd for them to travel alone and Quinn had just gotten lucky.
After struggling to face just against one, he knew he had no chance against ten. All he could do was run. He ran down the empty street not knowing where he was heading.
But the Rattaclaws were fast and would soon catch up. That's when Quinn spotted a building, one that was far less damaged than the others. He went inside but the space was still too large, he then spotted a stairway to his right nearby.
After quickly running up the stairway and reaching the first platform he stopped and turned. He knew he had no choice but to fight back. The staircase was narrower than the rooms and he had the high ground.
With his palm open facing downward he was ready.
"Time to test you out."
****
Remember to Vote for to support the story for a Mass release weekend.
4600 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4800 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 67 Beast Crystals
Stood on top of the platform Quinn had a clear view of the giant Rat like creatures coming towards him. He aimed carefully and then when they were about halfway up the stairs, he activated his skill.
"Blood spray!"
< 25/30 HP >
His arm jerked back as the skill activated and a strong force of blood left his hands spreading out. The five Rat's out in front were sent flying back and toppling down the stairs. However, the shot had only hit the ones in front and the Rat's behind quickly climbed over their fallen comrades.
Quinn decided to head further up the stairs to create more distance between him and the Rats, but then he could see there was a huge problem in front of him. Part of the ceiling from the floor above had crumbled and collapsed onto the staircase blocking his way.
There was no longer any space for Quinn to go up. He turned around and the Rats were just starting to ascend the second set of stairs. The Rats from before were quick to make a recovery and were behind them as well.
This time Quinn held out both hands with his palm wide open.
<Blood spray>
The first spray of blood left his hands and knocked the Rat's over, then when the group behind them started to ascend he cast blood spray again with his other hand.
< 20/30 HP >
< 15/30 HP >
The Rat's had fallen over and were badly hurt by the attack, but knew they would soon recover. There were several small holes over their body where blood would leak from but they just weren't deep enough to cause any serious damage.
He made sure to keep his distance away from them and stayed on top of the stairs. Although Blood spray was good at hitting multiple targets it wasn't as strong as blood swipe. Only the force of knocking them back was powerful.
If Quinn was to get close, he was afraid that the rats might recover and surround him, so there was only one thing he could do. He started swinging his hands out rapidly aiming carefully at each Rat.
< Blood swipe >
< Blood Swipe >
< Blood swipe >
…..
As the red claw-like lines left his hands, at the same time he could hear multiple messages ding in his head.
< Rattaclaw has been defeated, 100 exp >
< 14/ 30 HP >
< Rattaclaw has been defeated, 100 exp >
< 13/ 30 HP >
....
The messages continued onward until eventually, all of the Rat's had been killed. Quinn then fell to the floor on his knees gasping for air. The continues use of the Blood swipes along with his new skill Blood spray had tired him out.
< 5/30 HP >
< Blood bank has auto activated >
< 30/30 HP >
< 50 millilitres remaining in Blood bank >
< 1040/1600 Exp>
< Congratulations, Blood swipe has reached Lv. 2 >
ChapterMid();
After sitting down for a few minutes and recovering his stamina Quinn was finally be able to stand, he took a moment to take in all of the messages he had received.
Only half of his blood bank now remained. As long as he didn't get injured he only needed to consume 10 millilitres of blood every two days. This meant the remaining blood in his bank would last him a total of ten days. He didn't know how long he would be on this planet but he needed to be careful about using his skills.
If he got into a situation where he needed to fight, he needed to use his fists, and only rely on his Blood skills in an emergency like in this scenario.
Who knew if there was another human being on this planet?
There were only two good things that had come out of the whole situation, the fact that his blood swipe skill had levelled up. There was no change in the description on how it worked, but assuming it had now levelled up, he hoped it was now stronger.
If the system was like a game, then it meant the more he used the skill the quicker it would level up. The only thing Quinn was unsure about was whether or not using the blood swipe in the game had helped it level up quicker. There was no way for him to tell as there was no experience bar for his skills.
The second good thing that had come out of this, was the EXP he had gained. To gain the same amount of experience points as he had just gained at this moment, he would have had to play the game for days.
Quinn then walked up to the dead beasts on the floor. Before when he had killed the first Rattaclaw he didn't have time to extract the beast crystal from its body but inside the building, it seemed like he was safe from other creatures.
Using the tip of his gauntlets he tore open the beasts, he searched around inside the chest looking for a glowing crystal. Usually, someone doing this for the first time it would affect them. Maybe they would have even thrown up a few times searching around inside the organs of the beast.
But for some reason, Quinn felt like he was unaffected and it didn't bother him at all. He couldn't help but think ever since he had become a Halfling his view on what was normal and what wasn't was changing.
After searching around for a while Quinn finally found it. It was a small round crystal ball with tiny little bumps all over, and around the same size as an adult's fist.
< Basic tier Beast crystal obtained >
<Would you like to store it in your inventory?>
Then another message had appeared.
"Inventory?" Quinn thought," You mean I had one this whole time!"
Quinn selected the yes option and suddenly, the crystal in his hand slowly started to vanish away and finally, it had completely disappeared.
He then opened up his status screen and now there was a tab for inventory, as he selected the tab he could see the single beast crystal stored inside.
"I wonder if I can put anything else in there?"
Quinn then tried using his mind to store his gauntlets into the inventory, if he could store weapons and other things it would be really handy for future trips. He tried and tried but nothing appeared from the system.
Whenever he wanted to do something with the system in the past, all he had to do was think about it and it would work, but even taking off the gauntlets and touching them, thinking about the inventory while wearing them, nothing seemed to work.
Although he was able to make the crystal he had obtained, appear into his hand and back into the inventory at will.
Quinn then went to extract the crystals from the remaining nine Rat's. Each time he did he found it easier than the last to locate it inside the body and every time he held a crystal in his hand, the system message would appear.
< Basic tier beast crystal (10) >
He had collected all ten and couldn't help but feel pleased with himself. The beast crystals could be used to turn into beast weapons or beast armour but looking at the rat-like creature Quinn had no idea what it could be used for.
Every beast crystal depending what beast it had come from had a different use and you could try to figure it out from what the beast was like.
For example, if a beast crystal was obtained from a large turtle-like creature then it would most likely a defensive item could be crafted. Maybe it could be turned into a shield or even a good piece of chest armour.
But regardless, even if the item created Quinn had no use for, the least he could do was sell the basic tier beast crystals. Each crystal sold would sell for a total of ten credits. Which meant he could either use the money to purchase beast gear himself or he could use it to spend more time in the game.
After tinkering around in his system and his stamina fully recovered, Quinn decided to try to climb up to the roof of the building. Even though the building he was in was safe, he was on a strict time scale and needed to find the portal back fast.
He walked around and looked for any cracks and gaps he could see in the stairs. Eventually, after making a few detours he had reached the top of the building.
The building was about three stories high and wasn't the biggest but at least he now had a better view of where he was. As he looked around all he could see were buildings that resembled human structures.
That's when he spotted something, one of the buildings without a doubt had the same crest as the school he attended.
"So this really is a human shelter, but then why is it all ruined and destroyed?"
The building was large in size and square-like but only two stories high, out of all the buildings around it, it was in better shape than all the others.
Quinn had recognized the building as they had one in the city, he was currently in. It was the military storage room. It was where they kept all their high-end equipment, ability books, skill books and beast weapons.
"There's a good chance the portal might be located in there?" Quinn then startled to smile," Even if there isn't, I can't waste this opportunity."
****
Remember to Vote for to support the story for a Mass release weekend.
4600 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4800 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 68 Guility People Run
Unknown to the students at the school there was currently chaos going on between the upper staff.
Fay one of the sergeants of the school was walking down the hallway at incredible speed. Even though she was only walking, she was causing gusts of wind to hit the students as she walked past them.
Using her ability even her walking speed was faster than most people's top running speed. Eventually, she had arrived at her destination.
A single wooden door in the first-year building which had a sign out front saying the words" General." On it.
"May I come in sir!" Fay said in a loud demanding voice.
"Sure," Nathan replied.
Fay barged the door open and quickly zoomed to Nathan's desk, the wind that came along with her caused papers to be flown and scattered all over the room.
"Hey, I was nearly done with that!" Nathan shouted.
As head of the first years, he was a busy person. He would normally be in charge of looking over the new students arriving and doing research into each of their backgrounds. It was important for the school to know who belonged to which family. As they needed to keep an eye on those with a more powerful background.
"The portals have been used!" Fay shouted," Two students seem to have been registered to have gone through them."
Nathen started to pick up the papers that were scattered around the room one by one." Is that all, well why don't you just go and get them back?"
"I'm afraid it's because they have gone through a red portal, sir."
Nathen then dropped all the piles of paper he had picked up from the floor." What, how did this happen, weren't there meant to be guards stationed at the portal."
"Apparently there was a scheduling conflict, when the guards changed shift, their replacements never arrived."
Nathan then went to sit back in his chair as he struggled to think what to do." Stupid parents, this is why I said we should have cameras stationed in the school, but it was hard enough to allow them to get those trackers put on them."
The original families had a big say in what went on and what didn't. Although it was compulsory for every person to go to military school for two years at the age of sixteen, the originals were powerful people in the outside world.
During the war, four big families had emerged from it. Each power as great as each other and equal to the military. The structure of the world had changed, money hardly meant anything anymore and a new system was put in place.
The credit system.
Those who were strong and able to contribute to the world, earned credits. An example of this would be those who could kill high-level beasts and obtain their crystals to make weapons.
While the others too weak to complete a task such as this, were continued to be treated as trash and a waste of space.
Of course, the families hated the idea of the military spying on their children. Afraid that they might try to learn their secrets.
"Do we know which students have gone through the portal?" Nathan asked as he picked up his cup of coffee and started to sip it.
"The first one is the student by the name of Quinn Talen."
Hearing this name meant nothing to him, he couldn't remember it so most likely it wasn't anyone important in the school.
"And the second one is Vorden Blade."
At that moment, Nathan spat out his coffee all over the table.
"Him again," After the incident with the second years Nathan decided to look into Vorden's family background a bit more, and if they were to find out, this would be bad news." Make sure his family don't learn anything, we have to keep this a secret for as long as we can."
*****
The next day morning classes had started, today was the Day of the group assessment and the first-year students would be heading off to their first portal outing.
As class had started for the Day, Layla noticed that Vorden and Quinn weren't in their seats. However, Peter was in his and he had his head faced down looking at the ground.
"Hey Peter, do you know where Vorden and Quinn are today?" She asked.
Peter had completely ignored her.
"Hey, Peter..." She said as she placed her hand on his shoulder.
All she could feel was Peter's body shaking slightly.
"I didn't do anything!" Peter snapped.
"Huh, what?" Layla said confused." I was asking if you knew where Quinn and Vorden was, did they not come back to the dorm room yesterday?"
"Oh, sorry, yeah they were there when I went back," Peter said with his voice all shaky." I don't know why they haven't come to class this morning?"
Layla noticed that Peter was sweating like crazy, it was normal for Peter to act a little strange but he was acting extra unusual today. She decided that is was most likely nothing for her to worry about and sat in her seat as usual.
"They wouldn't miss today, we're meant to go out Portal hunting as a team."
Just then Del had entered the room, he didn't have his usual cheery face on and instead had a bland serious look." I'm afraid that I have to inform you all that today's portal outing has been cancelled for now."
Upon hearing the news, the students groaned and complained.
"What! But I wanted to test out my new beast weapon."
"Yeah, I was hoping to maybe kill a beast as well."
"Quit down!" Del said loudly," This isn't permanent but at the moment the school staff are busy with another matter and until they are free, we will be unable to go on the outing."
A single student then raised his hand in the centre of the class.
As Del looked at the student he sighed.
"Yes."
"What matter are they dealing with.?"
"Now if I could tell you that I would have told you, wouldn't I?"
The class then continued as normal, a few of the students were still annoyed but then a big question was on everyone's mind, what happened and why was it suddenly cancelled?
Layla, on the other hand, was more concerned where Vorden and Quinn were. Why hadn't the teachers said anything about them not attending class? If they were injured in a fight last night then the guards should have picked them up and taken them to the nurse's office.
There was also a strict curfew for them and no one skipped class. Yet Dell hadn't mentioned a single thing about them.
As class ended the students continued to speak and it turned out that, Layla wasn't the only one who was concerned about where Vorden and Quinn went.
Erin had then come over to where Layla was.
"Any idea about the other two?" Erin said bluntly.
"No, I have no idea, do you want to go look for them with me?" Layla asked nicely.
The two of them didn't know each other well and their interactions with each other so far had been short. It actually surprised Layla that Erin had come over to her in the first place.
"No thanks." Erin replied," Now that the portal training has been delayed, I am in no rush to find them, but I came over to tell you some news I heard some students talking about."
Layla leaned in to listen carefully.
"Yesterday, while I was walking by two students, said they overheard the Sergeant shouting at the general, something about two students going into the portals. My guess is that's the reason why this whole thing has been delayed in the first place."
Layla then stood up from her seat and grabbed Erin by the shoulders.
"Wait, what did you say!?"
Erin had moved her head slightly back, she was startled and confused by Layla's actions and felt a little uncomfortable.
"Don't you see, Vorden and Quinn have to be the missing students, no wonder Del didn't say anything about them."
Then suddenly, it felt like she was being handed pieces of a jigsaw puzzle one by one but there was still one missing piece and she knew exactly the person who could give her the last piece.
As she turned her head, she looked Peter dead in the eye.
Peter felt like Layla was staring into his soul, this whole time he had been worried. What if someone had seen him leave the portal room? What if the other first-years reported it was him? He hardly had any sleep last night and couldn't concentrate on anything.
Then when Layla had spoken to him in the morning he slipped up. He was trying so hard to act natural it had the opposite effect. And now the look in Layla's eyes told him she had figured out something.
As soon as Layla took a step forward, Peter got out of his seat and ran for it.
"Erin, we have to get Peter, he knows something."
"What makes you think that?" Erin asked.
"A person who isn't guilty doesn't run away for no reason."
****
Remember to Vote for to support the story for a Mass release weekend.
4600 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4800 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 69 The Chair
Blood was dripping from the top of his head and started to go trickle down to his eyebrow. He lifted his hand to wipe the blood while holding a dagger made of mud in his other hand.
"What did I say, you got us killed Vorden!"
"Will you shut up, unless you want to fight the damned thing instead?"
On the floor in front of Vorden was a single defeated Rattaclaw, and next to it was another one unharmed and injured. When Vorden had arrived, he had encountered a Rattaclaw out in the wild.
Knowing that there were likely more basic beasts in the area and not wanting to attract their attention. Vorden had run into the closest building.
It was mainly a large empty warehouse with several broken crates and scrap metal piles all over the place. With only one entrance, he had no choice but to fight.
His skills faired him well. Even though he only had the Level a one earth ability, Vorden was skilled. He placed his hand on the ground early on as soon as he had step foot on the planet and had transformed a piece of earth into a dagger. It was the weapon he was most comfortable with.
He managed to dodge the Rats attacks at the right time and slice at the beast. The only problem was the Rat's skin was tough and Vorden's powers were weak.
He didn't have monstrous strength and could only rely on the ability and skill given to him.
But eventually, Vorden managed to cause enough damage to hurt the Rat significantly and just as he was delivering the final blow, another Ratttaclaw had come up behind him. At the last second, he managed to react but its claws had still sliced the top of his head, causing three small marks to appear.
"Fine, then, let me take control of the seat and I'll fight this damned Rat."
Vorden then left the seat in his mind and allowed Raten to take his place. It was a pitch-black room with a single chair, and above the chair was a shining white light. The light above the chair was the only source of light in the whole room.
When Raten sat down, he took control of the body.
Meanwhile, Vorden walked off into the darkness and inside was another figure that looked just like Vorden, only they were sitting on the floor swaying backwards and forwards. Their fingers would constantly roll around each other and part of his shirt was in his mouth.
"How are you holding up, are you feeling better?" Vorden asked.
"Yeah, is Quinn going to be okay?" He said as he continued to sway backwards and forwards.
"I'm sure he's fine, you know he's special. We all did from the moment we first met him."
The other Vorden look alike then smiled.
"Special, just like Caser was, and Marlin, and Fuffu but they all died as well."
Vorden gulped as he could see the swaying getting faster.
"This time is different, me and Raten are here to protect you, you can stay here as long as you want and when you're ready you can come out once again. Leave all the talk to me, all the fighting to Ratan and we can do this together."
The swaying started to slow down and at the same time so did Vorden's nerves.
As Vorden went to walk back to the seat he could see that Raten had already dealt with the beast rather quickly. The Rat was covered in several earth spikes that were piercing through its body from the ground. It's back tail had been cut off and black blood was falling from its mouth.
"Did you really have to go that far?" Vorden asked.
"That cheeky little crap ruined our body, I can't let it get away with that."
Raten then stood up from the chair and allowed Vorden once again to sit in the glowing light and the chair.
Vorden then proceeded to carve out the beast crystals form the two Rat's and placed them in his trouser leg pocket. It would have been a waste after defeating them just to throw them away.
But just as Vorden finished extracting the beast crystal, the sound of clanging was heard from behind. Vorden quickly turned around to see what it was, and to his surprise, it was a fully grown adult man, he had emerged from just behind one of the crates.
"I come in peace," the man said with his arms lifted up. Although the man quickly put his hands down and started to place his hand around his ribs.
Just from looking at him, Vorden could tell straight away the man was a Traveller and a skilful one at that. The equipment he was wearing was at least at the advanced tier beast level, and he had armour all over his body including two short swords on his back.
The man then sat down on the ground, to have a rest and lent his body up against one of the crates.
Vorden walked over to traveller cautiously, it was rare to even meet a traveller in this type of place and who knew what the man's true intentions where. Someone had to be at least at a decent skill level to be asked to enter a Red portal planet.
"Don't worry I won't bite," the man said," What's a kid like you doing in a place like this? I didn't know the military was that desperate that they were now sending a single student to a hell hole like this."
"I got stuck here, it was an accident and I need to find a way out."
Now that Vorden was closer to the man he had a clear few of him. He had short purple spikey hair and it had several marks on his face. By the way he was holding his side, it looked like he had some broken ribs too.
"Looks like we both have the same goal at least." The traveller said." The names Ian, I came through another portal and was hunting out a beast in the wild, I was badly hurt and too far away from the original portal, so in a last-ditch effort, I decided to come to this abandoned shelter. I was hoping to either find some medical equipment that could heal me or maybe even a portal that led back to earth."
Ian then looked at the two dead Rattaclaw's on the ground.
"You're quite skilful to have defeated two of them on your own, especially for someone as young as yourself. You have my thanks, I was too badly hurt form the beast before, that Rattaclaw had chased me into the warehouse and I was waiting for it to go away. I never expected someone else to be here in this shelter."
"You're welcome" Vorden replied," Well since we both have the same goal anyway, do you have any idea where the portal could be?"
"Sure, there were a few buildings I spotted on my way over here, it's best if we check them out first."
Vorden then held out his hand for a handshake.
"The name's Vorden."
Ian took out his hand and shook Vorden's hand.
"I look forward to us working together."
As the two of their hands connected, an energy started to surge into Vorden's body, and a smile appeared.
*****
Mass release tomorrow. Remember to Vote for to support the story for a Mass release next weekend.
4600 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4800 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 70 Intermediate beas
A few hours had passed since Vorden had first arrived on the planet and it seemed like it was still night outside. It was troublesome for him and made it harder for him to spot beasts. Especially in the rundown shelter where they could easily hide between buildings.
There was no lights source anywhere since nearly everything seemed like it had been destroyed years ago and the only thing that was giving off light where the two moons in the sky.
Meaning while they were inside, it was even harder for him to see.
"Do you know when the sun will rise?" Vorden asked," Maybe it will be best if we travel once the sunlight comes out, then we can spot beasts easier."
"You really don't know where we are, do you?" Ian replied," This Planet spin cycle last an entire year and right now, we are only six months in. I'm afraid we won't be seeing light for a very long time. but if you want to wait six months, you go ahead."
With no sunlight, it was hard for Vorden to tell how long he had actually been on the planet and he could only guess. This was a problem for him. Right now Vorden had the earth ability as well as Ian, the Travellers ability but without knowing when 24 hours had passed. He wouldn't know when an ability would disappear.
After waiting a few more moments, Ian was able to stand up again, he winced a little as he stood up and placed his hands on his side. Vorden noticed it before but now he was sure of it, the man was badly hurt.
"You're wondering what happened aren't you." Ian said," I was out hunting an advanced beast requested from a company. I don't know why they wanted it so bad, but it was from a specific beast that could only be obtained from this planet."
"Did you get it?" Vorden asked.
Just then Ian pulled out a crystal, the same size as Vorden had gotten form the Rat, only this one shined a lot brighter and had a clearer layer on the outside. The core itself of the crystal could be seen better. The clearer the crystal meant the higher tier beast it had come from.
Once the two of them were ready, they decided to head back outside, while Ian took the lead. They made sure to travel close to the buildings rather than in the middle of the street. If anything spotted them they could quickly dart inside for combat.
"Hey Vorden, I have an idea." Raten said," Why don't we kill the adventurer while he's weak and get that crystal of his? We could sell it for a fortune or even make some really good equipment out of the thing."
"Are you an idiot, once we kill him then what would we do? His ability would only last for twenty-four hours, if we don't find a way out of here in time we would completely be done for."
Then suddenly Ian stopped as he spotted something.
"Look over there." Ian pointed.
In the middle of the street laid a single dead Rattaclaw, the two of them looked around before proceeding to move closer to it. When they arrived, they could see that the Rattaclaw had his head completely bashed in.
"It looks like it wasn't killed too long ago and had its head's been pounded in," Ian said as he bent down to get a closer look. Then he suddenly pulled out a beast crystal." Whoever it was they didn't have time to remove the beast crystal, they were probably being chased by something else. Strange, I didn't expect to see one person here but it looks like there's now another."
"Hey, do you think that's your friend," Raten said.
"Maybe, it's hard to tell, we don't even know what Quinn is capable of Afterall," Vorden replied.
"Actually," Vorden said out loud." I wasn't the only one who came through here by accident, my friend came here with me and I was actually hoping to find him."
"I won't ask for details." Ian said," But don't get your hopes up, I was surprised to see you alive never mind your friend."
After hearing from Vorden that there was another student here. Ian felt like he should try help out. At least confirm whether or not this friend of his was alive. He knew that the Rattaclaw's rarely travelled solo which meant most likely he was chased by a few more after defeating the first one.
He started to inspect the Rattaclaw on the floor and found a trail of black blood. Single drops leading somewhere.
"Come on, let's go see if we can find that friend of yours."
The two of them continued to follow the trail until it eventually led them to a three-story building, as they entered the first floor it was mostly empty with no signs of anything, but Ian decided to continue to follow the trail of black blood that led up the set of stairs.
"What happened here?" Ian thought. As they walked up the first set, they could see more and more black blood splattered everywhere on the walls. Then when they walked up even further, the two of them were stunned at the scene.
Lying on the ground where ten Rattaclaws dead, completely still each one with their beast crystal carved out.
"Who did this? Are there more people here, maybe another team on a mission?" Ian said." I'm sorry, I thought perhaps the Rattaclaw outside was killed by your student friend but it looks like I was wrong. You would need at least a small team to take out ten at once like this."
Even Ian who was a well-established Traveller felt like he would struggle taking out Ten at once. Although the beast whereof the weakest tier it was hard to imagine fighting ten of them and coming out unscathed.
"Do you still think it's your friend?" Raten asked.
"Probably not," Vorden replied," But if there are others out there. I'm a little worried, just where is Quinn?"
The two of them then decided to climb to the roof. This way Ian had a bearing of where he was and could decide where to go next. They stood on top of the roof and looked down, that's when the two of them spotted something.
"Get down quick!" Ian said.
As the two of them laid on their front, they slowly peaked over the ledge of the roof to once again confirm what they had seen.
It was a beast that walked on six legs, three on each side, its body stood upright like that of a human while the bottom half was like that of a scorpion but then where it's head should be, there was a single largemouth, for arms it had four large claws. It was a hideous beast that clearly wasn't from earth.
"An intermediate beast," Ian said.
As they continued to watch it, they saw the beast slowly enter into a building.
"Hey what's that building?" Vorden asked, as he noticed the building was in good condition." Could the portal be inside there?"
"That's the storage room." Ian answered," I doubt the portal would be inside there, usually those places get targeted by thieves and such so they tend to not make the portal area so obvious and even if it was in there, it would be best if we let the beast leave first. The way I am now I would stand no chance against the thing."
****
Mass release Day, please remember to vote for another mass release.
4600 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
4800 Stones = 4 extra Chapters
500 + stones = 1 extra Chapter

 
Chapter 71 Storage room
The storage building was a single level large floor, which resembled that of a hanger. The main purpose of the building at a shelter was to keep equipment such as mechs, airships and all sorts. They also used it as a temporary room to store things for travellers.
Quinn had left the other building and slowly started to make his way to the storage room, he had no clue when the sun would rise and needed a place to stay for the night. After fighting the group of Rattaclaw's he was feeling a bit tired.
Not only that but he was hoping that he might come across some treasures at the storage room. He just couldn't see the downside of trying to reach the building.
On his way he treaded carefully to make sure he didn't alert any more beasts in the area, as he walked through form building to building, he spotted a few Rattaclaw's feasting on something in the middle of the street. '
"Damn there everywhere, there just like Rat's back on earth." Quinn thought.
If there was a single Rat on its own then he might have chosen to confront it, but while there were three of them out on the street, he didn't want to risk it. The experience points gained from killing a beast was tempting but to fight three at once, meant there was a chance he would either have to use his blood spray or at least his blood swipe skill.
Quinn continued to head towards the storage building until finally, he had arrived. At the front, there were two large steel doors which slid open. Afraid that they might make a lot of noise and attract unwanted attention. He decided to walk around the building to see if there were any other openings or entrance.
After walking around the side of the building, he had no such luck but as he nearly reached the back of the building, he started to hear strange noises. He slowly crept down the side making sure to make no noise.
With his back hugging the side of the wall, he peeked out to take a look, it seemed like there was another Rattaclaw, only this one was squealing and on its back in pain.
Its cries were weak and he wondered just how long had the beast been there for. After waiting a few moments there was no sign of any other creatures.
He came out from the side of the wall and walked up to the injured Rattaclaw on its back. As he got closer to it, the Rattaclaw snarled at Quinn and tried to swipe its claws out, but the attacks were far to slow and the beast could hardly move.
"Still trying to kill me even in this state." Quinn thought. As he got closer the beast continued to swing it's arms out towards Quinn despite it not being able to move. Its leg's had been crushed by something and it had a large wound on its stomach.
"Let me put you out of your pain." He walked up to the beast and with a single blow to its head, it had died.
< 100 exp points gained >
< 1140/1600 exp >
As Quinn looked at the back of the building, he could see a small hole in one of the corners.
"Did the Rattaclaw come out from there?"
Before entering he gulped at the thought that perhaps whatever injured the Rat might be inside. Crawling on his front, he had reached the hole and tried to pop his head in. It was big enough for a human to fit through but what he was afraid of was inside the building. If he entered the building there might be a hundred of those things or something that was stronger than the Rattaclaw itself.
Quinn crawled forward to the entrance of the hole and started to look into the hanger. Although the hanger contained no light source and was completely void of light from the moon. His vision allowed him to see clearly inside.
After scouting the area for a while, it seemed like there was nothing inside, but of course, he couldn't be sure. He thought about it for a while but in the end, the possibility of getting a new beast weapon or something amazing was too tempting for him.
He crawled through the hole and entered into the hanger. As he stood up onto his feet, he was quickly disappointed by the state of the hanger.
Nearly everything inside had been destroyed and just piles of scrap metal and rubbish remained.
There were no Airships, mechs, and no beast weapons. Whatever was left was unable to be used. However, the building was large and Quinn wouldn't give up just form his initial view.
He started to walk around the hanger for a while until eventually, there was a room stationed in the corner. It was hard to tell how big it was but it seemed like it went the whole length of the hanger and on closer inspection, it looked more like a large container.
He walked up to the room and there was a single steel door with a passcode device next to it. The door was military-grade which meant even those with abilities would find it hard to break it down. Perhaps it was the reason why no one so far had been able to enter including the beasts.
But it was clear to him, that whatever was in the container had yet to be destroyed and most likely whatever was inside was important stuff worth locking.
"Should I try hammer strike on it?" Quinn looked around the hanger, the ceiling was high and the roof was made of metal. If he was to perform Hammer strike in a place like this the sound would just echo out.
However, Quinn didn't want to give up that easy, all that stood in front of him and his treasures was a single door. There must be something he could do?
He looked at the passcode on the side and pressed four random digits before pressing the enter button.
"Beep!"
"Of course, I'm not that lucky." He thought.
Right now, Quinn was desperate and wanted to try everything, he thought perhaps if he was to use the inspect skill maybe it would give him some information.
< Inspect >
< A passcode machine which is linked to a steel door. Entering the right combination to the door will successfully open it. >
Just as Quinn was about to give up another notification sound was heard in his head.
< Inspect skill is now Level 2 >
< Inspect skill will now display more information, about objects, humans, items and more >
Ever since his Blood swipe skill had levelled up, Quinn was sure his other skills could level up too but he never thought about his inspect skill too much while using it.
Looking at the lock again, His gut was telling him to try it.
< Inspect >
< A passcode machine which is linked to a steel door. Entering the right combination to the door will successfully open it. Please touch the lock for more information. >
Quinn then did as his inspect skill said and touched the lock. Nothing happened but then, he used the inspect skill one more time.
< A passcode machine which is linked to a steel door. Entering the right combination to the door will successfully open. The combination to the door is 2536725364 >
Quinn immediately tested out the number the system had given him.
"Beep!"
*Kachuck
The door then made an unlocking sound and swung open.
****
Mass release day, please vote to show your appreciation.

 
Chapter 72 Inside the container
Seeing that the intermediate beast was patrolling around the storage room, Ian and Vorden had decided to go to a different part of the shelter. As Ian said it was most likely the Portal wasn't there in the first place.
Even though the portal was in a red zone, the portal on the other end still had to be placed in a safe place to make sure either beast from the other planet didn't enter it or destroy it. Of course, a party or a group could bring a portal with them to get back to their own world but these were very expensive.
Somone at Ian's level didn't have one of these devices because once they had been set up, they were unable to be taken back with them. It was a onetime use device.
"Any ideas of where the Portal might be?" Vorden asked.
"My guess is somewhere underground. It's safe from most of the beasts that way. Most likely they have a special building that looks like any other and a secret entrance."
"Wait so are you saying we just have to keep going into buildings?"
"Well we can rule out all the residential buildings, they wouldn't be able to build a large enough base under those, and any of the small buildings or dangerous areas you can rule out as well. There are only so many big buildings that would be large enough to store a big base under."
The two of them continued to look into building after building but there was no luck or no sign of a secret room. Eventually, they had entered what looked like a library. Although most of the books had been destroyed and several of the bookcases had fallen over as well.
That's when a loud grumbling sound had come from Vorden's belly.
"I guess we have been travelling for a while now, why don't we rest here for the night, it doesn't look like there any beasts here and we can build our own fortress," Ian said.
The two of them then went up to the second floor of the building. There were large holes and broken-down walls on the first floor which made it easy for beasts to attack them. Once they had reached the second floor, the two of them started to lift up a few of the bookshelves.
It seemed like Ian had the ability of super strength seeing how easily he moved the heavy bookshelves, but Vorden knew that wasn't true. The reason why Ian seemed like he had extra strength was actually from the beast armour he was wearing.
Certain beast armour once above the basic tier had special properties. If the user was able to activate these properties, they could increase the base strength of the user. Giving him more power, extra speed. Overall, it just improved you as a human being and almost made you seem to be a superhuman.
Vorden could see Ian was still struggling though, most likely due to his injuries but there was no way he himself could move the giant bookshelves so easily. So instead Vorden helped out in his own way by clearing a space and moving all the books and piles of rubbish away.
ChapterMid();
After an hour or so they were done. Ian had moved the bookshelves to create a small type of fortress around them.
"It's a nice home isn't it?" Ian said proudly of his work." Well, what are you waiting for, come on let's go inside."
As Quinn walked inside Ian followed behind and as he did, he pulled one last bookshelf around them, sealing them up in a cube-like shape surrounded by bookshelves. The room they were in was now pitch black.
Ian then punched part of the bookshelves with his fist, creating a hole in all four directions letting in a little bit of light, but more importantly, it was used to let them peak through and see if any danger was coming towards them.
He then pulled out a little small stone from his pocket and placed It on the ground in the centre of the room. He tapped the stone once and a warm orange light started to shine from it. The light wasn't very strong but in the small dark room, it made a huge difference.
"Here take this," Ian said as he handed a small circle pill to Vorden.
"Is this a food supplement?" Vorden asked.
"Yeah, I'm guessing if you came here on accident you don't have any with you."
Vorden looked at the pill before shoving it down his throat and into the stomach. A food supplement was a pill that contained all the things a human needed to live. As long as a person took one pill of these a day, they no longer needed to eat.
Although it gave the human enough calories and vitamins, it did nothing in terms of water continent. You would still need to find your own water source. Luckily in the shelter, it seemed like the waterworks in nearly every building was working.
So it wasn't a problem for Ian and Vorden.
"You get some sleep and I'll keep watch, then will do a little switch later on," Ian said." Sounds good?"
"Yeah."
******
As he heard the sound of the door unlocking a grin appeared on his face that couldn't be contained.
"I love you system, I swear I'll never talk badly about you ever again," Quinn said as he stepped into the container.
But as he stepped in, his hopes of finding legendary beast equipment or stashes of beast crystals were soon lost. The room was simply filled with shelves of books, nothing else but books.
However, as soon as Quinn picked up one of the books closest to him his mind was quickly changed.
< Earth ability book level 1 >
< Unable to learn would you like to convert into 10 exp? >
It was a container room filled with ability and skill books. Although Quinn was unable to learn the ability, he immediately converted the book into exp points.
As soon as Quin decided to convert the book into exp, it started to vanish in his very hands as if it was disintegrating. A sensation was felt form inside and finally, the message had appeared.
< 10 exp gained >
< 1150/1600 exp >
After absorbing the first book Quinn started to pick up book after book. After going through the books Quinn found out that a level one skill book would give him 5 exp points while a level 1 ability book would give him 10 exp points.
If he had already absorbed that book again the system wouldn't even pop up with another message. It was a shame since most of the books inside the container were earth books that the military had the most control over.
Quinn got closer to the back of the container and found that the level of the books would increase. A level 2 ability book would gain him 100 exp points, while a level 2 skill book would gain him 50. This would be the case even if he had already absorbed the level 1 version of the ability book.
And finally, after absorbing multiple books another message had appeared.
<1650/1600 exp points gained >
< You are now level 6 >
****
Mass release day, remember to vote for another one next week.

 
Chapter 73 Skillbook grinding
After levelling up Quinn immediately put his stat point into strength, and now without his gauntlets, his strength was at 15 meaning he would be able to perform the Hammer strike skill with or without the gauntlets.
As Quinn looked around the room there were still several books he hadn't even touched yet, the place really was a gold mine for him.
As he went onto the next set of shelves, with it came a new set of books. He placed his hand on the first one and it was the first Level three ability book he had come across.
\< Level 3 Earth ability book \>
\<Unable to learn, would you like to convert into 1000 Exp? \>
Quinn placed the book down and picked the book up making sure he had heard the system right, but once again the numbers he had received where correct. The level three ability book was offering him 1000 experience points.
Without hesitating, he had decided to absorb the book right away.
\< 1050/3200 points \>
Quinn then picked up the skill book right next to him and as he though it too had offered him 500 exp points. So far it seemed like a skill book would offer half the amount of points that an ability book had to offer.
He once again went on rampage grabbing every book he could on the shelf, absorbing those that he couldn't and tossing the others on the ground. Although he would have loved to take the books with him as they would have sold for a healthy price.
The books so far were unable to go into his storage like the crystals and carrying them would just be more trouble than it was worth. After going through all the books Quinn was able to level up a total of two more times.
\< Level 8 \>
\< 45/45 HP \>
No new skills were unlocked but Quinn still obtained the regular stat points for every level up. Now that his strength and agility were at level fifteen, he decided he should finally increase his stamina points.
If there was a fight that needed him to preform flash step and hammer strike multiple times, he would definitely be in trouble. After putting the two points into stamina his stats were now looking a lot more even.
\< Strength 15 (2)\>
\< Agility 15 \>
\< Stamina 14 \>
\< 510/12800 exp\>
Although the Exp needed now was getting further and further away. Which made Quinn think if there was even a cap to his levelling, or would the exp amount increase so much so, that it was no longer possible to achieve.
Quinn had now nearly touched every single book that was in the storage room. Unfortunately, the highest ability Quinn was able to find so far was a level three ability book. The further he went into the container the higher the levels but for the last few shelves, it didn't seem to be the case.
It seemed like they were just duplicates of the other level three ability books. As Quinn picked up one book the system message didn't go off. It was because it was a level 3 earth ability book that he had already absorbed.
"Hey, maybe Peter could use this?" Quinn thought.
It was only one book, Quinn was sure he would be able to carry it safely with him. But as soon as he thought about Peter, a memory entered his mind and it wasn't a good one.
Peter was the whole reason why he was in this place, and he still didn't know how long he was going to be here or if he would even be able to survive. To be honest, Quinn was just trying to make the best out of a bad situation at the moment.
As he thought about Peter anger started to enter his mind and body and he ripped the book up. He was willing to hear Peter out if he ever got out of here alive but Quinn would no longer help him.
If someone like that betrayed you once, for whatever reason, it only meant there was the chance that the same thing could happen again.
Then as Quinn looked around the container, he noticed there was one shelf at the very back of the room where he hadn't been yet. He didn't bother going over there yet because it looked empty from a distance, but as he got closer, he noticed there was a single book that had been placed on there.
As he touched the book on the shelf, a new message appeared.
\< Level 6 ability book Shadow element \>
After seeing the first message appear Quinn couldn't wait to see how much experience points a level 6 ability book would give. Perhaps it would finally shoot him up to level ten and he would unlock the use of the shop in his system.
But then something unexpected had happened.
\< Ability is compatible with system \>
\< Would you like to learn? \>
Out of shock Quinn dropped the book back onto the shelf and took a step back.
Out of all the books in the room, it was the first time he had ever received a message of this kind. He wasn't even sure it was possible but the system was clearly telling him he could learn the ability.
Then Quinn started to think back to the name of the ability" Shadow element." It was something he had never even heard of before and Quinn was quite knowledgeable about the abilities of the world.
He then picked up the book once more just to make sure and the same message had appeared. After thinking about it for a long time, he decided he would try to place the book in his storage. It hadn't worked with the other books previously but he thought it might work with this one.
And to his surprise, it worked. The ability book was safely put into his system storage with his beast crystals.
Before learning the ability, Quinn wanted to make sure he could find out more about it first. Maybe then he could find out why it was compatible with his vampire system and if so, maybe they were other abilities that would be compatible as well.
If that was the case, Quinn didn't want to rush into things. Usually, a human being was only able to use one ability for their whole lives and it could be the same for him.
As he continued to level up and get stronger, he thought about it more and more.
His system wasn't an ability, the book that was gifted to him by his father wasn't an ability book but it had completely changed him. He was no longer Human but something else altogether and it was why his abilities had worked inside the game and why he had received the option to learn another ability.
This was the only conclusion he could come to.
After storing the book away, he decided to close the door to the container unit and remain inside. It was safe here and he was starting to feel tired, at least he knew the container was strong enough to protect him from whatever beast remained outside.
He lied on the floor and in an instant closed his eyes.
****
Mass release day, please remember to vote next week for another mass release.

 
Chapter 74 Fight or Wai
His body was pressed against the cold hard floor, his eyelids slowly started to open and all he could see was a white light. For a moment while Quinn was sleeping, he had forgotten about everything that happened.
But as soon as he looked around him and realised where he was and he knew that everything wasn't a dream. Right now he wasn't at the school but was on a completely different planet miles away from home.
As he stood up and started to stretch, there was no way for him to tell how long he was out for but his body felt good. It was a surprise that he slept so well on the floor without a bed. Without realising it, he was more exhausted then he thought.
Not only physically exhausted for fighting against the beast but also mentally exhausting, the constant fear of the unknown was a terrible thing that slowly would eat away at him.
\< You're hunger grows. \>
\< Daily quest complete, avoid direct sunlight for eight hours \>
And at last, the system message had appeared, this meant that in one more day's time the system would inform him that he needed to consume human blood. He was okay for now as he still had fifty millilitres of blood in his bank.
As long as he didn't get in any more fights, he would be fine. The most important thing for him to do now was to find that portal.
As he went to open the steel door, Quinn was half expecting that the sun might be out, after all the message appearing meant it was a new day. However, he was unsure whether the system clock was related to the time on earth.
The daily quest reset every day at midnight, but if he was in another country, midnight would be different and right now he was on another planet.
But as he opened the door, he was surprised to see it was still night out, however, his mind was quickly distracted by something else.
Quinn immediately closed the door back up to the container, he placed his hand on his chest feeling his heart beating at an incredible speed.
"What was that!" Quinn thought." That was no Rat, that's for sure."
This time Quinn went to the steel door again. He placed his hand on the Metallic handle once again and slowly opened the door to take a peak and as he did a large beast stood inside the hanger.
With the body of the human but the bottom half of a scorpion-like creature, Quinn couldn't make out what it was. From the human half of its body, it also had two claws on each side.
"Inspect."
With his new inspect skill it seemed to now work at a greater distance.
\< Scordana \>
\< Intermediate level beast \>
After finding out what little information was available about the beast, Quinn quickly closed the door once again.
Although Quinn had grown three levels while inside the container, he still felt like dealing with an intermediate beast would almost be impossible for him.
The weakest of intermediate beasts were at least 10 times stronger than a basic tier beast. Of course, this would depend on the beast, for there were some beasts that were just easier to deal with than others no matter what tier they were at.
But looking at the creature, Quinn could tell it would be a tough battle. Instead, he decided to remain inside the capsule until the beast had eventually disappeared. It wasn't here when he first entered so there was always the chance it could leave.
After waiting for what felt like a considerable amount of time, He decided to open the door once again to check if the beast was still there and unfortunately it was.
That was when Quinn noticed something else that was in the hanger that wasn't there before, there were three round objects right next to the Scordana placed in a pile of scrap metal.
"Are those eggs?" Quinn thought," Inspect."
\< Scordana eggs \>
\< Intermediate beast level \>
As he saw the eggs a horrible thought had entered his mind. Quinn hadn't noticed them before meaning she must have just laid them out while he was in the container, or they might have been hidden somewhere.
But the first was more likely, now the fact that her eggs were here, meant the beast would protect them until they hatched or at least it wouldn't be moving for a while.
Quinn had two options, he could continue to wait in the container hoping that the mother would have to go out and hunt for food for herself in a while, but beast bodies were completely different compared to humans.
Sometimes a single meal could last them weeks before they had to go hunting again for another one. This felt like a risky option for Quinn for he himself was on a time frame.
Then there was the second option, if the Scordana had just given birth then there was a chance she was weaker compared to usual.
With the second option, he had to make a decision as soon as possible. The longer he waited the more chance the beast had of recovering.
In the end, Quinn gritted his teeth and stepped out of the container. Before even thinking of fighting against the beast he would try his best to sneak out.
The entrance to the front of the hanger was completely destroyed, the beast when entering had ripped apart the two metallic doors before coming in. The problem was the beast was blocking that exit but that still left Quinn with the small hole in the wall from where he had entered.
Carefully moving in between piles of scrap metal and rubbish, Quinn slowly moved across the room to the other side where he had first entered.
Then when he finally had reached the hole, he could see something else entering form the other side. It was a Rattaclaw.
"Oh no!"
As soon as the Rattaclaw pulled its body through the small hole It immediately looked up to see Quinn. Before he even had a chance to run away the Rattaclaw started squealing like mad.
"Shut up, why did you have to come here now of all times."
Then the sound of several steps was heard from behind. Quinn didn't have to turn around to know what it was but he did so anyway and as he did, a giant claw was swung down towards his head.
"Flash step."
At the last second, Quinn preformed his flash step skill avoiding the claw but he couldn't say the same for the Rattaclaw. It had been completely hammered and smashed to the ground in a single strike.
"I guess we're doing this then!"
****
End of mass release, please contiune to vote for even more Mass releases.
4800 Stones = 4 extra chapters hit
+500 stones form above goal = 1 extra chapter

 
Chapter 75 Not A Game
Now that the Scordana had spotted Quinn, he had no choice but to stand his ground and fight. In a red portal planet, there would be more dangerous and higher tier beasts than an intermediate one.
Although he could make a run for it and head outside, the commotion caused might attract even more dangerous beasts and that was the last thing he wanted.
Looking at the squashed Rattaclaw, he could tell the beast was powerful and he needed to avoid getting hit by those claws. Already using the flash step had taken a considerable amount of stamina and at most, he was able to perform it one more time during the fight.
As the scorpion creature turned, it immediately started charging forward. Hoping to scare it away and do some damage, Quinn let out two Blood swipes. This time the attack was more powerful than before. The lines looked thicker and larger as they left his hands.
The level two increase in the skill, on top of his extra stat points in strength, had really improved the attack. However, the Scorpion wasn't stupid and covered itself with its four claws blocking the attack.
As the Blood swipe made impact, the scorpion was pushed back a few steps but no damage could be seen, not even a white scratch mark on the claws.
"Damn it, the scorpion's claws are an exoskeleton!"
An exoskeleton beast meant that the beast's skeleton was on the outside, making the outer shell incredibly hard. As Quinn looked and inspected the creature even closer, he could see that every part of the beast was covered in some type of shell, apart from the upper body.
That was the beast's weak point and that's where he needed to hit.
With a plan set in his head, Quinn charged forward once again, the scorpion opened up its four claws ready to attack. The first claw came down, swiftly he was able to dodge the attack, then the next set of claws followed.
Avoiding the claws was difficult but right now Quinn was in full concentration mode, as the fourth claw came out to attack him, the beast's body was now wide open.
Then as Quinn readied his hand to cast his blood swipe skill, he felt a sharp pain in his back. As he looked up, he could see something connected to his body and when he followed it, it went behind the beast.
"A tail, that wasn't there before?"
The beast then lifted Quinn with the tail and chucked him hard up against the wall. As he fell to the ground his HP had taken a huge hit.
\< 13/45 HP \>
As Quinn looked into his stomach, he could see a large puncture had been created and blood was quickly flowing out of his body.
\< Critical hit \>
\< 12/45 HP \>
\< 11/45 HP \>
\< 10/45 HP \>
As the blood continued to leak out of Quinn's body so did his HP. In order to stop his HP from continuing to drop he had no choice.
\< Blood bank \>
\< 10 millitiers have been used \>
\< 40 milliters remaining \>
\< 15/45 HP \>
As he absorbed the blood, the puncture in his stomach slowly started to heal but it wasn't going to be enough, he needed more blood and with the Scordana charging towards him he needed it fast.
"Just use it all!"
\< Blood bank empty \>
\< 35/45 HP \>
With his health nearly full, his wounds had healed up almost instantly and Quinn was able to move once again. Looking at the scorpion he noticed the tail truly wasn't there.
"Is it able to take it into his body and out at will, this is going to be a pain."
If it wasn't for all the level's up he had received while in the container, he would have already been a dead man and with no more Blood bank, Quinn was unable to take another blow.
There were no more second chances.
Hoping to stop it's charge forward, he threw blood swipe after blood swipe. The beast held up all four of its claws and crossed it against its body, protecting it at all times.
But the beast was powerful and continued to push through despite the blood claw's coming towards it. It got closer and closer but Quinn never stopped using his blood swipes.
\< 30/45 HP \>
\< 28/45 HP \>
….
A battle of strength was being displayed between the two. The red swipes were powerful and started to knock the beast back and eventually, even the claw's started to crack but neither of them gave up.
\< 13/45 HP \>
But Quinn couldn't keep it up, if he carried on using the blood swipes then he soon would completely run out of HP, he had no choice but to change his plan.
When the beast was close enough, finally the tail was revealed from above. While its claws covered and blocked its body from the swipes, its plan was to attack from above with its long large tail.
As it fired its tail downward, just before the tail could pierce Quinn again.
"Flash step!"
Suddenly, Quinn was no longer in front of the scorpion and now was directly behind it. He gathered all his strength from the bottom of his body. It rose up into his fist and as he slammed down his foot, at the same time he pulled back his hand and released all the power he had into his attack.
"Hammer strike!"
As soon as the blow had hit the beast's soft human upper body, a large hole was created, it was around the size of a human head and a chunk had been taken out allowing him to see completely through the beast to the other side.
Then a few moments later, the beast had collapsed to the ground and so had Quinn, completely exhausted. As he lifted his hands his gauntlets had completely shattered. They were too damaged from the Rattaclaw's bite from before and it was unable to take the impact of his Hammer strike.
The gauntlets no longer gave Quinn the extra attack power it did before but it was hard for him to be upset for long for a number of messages had appeared.
\< Scordana has been killed 1000 exp \>
\< first intermediate beast kill 5000 exp \>
\< first Scordana killed 2000 exp \>
\< 8250/12800 \>
Although Now that Quinn was a higher level, it took a considerable amount of Exp to level up once more. Right now he had a serious problem, his health was incredibly low.
13/45 HP and with his blood bank empty there was no way for him to heal it back to normal.
Then a thought had come to his mind, if his system was like a game, if he levelled up would his health heal back up?
As he looked around the room, he noticed the three egg's still there in the metal pile heap. After waiting a few moments for his stamina to rise back up, he walked up to the dead Scrodana's body.
He had no hard feelings tearing the beast's body apart as he looked for the beast crystal inside. Before the old Quinn might have shown compassion and been respectful but the fight he just had, was showing him that even on other planets, the strong ruled.
Before even when he got bullied at school it was never like this, of course, the strong ruled at school and he couldn't do anything about it but he never came close to dying. He just took several beatings but for the first time, he truly felt like he was close to death.
Finally, after tearing and rummaging through several limbs the beast crystal was obtained and stored in his system once again.
Now Quinn looked at the eggs in the room, as he went forward, he lifted one of the eggs. They were large and about the same size as football. He took a few steps back before lifting it into the air and slamming it into the ground.
Black blood had been splattered all across the floor and a little half-grown scorpion could be seen inside.
\< Scordana Egg killed 1000 exp \>
\< first Scordana egg kill 2000 exp \>
\< 11250/12800 exp \>
To Quinn's surprise, the system had counted the egg as a new beast kill so he also received the bonus points for that too.
He then went over to the over two eggs and threw them both to the ground similar to the first one.
\< Scordana egg killed 1000 exp \>
\< Scordana egg killed 1000 exp \>
\< 13250/12800 exp \>
\< Congratulations you are now level 9 \>
\< 13/50 HP\>
…
…
As Quinn looked at the information displayed, for the first time he was unpleased with a level up. The system hadn't given his health back like he thought it might have done. Although his HP had increased nothing else had changed.
It made him realise that although his system was like a game, it wasn't. This was real life and the next message made him realise that even more.
\<Your hunger grows\>
\<You can no longer suppress your need for blood\>
\<Your HP will decrease by -1HP every hour until you have consumed Human blood\>
****
We hit 6000 stones last week! Congrats in unlocking the mass release. New goal for mass release next weekend.
5800 stones = 2 extra Chapters
6000 Stones = 4 extra chapters

 
Chapter 76 Find the Portal
Due to Quinn's energy and most of his blood being used in the fight earlier, his body was now no longer naturally healing itself. He was too hungry to heal and would need blood.
As Quinn looked at his system, a certain number stuck out to him and it was all he could hear in his head, the number Thirteen.
"With thirteen points that's thirteen hours before I reach 0 and that's only if I don't use any of my skills or get injured along the way."
He was really struggling with what to do, should he sit and wait, perhaps the school would send someone after him, or should he walk around and try to find the portal. If he did, there was the chance he could run into more beasts on the way.
"I have no choice, I have to try to find the portal," Quinn said.
This was his only option. In reality, he would have liked to think the school would have sent someone after him. This might have been the case if Quinn had a strong family backing him or he was a potentially high-level user but Quinn was none of those.
He was an orphan with no family backing and the school still believed he was a level 1 user, someone with no ability. Why would they bother risking their lives for someone like him? It just didn't make any sense even to him. He had no choice but to soldier on.
Before leaving the hanger, Quinn had to think hard about just where the portal would be. All he knew was that they had to place it somewhere safe. Somewhere the beasts wouldn't be able to get to it.
The shelter was a big place though with many buildings, it wasn't as big as the city the school was in, but still big. To get from one side of the shelter to the other it would take him at least two hours and that was walking at a decent pace.
As he walked through the city, he decided to tread very carefully. Even if he came across a basic tier beast, it would cause all sorts of problems for him. As he walked through the city he went through at an incredibly slow pace.
Once in a while, he would come across a building with beasts inside. Although Quinn's eyesight was incredibly handy in situations like these. The beasts too had good eyesight in the darkness for they had lived on the planet but his seemed to be even better than theirs.
As he entered the buildings there would be cases where Quinn had spotted them far up ahead in the darkness, he quickly would shift and hide in the shadows or behind wall's waiting for the beasts to leave and when he was ready, he would zoom past and around.
With no direction to go in and just simply wandering around, Quinn had already used up two hours of his time exploring the place.
\< 11/50 HP \>
The hunger in his belly was starting to distract him and it was getting harder for him to focus as his health had gone down.
Then finally, Quinn had spotted another building that was relatively in good condition. It was a large dome-like shape building. The training centre, a place where Travellers could come and test out their skills or practice with new equipment.
The outside of the dome was made with special material in case practice matches got a bit out of hand and a stray attack would hit the outside now and then. It was capable of withstanding attacks from some of the strongest beasts and power level users.
"No wonder it's in good condition," Quinn said as he looked at the building.
It was the only other place Quinn could think of where the portal could be kept safe. The place was large and had a sturdy outside that was yet to be destroyed.
As Quinn got closer to the dome building, he noticed there where several mechs stationed outside that had been destroyed. Their cores completely ripped out.
Mechs were a powerful device used in the war but to power them they required an incredibly powerful beast crystal of a high tier.
It was a strange thing because the higher power levels preferred to use their own abilities, while the lower power levels could never afford to use such a thing. Most of the mechs were used by the military or private companies that hired Low-level travellers to operate the thing.
However, it was a double-edged sword for a low-level Traveller. Usually, they would come with contracts, if the mechs were ever destroyed then the user would be asked to pay for them. Of course, a low level in their whole life time could never afford to pay back something as expensive as a mech. Causing them to forever be a slave to the company.
Just another one of the changes that had happened after the war with the Dalki. During the War Humans were brought together to fight the common enemy but once the treaty was signed the greed of humans were shown.
If the Dalki knew how ununited earth was at the moment, Quinn was sure earth would lose the way it was right now.
That's why he needed to get stronger, to protect himself.
As he reached the entrance of the training centre, he could see that two Rattaclaw's were standing out in front of the building. Before entering he decided to walk around the large dome carefully to see if there were any other entrances, but there were none besides the first one he had seen.
He returned back to the entrance and was hidden behind one of the destroyed mechs around thirty meters away from the entrance. Even though he had walked around for about thirty minutes the Rattaclaws remained there unmoving.
He decided to wait a little longer hoping that the Rattaclaw's might move.
\< 10/50 HP \>
But as he saw the message bring his health down once again, he was only getting even more aggravated. The Rat's didn't look like they would be leaving any time soon and Quinn needed to come up with a plan.
***
Two Chapters today go read the next one. Remember to vote for mass release.
5800 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
6000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 77 Losing it all
As Quinn looked around him, he found a broken piece of the mech nearby, it was a long metal shape looked similar to a pole but he had no idea what part of the mech it was used for.
He picked it up and looked off into the distance. He aimed carefully at another mech that was destroyed, far up ahead and off to the side of the entrance.
Using all his strength he threw the piece of metal a great distance. It was an amazing feat and looked almost super human, of course, Quinn was only able to perform this because he had super strength compared to others.
The piece of metal landed exactly where he was aiming for making a large clang sound as it fell on the mech. The Rat's then looked up at where the noise was coming from and quickly scurried off in the direction of the sound.
"This is my chance."
Quinn using all the powers in his legs, bolted for the entrance. He had finally reached the dome-like building.
The entrance was like a hallway surrounded by a wall on either side and just a little further up where two steel doors.
He tried pushing the steel doors open but there was no luck. He noticed that the doors were undamaged just like the rest of the building meaning most likely it was made out of the same material. As he looked around the door for anything, he spotted another access code machine.
He immediately rushed forward placing his hand on the machine and used his inspect skill.
"I hope these works, don't let me down system."
\< An access code machine linked to the two steel doors. The combination is 33346253778 \>
However, just as Quinn was imputing the code into the machine, the Rattaclaw's had returned. As the beasts saw him, they shrieked and called out another two of its friends. There were now four of the things.
As he heard the sound of the beasts behind him, his hands started to shake.
"Come on… Come on!"
*Beep
"Damn I must have put in a wrong number!"
His nerves were getting the better of him and his concentration had been broken. He used his inspect skill once again making sure he had the right code. He started imputing the numbers again when he suddenly felt something chomp down onto his leg.
\< 9/50 HP \>
As he looked down it was one of the Rat's and the other three weren't too far behind it. Quinn then swung his fist down as hard as he could at the Rat smashing its skull into pieces. The Rat was forced to let go but still wasn't dead.
The other three were now too close and he no longer had any time to input the code.
"Flash step."
Then Quinn was suddenly behind them, but he was still too close to the four Rats. Flash step only had a distance of five meters at most.
The Rats turned and all ran forward towards him.
"I have no choice!" He held out his palm and fired." Blood burst."
A shotgun like spray of blood was released from his hand and it had knocked back all four of the Rat's killing the already injured one.
\< 4/50 HP\>
\< 100 exp \>
He then rushed forward to one of the Rats on the ground, held both hands together and slammed it down on another Rat's head killing the second one.
\< 100 exp \>
Now the other two Rat's had recovered and were quickly after Quinn once again. Out of desperation he swung his hands and activated his blood swipe, although this time, the blood swipes were strong and had killed each one in a single attack.
\< 100 exp\>
\< 100 exp \>
\< 850/25600 exp \>
\< 2/50 HP \>
With his time running incredibly low, Quinn didn't even bother to get out the beast crystals, there was also the fear that more beasts might be coming. He went up to the door this time inputting the code correctly and as he entered, he shut the door behind him making sure it was locked.
He was now in what looked like a reception area, a canteen of sorts with several seats and a desk at the front. It was in top condition compared to the rest of the city. In fact, it looked like an entirely different place.
They were two hallways one leading to the left and one leading to the right, both with the words training centre written on them.
With his health running low, he had less than two hours to find the portal. He entered the main training hall. It was a large room with several seats in the stands. It reminded Quinn of the game as it looked similar. Everything was white in colour and had a modern empty look to it.
But as Quinn stared at the empty field in the centre, all he could see was disappointment. The arena down below was completely empty. There was not a single thing down there, not even a scrap of metal never mind a portal.
Quinn fell to his knees in despair. He felt like this was his last chance. There was no way he had the time to go walking around the city looking for another room with a portal.
But he didn't give up yet. He lifted himself up the ground and searched and searched around the training centre. He searched in the preparation rooms, the offices, the gym and even back in the reception area.
But nothing, there wasn't a single thing he could find. He now laid there on the floor in the centre of the arena. Looking up at the ceiling.
\< 1/50 HP\>
The pain in his stomach was too strong, his vision was now blurring up and he could no longer think properly or move.
"So this is how my life ends huh." Quinn said," Mum, Dad, why did you leave me on my own, why did you give me this book. I thought when I got this book maybe I might be able to change something but I guess not."
Then the final hour had passed.
\< 0/50 HP \>
\< HP has reached 0 due to Hunger \>
\< Transformation will now begin \>
****
Remember to vote with your stones for a mass release next week.
5800 Stones = 2 extra chapters
6000 Stones = 4 extra chapters

 
Chapter 78 New Destination
That night Vorden struggled to sleep just like every other night.
He couldn't remember the last time he got a good night's sleep.
Some nights he was able to sleep peacefully and dream just like any other person but then there were times where his mind was sent to the back room. At that time no one was sat in the chair, no one was in control.
Lately, this was happening more and more frequently.
In the black room, the three of them would usually talk to each other while the body rested but he always had a worry when he was in that room.
The chair was empty, at any point and time, anyone of them could sit in the chair and take control. For now, Vorden acted as the gatekeeper but that was only because the little one allowed him to.
That's when he felt a slight tug on his arm.
"Hey wake up kid, it looks like you were having a nightmare," Ian said.
As Vorden opened his eyes he looked around and noticed that he was still in the pitch-black room.
"Oh, sorry about that, I hope I wasn't making to much noise," Vorden replied.
"Well this is a scary place, a kid like you shouldn't be here on their own in the first place, so don't worry about it." Said Ian," Do you mind if we swap for a bit?"
Ian then switched places with Vorden. While Ian lied on the uncomfortable hard floor, Vorden would look out of the gaps in the bookshelf, keeping watch.
In almost an instant from behind him, Vorden could hear the sound of Ian's loud snores. Unlike him, Ian was able to get to sleep almost instantly.
"Hey Vorden, so if you aren't going to kill him now what about when we find the portal?" Raten asked." The advanced crystal he is carrying would be very helpful to us and no one would find out. You've seen how weak he is and now we have his ability it would be easy to finish him off."
"While I'm in charge nobody gets hurt," Vorden replied getting annoyed.
"Fine but one of these days when we're in trouble, I won't be coming to help you, and when he sees you're doing a bad job, I will be put in charge instead and I am not going to let you decide a single thing."
When doing nothing it was hard to tell how much time had past. Vorden didn't even know how long he had been asleep for and with the sky always showing black, he had no way of knowing.
After waiting what felt like an entire day, it seemed like Ian had finally woken up. As he lifted himself off the ground, he continued to wince in pain and hold onto his ribs.
"I'm telling you, I can't wait to get home," Ian said.
Vorden turned around to look at Ian, seeing that he was struggling to get up, he offered his hand once again and pulled him up from the floor.
But as Ian got off the ground, his face suddenly dropped, in one of the hole's he had made, all that could be seen was a single large eyeball looking through.
Ian immediately went to his waist and grabbed a small dagger throwing it at the beast's eye. Using all his strength and the added stats of the equipment he was wearing, the dagger flew right through the eye and out the other end killing it in a single blow. Then when he pulled his hand back the dagger flew back into his hand.
"Let's get out of here!" Ian shouted as he kicked one of the shelves knocking it over. As the two of them climbed on top of the fallen shelf they could see that they had been surrounded.
All around the library, on top of the ceiling, on the side of the walls, where multiple slug-like creatures everywhere. They had a single large eye on its head and sticking out of its sides were multiple tentacles coming from the beast's underbelly.
"I thought you were keeping a lookout?" Ian said.
"I was but the small space would only let me see so far."
Vorden was a little distracted deep in his thoughts but even so, it was hard for him to see beasts like these. For they were able to scale up the side of the walls and hang from the ceiling.
They were completely surrounded not just around them but also above as well. A few of the slug creatures dropped from above, while the ones around them reached out with their tentacles.
There were too many attacking at once, Ian then held out both of his hands with his palms open, objects from all over the library started to vibrate. Slowly they were moving along and coming towards him as if they were being pulled by an invisible force.
Then shards of metal from all over came flying towards the two of them at an incredible speed." Stick close to me kid!" Ian commanded and Vorden did as he was told.
The pieces of metal from all over the library and a few pieces from outside had come towards the two of them and formed a ball completely made out of scraps of metal surrounding the two of them.
The beast from above fell on top of the metal ball but no damage was done as they slid off. The tentacles from the slugs outside started to attack and made dent's in the ball, loud clanging sounds could be heard from inside as they continued to attack. The force of the tentacle strikes were similar to someone swinging a bat and it would only be a matter of time before the metal ball broke.
"Repel!"
At that moment, the ball exploded with an incredible force, just how the scrap metal had been pulled together, it was now being pushed out. Little pieces of scrap metal were flung out so hard it had caused several puncture wounds in the beast's body killing them all as it went through their brains and hearts.
"Good thing this planet is covered in metal huh," Ian said with a smile on his face." Come on then, let's not waste these crystals."
The two of them went up to the dead slugs and started to carve out the crystals. At that moment in time when the slugs had surrounded them, Vorden had tried to activate his earth ability that he had gotten from Peter on one of the beasts but there was no such luck.
Which meant that he had at least been on the planet for twenty-four hours now. However, he still had Ian's ability handy. Touching him in the library had reset the time frame, so even if Ian was unable to fight or they got separated, Vorden would still be able to use the ability for another twenty-four hours.
After gathering the crystals Ian had handed Vorden half of them.
"Here take it."
"I can't, I didn't do anything."
"Look these are only basic tier crystals, I could earn these in my sleep."
"Fine," Vorden said.
Although Vorden had agreed, he had no space to put the crystals anywhere. He hadn't brought a bag, a pouch or a storage unit with him.
After all, it was an unexpected visit. For now, Ian said he would keep the crystals until they returned back to earth.
Finally, it was time for the two of them to leave the library and search for the portal once again. The two of them made sure to not attract any beast on their way and to their luck they hadn't come across any more dangers.
Then finally the two of them spotted something.
"You see that, now if I was going to put a portal anywhere, I would put it in there," Ian said pointing at the large dome building.
"What is it?" Vorden asked," It looks like a training centre."
"That's exactly what it is, and it looks like it was well built, the beast around here haven't even been able to scratch it, and it's big enough to build a secrete base underneath."
The two of them continued walking forward with their next destination in sight, the training centre.
****
Please remember to vote for mass release next week.
5800 Stones = 2 extra chapters
6000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 79 Entering the Centre
Just outside the large dome-like building, Vorden and Ian were preparing to enter. The front of the dome was an open field filled with all sorts of junk. It looked like a battle had taken place outside.
They carefully made their way along the field of broken rubbish and Mechs, keeping cover while inching their way closer and closer to the entrance.
After looking left and right for any beasts nearby and seeing that there were none there, they decided to make a dash for it.
As they ran forward, they reached the hall and moved towards the door but stopped just outside as something had caught their eye. Ian bent down to have a closer look at something lying on the ground.
"More dead Rattaclaw's. Another group of them, even," Ian then dipped his finger into the black blood. Even though it was slightly dry, it seemed pretty new." It doesn't look like they have been dead for long. Looks like someone's already in there."
Vorden didn't want to say anything but he was hoping that it was Quinn. However, as he walked past the dead Rattaclaw's, if it really was Quinn, it seemed like the secret he was hiding from Vorden was bigger than he thought.
"A passcode machine?" Vorden said as he spotted it off to the side of the door." Do you know the combination?"
"Are you kidding me, how the hell would I know." Ian then held out both of his hands as he looked at the door.
He started to concentrate. After a while, Vorden could see a vein bulging on top of Ian's head." Damn this door, it's so strong."
Ian continued to use his powers but the door was tightly shut and wasn't going to be so easy to break. But then, slowly, the door started creaking and the locks behind the door started to bend.
But the sound of the metal door being pulled apart had attracted some unwanted attention. Three Rattaclaws started sneaking around, following the sound until they spotted the two humans by the entrance.
"Ian, you better hurry up!"
"Just deal with the rats yourself!" Ian shouted.
As Ian put more strength into opening the door, part of the door started to bend. But as it started bending, the loud clanging only attracted more unwanted attention. Soon another four Rattaclaws joined.
"There's too many!" Vorden then quickly turned to the door and held his hands out as well.
"What are you doing, at least hold the back or something?" Ian said, but suddenly, the door was easier to move than before. It was being much more responsive.
As Ian looked at Vorden, he could see he too was visibly sweating." It couldn't be?"
With the two of them using their powers, they were finally able to tear the door apart creating a hole just large enough for them to get through. They quickly ran forward and jumped through the small gap.
Now inside the building, they turned back around and held out their hands once again focusing all of their power.
The Rattaclaw closest to the entrance leapt forward, and its head had just managed to get through the hole.
"Close, damn it!" Vorden shouted. Just then, the door bent back, sealing the hole and slicing the Rattaclaw's head off. A loud thumb was heard as it hit the floor and slowly rolled away.
The two of them, now inside and with the door shut, noticed something. It was incredibly dark inside the training centre. There were a few small white LED lights that were placed on the floor up against the wall, but other than that, the lights above were completely out.
As Ian took a step forward, he could hear the sound of glass cracking.
"Now why would someone go to the trouble to take out all the lights?" Ian said," These places are built to last hundreds of years with the power they have and the outside looked like it was untouched."
"Maybe it was the person who came in before us?"
"Maybe. Here, take this," Ian said, as he chucked over a small pebble-like item. Vorden noticed that it was the same item that he had used when they had made their temporary shelter in the library.
As Vorden tapped it once a small orange glow emitted from the stone and surrounded him." What about you?"
Ian then pulled out another stone, tapping it before putting it on his waist.
"Now, are you going to tell me about what just happened, or are you going to keep that secret as well?"
Vorden let out a little nervous laugh.
"No secrets. My ability allows me to copy other abilities. I copied it when I saw you use it at the library." Vorden had no reason to lie to the man. He already knew he could use the same ability and what were the chances that Vorden had the same rare ability as the man.
However, Vorden wasn't going to reveal the fact that he needed to touch the man to copy his abilities. That part he would keep to himself.
"That's kind of cool. I wish I could do something like that," Ian said," Come on let's go,"
Vorden was surprised by the man's actions. He thought he might yell or complain that he had done something without his permission, but this was something that he hadn't experienced before.
The two of them continued to walk along the dark hall. For now, there was only one direction they could go and the LED lights helped lead them the right way.
"Psst, hey Vorden, this is your last chance, switch with me now," Raten said," If the portal's in here, I can save you the hard work and kill him straight away."
"Buzz off, will you."
"Fine, but that was your last chance."
The two of them had finally arrived at the reception room. There were still small LED lights placed across the room, so at least they had a sense for the size of the room. Still, just like the previous room, the lights had been taken out.
Each of the lights above were smashed in.
"It must have been a beast," Ian said.
"What makes you say that?" Vorden asked.
"Well, a lot of beasts on this planet are on a cycle. For the year it remains dark, they go out and hunt. But when the sun comes out, they hibernate for the year. My guess is that a beast sensitive to light managed to get inside somehow and started to destroy them all. If it was a human that did this, they could have just found the source of power and shut them all off at once, or even just used the light switch."
They continued to move forward until they had eventually reached the front desk. Now, all that was left was to enter the arena and they did so, going through one of the entrances. When they exited, they had come out into the stands.
"Grahhh!" As soon as they entered, fierce growls started coming from the hallway.
"Quick, turn of your stone!" Ian whispered loudly.
However, it was useless. They could hear footsteps banging against the floor as something came rushing forward from the arena and into the stands.
"RAKKKKKKKKKK!" A loud screech echoed through the entire arena, as the creature had spotted its prey and was now running full force towards them.
****
Please remember to vote for mass release.
5800 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
6000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 80 Bloodsucker
\< Transformation will now begin \>
As soon as this message appeared, a shooting pain could be felt all over Quinn's body. It felt as if his insides were burning with fire. The white of his eyes slowly started to fill with black and his teeth started to grow in size.
However, the pain didn't stop there, his body would jolt itself up and down as if something was trying to break free, his nails grew slightly larger and his skin started to form around his body even tighter. The features of his bones started to show more and his hair was falling from his head.
\< Your mind is unstable \>
\< Your blood lust has reached its maximum level \>
\< You are now a (Crazed) Bloodsucker \>
\< All stats will be doubled \>
\< Health will be halved \>
\< While in this form all blood skills are unavailable \>
Although he had received message after message about what state he was in, Quinn was unable to read any of them because his mind was no longer there.
A human figure remained but what was now standing in the middle of the arena was no longer human. With a Bold scalp and claw-like hands, the creature was hunched over.
As it opened it's pitch-black eyes and was startled by the light, it stumbled to the ground as its senses were now super heightened.
"REKKKKKKK!" it then let out a loud piercing screech that echoed through the large training centre. With its eyes closed, it ran forward at an inhuman speed and when it reached the side of the wall, it dug it's the claws in and started to climb up.
It quickly moved up to the ceiling before smashing the light with its fist, the light was now no more. With the light taken out the Bloodsucker was able to now open its eyes. It could see just as clear as if it was day inside.
It let go of the ceiling causing it to fall the ground. The drop was at least 30 meters to the top but as it landed it bent its knees and walked off as it had taken no damage from the fall.
The bloodsucker started to roam around the training centre, as it entered each room it continued to destroy the lights. It only had one thing on its mind, it was hungry and was looking for blood.
After transforming into the Bloodsucker, Quinn's thoughts, his emotions everything that made him human were gone, his body acted on its own and that single thought of blood occupied him. Finally, he had returned to the arena in the training centre and as if it didn't know what to do, it started walking in circles waiting for his prey.
Then a few moments later, Vorden and Ian had entered the room, although they were quiet. Quinn could hear everything, their soft footsteps against the floor and even their whispers to each other.
His head turned and saw two bright lights. At first, the light covered the humans so he was unable to tell what they were but when they turned the lights off, he could tell his meal had arrived.
*****
Ian and Vorden could hear the sound of something running towards them, but it was too dark to tell what it was.
Now that they had been discovered there was no need to stay in complete darkness. Ian went to his belt to touch the stone but before he had reached it, the beast was already upon him.
Being in the dark had adjusted the two's eyes a little and the LED lights going across the edge of the arena gave them little light. Now the beast was close enough he could tell it had a human figure.
As the beast held out its claws, Ian too came out with his fists.
"You want to battle with strength then!"
However, the beast's hands had wrapped around Ian's fist and stopped them in its tracks. Then using its nails it dug into Ian's fist drawing out blood.
"What monstrous strength, Damn it, to meet a humanoid beast of all types here!"
As it smelled the blood fall from Ian's hands it started to growl and screech even more. It opened its mouth reviling two huge fangs. It then tried moving its head forward clomping down its jaws but activating all the strength in the beast equipment he was wearing, he tried pushing the beast back and managed to stop him a little.
Then the beast lifted both of its legs off the ground and kicked Ian away causing him to fly into the nearby wall.
It started to rush forward as it saw Ian was injured but before it could reach him, a metal chair from the stand came flying out from the side and knocked the beast away.
Vorden quickly rushed to Ian's side and lifted him off the ground.
"Thanks kid."
"What was that?" Vorden asked.
"I don't know, I've never seen anything like it, but it looked like a humanoid type beast. I don't know much about them but all I know is there one of the most powerful type of beast to be discovered on other planets. This is my first time seeing one." Ian replied.
The chair didn't keep the beast down for long, as the smell of blood was too strong. It attracted the beast and as soon as it got up from the ground it immediately started running in the direction of the two again.
"Turn on your light stone!" Ian said.
"Huh?"
"Quick the light stone!"
As the two of them turned on the light stone, the beast suddenly stopped, it covered its eyes and backed away from the two.
"It looks like I was right." Said Ian," That beast must have been the one to take out all the lights, it looks like its super sensitive."
But the two were foolish thinking the light stones would be enough to keep the Bloodsucker away from its prey.
The beast didn't need to rely on its eyes sight to know where the two were, the smell of Ian's blood was enough. From the stands, it started to rip out the chairs and proceed to hurl them at the two.
Luckily, the chairs were made out of a metal material, so Ian and Vorden were able to repel them away. The chairs continued to be chucked at an incredible rate as each one was ripped from the stands.
Then the beast decided to rush forward with it's eyes closed, as it got close to the two it started to attack them blindly.
"How does it know where we are!" Ian said.
"Vorden get out of there!" Raten said.
"What do you mean?" Vorden asked.
"Can't you see, the beast is only attacking Ian, something is attracting it to Ian."
With Raten's words, Vorden decided to break away from Ian and ran down to the arena floor and just like he said, the beast had completely ignored Vorden and continued to attack at Ian.
"We have to help him, Raten switch with me."
"No!" Raten replied.
"We could die!"
"You had your chance before, it���s time you learn your lesson, get out of this one yourself Vorden."
Then a new voice was heard from within.
"I will help you."
Ian and the beast continued to do battle. Unfortunately for Ian, the only source of metal he could control in the arena where the chairs and it took him some time to attract things toward him. He had two chairs out from the stands and would use them as shield blocking the beast's attacks.
However, every time the beast would hit with its fist, it would completely tear through the chairs. the attacks were too powerful.
Then the beast leapt through the air with its fangs wide open. Ian had no choice but to shove his forearm into the beast mouth, hoping to avoid a fatal blow.
He screamed in pain.
\< Blood is being consumed \>
\< 10/100 \>
\< 14/100 \>
Ian could feel the beast sucking onto his arm. He wanted to push and hit the beast off him but as soon as the fangs penetrated his skin, it felt like he was under a slight paralysis effect, his body was unable to move.
\< 25/100 \>
As the beast was busy feasting on its meal, it was unable to notice the flying sharp object coming toward it. Like a spear a metal flying object had come out and pierced the beast's shoulder, the blow was fast and powerful knocking him off Ian.
As Ian stood up he looked into the centre of the arena and could see Vorden standing there surrounded by multiple metal chairs from the arena.
"I just want to find my pet Quinn." The little one said.
****
Please remember to vote for mass release.
5800 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
6000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 81 The little one Vs Bloodsucker
The paralysis effect from the Bloodsucker was slowly starting to wear off and as it did, Ian lifted himself off the ground to have a look at just what was going on. In the centre of the arena, the area was lit up by the small glow stone where Vorden was standing.
But he wasn't just standing there on his own, he had multiple chairs that had been taken from the arena surrounding him.
"How is he able to use the ability so well already? Even I would struggle to do something like this if I was in top condition. Didn't he only copy my ability a while ago?"
As the bloodsucker lifted himself off the ground, he pulled the metal object that had been lodged into his shoulder and dropped it onto the floor.
[20/25 HP]
"Rakkkk!" The Bloodsucker snarled out, its attention was now fully focused on what had caused him pain.
Instead of going in straight for an attack and charging in though, the Bloodsucker dug it's claw into the wall and started to climb upwards.
"How are we meant to see him now?" said Vorden." It's too dark and the beast can attack from anywhere."
"I have no time to play games." The little one said.
He lifted his hands and started to crumble up each of the chairs into several metal spikes all looming above his head.
Then he waited, the beast jumped down from above and as soon as the little one could hear and see him, he immediately repelled all the spikes in that direction.
However, as the beast was falling through the air and the first spike came towards him, it spun around and grabbed the spike throwing it back at an incredible speed.
But the little one had prepared for this too. He had already gathered a pile of chairs from the arena and mushed them together to form a shield. He placed this on the ground so he could easily pick it up when needed.
As the spike came towards him, he lifted the shield but what he didn't expect was the blow to be so powerful, that the spike had managed to still penetrate the shield he created, which was at least 6 inches thick with metal chairs.
"Hahaha!" Raten started laughing," Looks like I really missed out on this one, did you see how strong it was? I would have loved to deal with this guy. Vorden you would have been killed within seconds."
Although the beast was able to throw back one spear, while in the air he was unable to move. The other spears that were targeted, had managed to penetrate him, going through his body and sticking him to the ceiling of the dome.
[10/25 HP]
The beast no longer caring for the damage that had been done to its own body, it lifted its legs up against the ceiling and pushed with all its strength allowing the spikes to completely go through his body.
However, the hole marks that could be seen in his body quickly healed up. All though it didn't add to the beast's health it would still allow him to fight as if he had never been hurt.
He landed in the arena stands and began hitting a few chairs as he landed. As soon as it stood up it began to rush forward recklessly towards Vorden's direction.
"This thing, why isn't it dead yet!" Vorden said.
A few more chairs had been turned into metallic spikes and he threw them towards the beast once again.
This time the beast continued to run forward and moved out of the way of each spike. Its eyes were slowly adjusting to the light that had surrounded Vorden and now it could see the spikes as it left his side.
As soon the spike left Vorden's side, the beast would react and move out of the way of each blow.
"Is it me or did that thing just get faster," Vorden said.
"This is bad, the little one isn't at full strength." Raten added," If only there were two more ability user's nearby."
The Bloodsucker continued to move forward avoiding each and every spike thrown at it, then when it was close enough it swung it's claw out.
The shield was raised blocking the blow, but as the claw hit the shield it was completely shattered unable to be used again.
Now with no more metal surrounding the little one, the beast was able to freely attack. As it took a step forward though, it felt something sharp pierce into its foot.
As the beast looked down it was another metal spike. It looked in the distance and noticed that Ian had managed to recover. He had his hand held out and had thrown the spike out into the beast leg.
[7/25 HP]
Suddenly though, tears started to fall from the little one's face. Now that the beast was close enough, the light from the stone shown and reviled the face and clothes of the beast.
The beast in front of him was wearing the same uniform, and although it didn't look exactly like Quinn, it had similar qualities in its face. He didn't know what happened to make Quinn turn into a creature like this but he could feel that the beast and Quinn was the same person.
"I've done it again, I have hurt another one." The little one said.
"What are you doing!" Ian shouted," Kill it."
Ian then crumpled up another nearby chair and threw out another spike, this time aiming for the beast's head. It came flying through the sky and was on target to hit but before it did, it stopped mid-air.
"No!" The little one then moved its hand throwing the spike to one side, then using its other hand it pulled the other spike out of its leg.
The beast was now free to move around. It instantly looked at the last person who had hit him and immediately started to run towards Ian's direction.
Ian was still under the effects of the paralysis when he had thrown the previous spike. When he threw the spike, he had originally aimed for the beast's head but missed. He still managed to luckily hit its foot though.
Seeing the beast quickly running towards him as every second passed. he panicked and started to fling out chair after chair but the Bloodsucker was too powerful. It simply knocked them away with its hands sending them flying through the air.
Ian then pulled out his trusty dagger ready to attack but when he looked in front of him the beast had vanished from his view, the next second he was staring up at the ceiling with his back on the floor. Then when he looked down at his body his legs were now completely detached from himself, blood pouring from them.
The Bloodsucker then dragged the top half of Ian's body away into the hallway out of the arena, afraid that the other person might disturb its meal.
****
Mass release tomorrow.
Extra goal 8000 stones = 6 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 82 The search for a Ra
The students had just been informed that the portal expedition that was meant to be going on today, would be cancelled. Although many people didn't know the reason why, they had a good guess that it might have had something with the two students who didn't arrive in class today.
Students didn't just, not turn up to class for no reason. The city was their whole life, the school was their whole life. For the next two years, everything you did there would decide your future.
Layla had been planning to confront Peter on the situation especially since he had been acting so strangely but before she could even get to him, he had already run away.
"Come on Erin, let's go find out what he's hiding," Layla said but as she took a few steps forward she noticed that Erin wasn't following her.
"Erin?"
"I have no need to get involved in your affairs. I don't really care what happened to the other two. I hardly knew them before choosing to team up with them." Erin replied.
"Look at it this way right. You said you wanted to create the strongest team in the class yeah? You and Vorden are clearly the strongest in this class and if you want to outperform the others form the other classes, you're going to have to team up with each other. Our team has already registered and I don't even know if they can find a replacement, so we might not even be allowed to take part in the expedition."
After hearing Layla's last words her eyes suddenly lit up.
"What did you say? Let's go find that Rat."
The two of them now working together started to look around the school to see if they were any signs of Peter anywhere but the two were unable to find him. They knocked on his dorm room door a few times as well but there was no answer. The dorm room doors each opened via a fingerprint sensor on the door handle.
So even if Peter was in his room the two of them wouldn't have been able to enter. They could have waited outside but the longer they waited the more Layla started to worry about Quinn.
If he was unable to get blood, she knew first-hand what Quinn could do.
As they continued to search for Peter, they still couldn't find him but they did find a group of people who might have known where he was. It was Earl and his group of five other boys.
"Haven't I seen them hang around with Peter a few times at breakfast?"
The group were inside one of the training centres. This one in particular, was filled with testing equipment that they used on new students and was also an area where students were able to practise on the machines.
If they had increased their ability level or obtained new skills, they could test themselves on the machines, write down the scores and hand them to staff to upgrade the status on their wristwatch.
If Layla was on her own, she would have never approached the group but she had Erin by her side.
"Hey guys," Layla said with a smile as she approached the group of boys.
Before replying Earl took a glance at her wristwatch and saw that she was only a level 2.
"What do you want?" Earl replied.
Layla's eyebrow started to twitch hearing Earls rotten attitude and tone in his voice, but she was used to this. She had her fair share of bad treatment at her own school.
"We're not here looking for trouble, just wondering if you knew where Peter was?" She said putting on a fake smile.
The group looked at each other and started to laugh.
"Looks like they really aren't his real friends, I knew something was going on." She thought.
"Peter?" Earl said," I wouldn't be surprised if that kid tried running out of the city by now."
"Yeah Earl, I can't believe he actually did it, if I did that, I know I'd never be able to live with myself." One of the men standing behind Earl said.
Earl immediately turned his head and gave a scorn look at the man.
"Sorry, Earl." He said.
"Anyway, buzz off you two, we're not saying a single thing, if you want to find Peter then go find him yourself."
Although Layla was annoyed, there was nothing she could do, she wanted to stand her ground and beat the information out of them, but Earl was a lever four user, while the rest behind him were similar level to herself.
She had no choice but to turn and head back on her search for Peter. As she walked off the group started to laugh but as soon as she passed Erin, she realised she wasn't following her once again.
"Where are you going?" Erin asked.
"To find peter, these guys won't tell us anything."
"I see no reason for us to find Peter anymore," Erin replied.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, these people clearly by their conversation earlier either know what Peter did or at least also know where Vorden and Quinn are." Erin then started to walk up to the group of five." I don't want to waste any more time."
Mist and frost started to form just above her hands and suddenly, a fully formed ice spear had appeared. Before the other students could even react, she had already thrown the ice spear hitting Earl on his shoulder and pinning him against one of the drum's that were used to show a student's power.
As Earl's body landed on the drum the numbers started to rise until it eventually stopped at twenty. The group watching this knew she was strong but the machine had only confirmed their fears.
The group had no intention of fighting back after seeing Erin powers they knew their place was under someone like her.
However, she didn't care, she then placed both of her hands on the ground and a trail of ice started to appear travelling across the floor eventually reaching the group's leg's and freezing them all in place.
"Now which one of you is going to tell me what I want to know first," Erin said.

 
Chapter 83 Your Choice
Layla having witnessed the whole thing was amazed, she knew Erin's strength, especially after training with her and seeing her fight before but it always seemed like whoever she went up against, was no match for her.
Although she had a power level of five, she seemed to be much stronger than that. Layla had seen a couple of level five users before but they weren't this skilful in using their abilities.
Erin then started to walk up to one of the students whose legs were frozen. It was the man who had let his tongue slip earlier and Earl had given him a scolding.
She placed her hand on his shoulder and slowly the ice from his legs started to rise and cover his body.
"Wait, I'll tell you everything, I don't know where Peter is, he was meant to meet us here a while ago but he never showed up."
"Why is peter hiding?" Layla asked.
"Don't tell them Ben!" Earl shouted still stuck on the machine." If you do, you're out of the gang!"
Erin then gathered another ice spear in her hand and threw it once again, this time aiming for Earl's leg. It seemed like she had thrown the spear with more force, as the spear stuck into his leg, Earl screamed in pain and the numbers once again started to rise on the machine.
This time the numbers went beyond twenty and rose up to thirty.
The commotion was starting to cause the attention of other students who were busy practising away in the arena as well.
"Thirty, I've never got a number that high just how strong is she?"
But Layla knew this wasn't her full strength, at the test site her strength alone had reached up to the number fifty, she was still going easy on these students.
Erin then looked at Ben and started to form another spear.
"The next one goes in one of your holes and I still need the one your speaking from."
Crazy was the only thought Ben had, who cares if he was no longer apart of Earl's gang. As long as he worked hard in school, he could slowly move his way up the ladder. This was not worth the pain.
"Wait, please. Peter, we're not sure exactly what happened but we heard he pushed Vorden into a portal, that's all we know, we don't know why Quinn is missing as well."
Of course, Earl was the one who was behind everything, he and his group had given Peter the instructions to push Vorden into the portal. When they had heard the news that two students were missing and confirmed Vorden was one of them. They though Peter had done what he asked.
Unknown to them, Peter hadn't actually pushed Vorden but Quinn instead.
After hearing their answers Erin did as she said and walked away from the group.
"Wait, aren't you going to free us!" Ben shouted.
"The ice will melt in a couple of hours, or maybe someone in the room with an ability can help you. That's your punishment for making me wait instead of telling this girl what she wanted straight away."
As Erin walked off exiting out of the training centre, Layla quickly followed behind her.
"Thanks for that."
"That wasn't for you, I just hate it when guys think they're better than us, better show people like that their place."
Although Layla didn't completely agree with Erin's methods. She knew she wasn't the type to abuse her power to those who were weaker than her.
But Layla had something else on her mind. Did Peter really push Vorden into the portal and if Quinn was missing as well did that mean he went in after them? She dreaded the thought that there was the chance that the two of them could have ended up on some unknown planet.
Even worse, she feared that Quinn might have grown too hungry and had no choice but to dine in on his friend.
Just then though, as the two of them were about to exit through the doors. The door opened inward and a familiar face was seen. It was Peter.
Immediately seeing Layla standing there, Peter went running off But Erin had reached out and grabbed him by the collar pulling him back. She then slammed him up against the wall. Before he could even think about running away again. She placed her hands on his and started to freeze him. He was now held up in place on the wall.
Seeing Peter here must have meant he was planning to meet up with Earl and the others and judging by his strange actions, what they had said might have been true, but Layla needed to hear it from his own mouth.
"Peter tell us the truth, did you really push Vorden into the portal?" She asked.
"What are you going to do hit me?" Peter replied," because trust me I have already had my fair share of pain. Whatever you plan to do to me, go ahead. I guarantee you I have already experienced any pain you can think off."
Erin then started to form a small little needle-shaped ice pick in her hand.
"Really, I'm sure there are a few places I could stick this in which would leave you wishing you'd kill yourself."
Layla then motioned for her to put the ice pick down and was starting to think Erin had other problems.
"Peter I thought they were your friends, you know, every day Quinn would ask about how you were to me. He told me that if I ever saw anything strange to come back to him. Why didn't you just tell him, or even just tell us what was happening."
"You don't know, what would happen if I told you guys? You'd go beat them up, then what? They would just come back for revenge but do you think they would go after you, Erin or Vorden. No of course not, they would go after me. So you say you can protect me but for how long? Could you keep an eye on me twenty-four hours of the day and then what happens when I leave this academy and you guys aren't there. My whole life has already been decided for me even before I arrived here."
Peter then started to break down into tears.
"I didn't want to do it, I didn't have a choice."
Layla had clenched her fist and was ready to punch Peter in the face. She couldn't believe after all Quinn had done for Peter behind the scenes and all though she didn't like Vorden. She knew Vorden cared for him too.
Seeing Peter's tearful face, she dropped her hand down to her side.
"You're not even worth hitting Peter, you disgust me."
She then turned and walked off and had one last word.
"You always have a choice."

 
Chapter 84 Agent 83
Inside one of the meeting rooms located in the first-year building. A meeting had been called. Currently sitting at the head of the table was Nathan and by his side was Fay, who had been in charge of the investigation of the missing two students.
As they waited, several other teachers started to enter the room. Del, who was Vorden and Quinn's homeroom teacher, Leo who was the beast weapons teacher and finally Hayley the school's doctor.
Nathan didn't want word to spread out about what had happened since the 1st year students were his responsibility. Therefore, he called his most trusted Sergeant by his side to inform them of what his plans were.
"Fay would you please inform the others of why they have been called here today," Nathan asked.
Fay then stood up with a report held in her hand.
"As you have been made aware, two of our students have gone missing and due to that, we have had to delay the first year's outing. However, if this was a simple missing persons case we would not have called you all out here today."
Fay then pressed a button on her controller and a hologram appeared revealing a certain planet and around it, there were two moons.
"The missing students seemed to have entered into a portal but not just any portal, a red portal."
The faces of the others started to drop as they heard the news.
"How or why we do not know but one of the students was Vorden Blade. An original from a powerful family. The mission is not to bring him back alive but to at least bring his body back. That way the family can say their goodbyes and it should calm down their anger."
"What about the other student?" Leo asked.
"The other student is not a priority; he goes by the name of Quinn Talen. A weak level one with no family an orphan. There is no need to worry about him."
"Do you know where the portal leads to?" Hayley asked.
"As you can see in the diagram the red portal leads to an abandoned Planet named Pioletic, it was one of the very first planets the human race had ever created a shelter on. It was safe for the most part but as the place was filled with weak beasts. However, that was until a year had passed and nightfall had come. Beasts stronger than we had ever seen before came and attacked the shelter, we had no choice but to abandon the place." Fay explained.
"This is why we have called you four," Nathan said as he stood up." The four of you will head out through the red portal immediately. Don't worry our latest reports say that the beasts that attacked the shelter have long since moved on. The place is mostly filled with Rattaclaw scum and the odd intermediate beast here and there."
Del then slammed his fist onto the table.
"Why should we risk our lives for a couple of students who may have just jumped into the portal themselves."
"Would you like to be the one to go to the Blade family and explain to them why their son has died and gone missing. How even though we insisted on these watches, to keep track of where they are we still weren't able to keep an eye on them." Nathan said," This is an order, not a request."
*****
Meanwhile, Layla was still worrying over Quinn. Now that she knew he had most likely gone through a portal, her worries only started to double.
"Don't worry too much," Erin said." If Vorden is with him, he will protect his friend. Of course, unless they went through a red portal that is.
But she was more worried that Vorden might be used as an emergency ration during the trip more than anything. Without any food or water supplies with them, Perhaps Quinn would suck him dry.
As they were walking through the hallway, they noticed that a group of students were gossiping and as they walked past, they heard Vorden's name being mentioned.
"What did you say?" Layla asked," Would you mind repeating that?"
The girl looked slightly nervous as Layla was directly in her face.
"We were just talking about the missing students, Dumbo here has the ability of super hearing and had heard in on the meeting saying that Vorden was stuck on a Red portal planet."
After hearing those words Layla felt her blood pressure suddenly rise.
"Damn, maybe I shouldn't have jinxed it." Said Erin.
"Do you remember anything else, the name of the planet, if another student went with them?" Erin said now shaking Dumbo who was standing next to the female student.
"um Yeah they said the planets name was Pioletic, and they said something about Quinn being there as well."
Layla then got out of Dumbo's face and immediately started rushing towards her room.
"I'm sorry Erin, I've got to run somewhere. Thank's for all the help."
"I wonder what that was all about." With her two teammates stuck in another world and nothing else for Erin to now do. She decided she would continue training while she waited for them to return.
Layla had rushed off towards her dorm room as quick as she could after hearing about what planet they were on. As she entered the room, she locked the door behind her and placed a chair on the handle.
Her roommate luckily wasn't in at the moment which meant she was free to do what she had planned. She then bent down under her bed and pulled out a small little box. As she opened the box a circular black sphere shape ball was inside.
"I already checked the room for any microphones and there didn't seem to be any." said Layla," I guess the other families really did put pressure on them not to invade privacy so much."
She then tapped the top of the sphere and a clicking sound was heard. A white ring started to light up and went around in circles for a few seconds before it finally completely lit up.
"Agent 83, what seems to be the problem?" A voice said from the ball." Is it to do with the mission?"
"I have found someone who will be a great help to our cause, however, it appears he is stuck somewhere, would you be able to check if there are any agents on a planet named, Pioletic," Layla asked.
"Give me a few moments… I'm afraid all our agents have left that planet a while ago, is there anything else I can help you with."
"No that is it, thank you," Layla said.
"Then may I wish you luck in your mission, may Pure be with you."
"May Pure be with you," Layla replied.

 
Chapter 85 Turning Back
On planet Pioletic, it was still night time outside and it still would be for another six months. The two moons shone brightly on the shelter showing signs of a great battle that had once taken place.
Inside the training centre, in the dome-like building. A single boy was alone on his knees, tears running down his face.
"Was that really Quinn?" Vorden asked." What happened to him, he looked so…"
"Ugly?" Raten said.
"Shut up!" The little one screamed.
The little one then immediately left the chair inside the darkroom, leaving it open for Vorden to take control once again. As he left the chair he went into dark space and sat down on the floor. He held his hands over his knees and started rocking backwards and forwards.
"I did it again" He mumbled," I hurt another one."
Now that Vorden was back in control the tears had suddenly stopped, Vorden lifted himself off the ground and started walking forward.
"You do know he will be like that for a while now," Raten said.
"I know, but we have more serious problems to worry about, if that really is Quinn what happened to him, and can we even help him turn back?"
Vorden then stopped walking forward as he had reached the torn apart body on the floor in the stands. All that was left of Ian was his two legs that had been torn from the waist down.
"Well, at least you aren't the one that has to kill him anymore," Raten said.
He then continued to walk forward following the trail of blood. The beast had taken the top half of the body which left a trail behind which made it easy to follow.
"Hey wait, check the man's trousers. He had that advanced tier beast crystal don't you remember. Now that he's dead, we may as well take it."
Although Vorden didn't like disrespecting the dead and didn't often agree with Raten, in this case it made sense to not let such a precious thing go to waste.
Peoples abilities only went so far, apart from original abilities the ones that were known to the public went up to eight. But even beyond the level eight, there was a power difference between them all and the simple reason for that was beast crystals.
The equipment that could be made from different beast crystals could heavily sway the favour of the fight to one person. It was the whole reason why the Pure group was such a threat to begin with, even though they chose not to use abilities.
After searching Ian's trousers though there was no such luck and no crystal was found.
"Do you really think it's a good idea to follow that thing?" Raten asked.
"I need to see if that thing was really Quinn, you know if I don't, the little one will punish us."
Vorden then looked around and held out his hand, attracting one of the chairs form the stands and held it in his hands. He held it in front of him like a shield as he walked forward.
"Like that's really going to do anything, did you see the same monster as I did?" Raten complained." Why does he put an idiot like you in charge?"
****
The Bloodsucker continued to drag Ian's body across the floor looking for somewhere safe to eat its meal. It turned and turned several corridors until it finally arrived at what looked like resting quarters.
As it approached one of the rooms, there was a metal door in front blocking it and next to it was another access code machine. The beast looked at the door and kicked with all its strength causing the door to go flying into the back of the room.
The room was mostly empty as it was only designed for temporary stay. The only thing that was in there was a single bed, a sink in the corner and a desk.
It then went to the back of the wall before sitting down. It continued to handle Ian's body like some type of ragdoll turning him around until he was in position, then finally it opened its mouth wide revealing two of its large fangs and bit into Ian's neck.
[35/100]
[42/100]
…..
As the beast continued to suck Ian's blood a notification screen appeared slowly rising up until eventually, the number had hit 100.
[100/100]
[Sufficient blood has been consumed]
[Transformation will now end]
[Your mind is starting to stabilize]
Just then, shooting pain once again started to enter Quinn's body only this time, it was starting to revert back to normal. His claw-like hands began to shrink down and go back to shape to what they once were.
His incredibly tight skin softened around his body and face. His ears were no longer pointed and his teeth too returned to normal and finally, the white in his eyes could be seen once again.
As his body returned to normal, he started to huff and pant heavily. His whole body was sore and his mind was ringing like crazy. Then images started to flash into his head, everything that he had done while he was the Bloodsucker, even though he had no control he felt like he was there every step of the way.
"Vorden, what's he doing here?" Then more images started to flash into his head and finally, he remembered slicing a man in half.
As he opened his eyes and the ringing pain had stopped in his head, he looked Infront of him he could see a half-torn eaten man, with two large puncture wounds on his neck.
"That was me!"
[First Human killed]
[High-level user detected]
[Reward: Instant level up]
Although Quinn was still in shock that he had killed a human for the first time, he didn't have much time to think about it as the system had hit him with multiple messages at once and there were even more to come.
[Congratulations you are now level 10]
[Evolution process has begun!]
"Evolution process?"
Just then Quinn's heart started pounding harder than before, his veins all around his body started to show as the blood rushed through. Quinn could feel every little part of his body but it wasn't a nice feeling. It felt like his blood was made of spikes and as it went through and around his body, he could feel it tearing everything apart.
Just then, a footstep was heard entering the room, Vorden had arrived.
"Quinn?"
****
A few more chapters tomorrow for the weekend mass release. Please keep voting to show your support for the series.
8000 stones = 6 Chapter mass release next week.

 
Chapter 86 Evolution complete
The room looked like a prison cell brawl gone bad. Inside was the top half of Ian's body on the floor, blood still oozing from the bottom half and his gut's spilling out. If Vorden had never seen a scene like this before, it would cause a normal person to throw up all over the place.
Then when he looked up, he could see Quinn kneeling on the floor in pain. It was as he thought, the creature that attacked him before was him. Although he no longer looked like the beast anymore it was clear, the damaged uniform, the dead body on the floor.
"Hey Quinn are you alright, is something wrong, do you need anything?" Vorden asked.
"Get away!" Quinn groaned out as the pain continued to shoot through his whole body.
"Maybe I can help?"
"I said get away!" Quinn's voice sounded deep and dark and as he lifted his head, Vorden could see his eyes were now glowing red.
"Hey Vorden, I think you better listen to the kid, he could be turning into that thing again," Raten said.
But it was too late, Vorden had taken one step too many and was now within striking distance. Quinn lashed out flinging his arm at Vorden. However, he was able to lift his metal chair up in time blocking the attack but it didn't do much.
The metal chair was immediately ripped by Quinn's hands and the attack managed to craze Vorden's chest, flinging him backwards.
"Blood!" Quinn screamed," Give me blood!" The smell coming of Vorden's chest was so sweet.
"What did I tell you, that chair was useless!" Raten complained," Quick seal the door shut."
Vorden no longer hesitated and using his abilities, he pulled the broken door back in place and using all his powers quickly sealed it up.
Quinn was no longer chasing after Vorden but instead knelt on the floor crying in pain. Vorden stayed there with his hands held up holding the door in place, fear that whatever was inside or whatever was happening to Quinn would come out again and attack him.
The screams continued for a good fifteen minutes until they eventually died down and stopped.
"Quinn?" Vorden called out softly hoping not to startle him." Is everything okay?"
"Yeah," Quinn replied." Just give me a few moments, I'll let you know when it's okay."
The pain had finally stopped and Quinn really did need a few minutes to get a hang of everything. For the system was revealing so much new information to him in one go.
[Congratulations evolution was Successful, you are now a Vampire!]
[Level 10]
[Race: Vampire]
[0/100 EXP]
[HP 60/60]
[Strength: 15]
[Agility: 15]
[Stamina: 15]
[Charm: 5]
[Blood Family bonus: 0]
Just looking at his status screen alone, so much had changed. Quinn had yet to put his extra stat point but it seemed like two more options were added to the stats screen. The first one being the Charm stat and the second being a blood family bonus. Although with no explanation Quinn was clueless to what these two things did.
But what he did understand was that he had gone from a Halfling into a full-fledged Vampire now. Quinn had expected this change might have happened as he continued to level up, he only hoped that it didn't happen so soon.
For there was the worry, now that he was a Vampire instead of a Halfling what happened when he stepped into the sun?
However, there were even more messages to come from the system.
[Skill: Blood ritual unlocked]
[0/2 Members]
[New skill: Daze]
[ This skill has no cost and can be used on the opponent to stun them between 0.2 seconds and 0.5 seconds at a time. Must have direct eye contact with the opponent. The skill has a chance of failing, depending on the strength of the enemy and on the user's Charm points. The more the skill is used on an opponent the higher chance they have off resisting.]
Two new skills had been unlocked, although there was no description at all for the first one which just left Quinn confused. However, now he knew there was some use for the charm stat.
But the messages didn't stop there.
[Shop has been unlocked]
[New tutorials have been unlocked]
[System level 2 will now activate]
Just then, a screen had appeared in front of Quinn and once again it was the handsome blonde man he had seen the last time, the man who had taught him the hammer strike and the flash step.
"Congrats!" The man said." You have now officially joined the family. I thought maybe a simple human wouldn't be able to make it this far but it looks like my little experiment was a success. Now that the system has been upgraded to level 2, I had a good friend of mine install an AI system with my voice. It's amazing right! Now you'll never feel alone again and if you ever have a question about the system just ask."
"What!" Quinn thought," Why wasn't the system like this from the beginning?"
"Now you're probably thinking why didn't I design it this way from the very beginning, the truth is you needed to be able to get this far on your own. From your own mistakes along the way, they can only make you stronger."
For some reason, Quinn felt the urge to punch the man if he ever met him in real life.
"Now before I leave you, although the AI system will help you answer any questions you have about the system, it is not able to go beyond that, so here are my final recorded words. I'm sorry but now that you are a vampire, others will come looking for you. They have already blended into society so it's almost impossible to tell who is one and who isn't. If you want to live a life of freedom as I did, then get stronger, create a force of your own and fight back. Good luck my friend."
With that, the recorded message had ended and the screen had disappeared. Quinn had many questions he wanted to ask the man but he knew it was impossible.
With the new system upgrade and the shop unlocked, he wanted to check out all the new things but as he looked at the dead body in front of him reality had hit him.
"I'm really not human anymore, am I?"
Quinn wanted to get stronger to protect himself and others from the abuse of those above but now he had just killed a man, but for some reason, he didn't feel sad about it. In fact, it felt like it was just something he needed to do to survive.
Before Quinn was to check out all the new things the system had reviled there was one more problem he needed to face and it was on the other side of the door.
It was time to confront Vorden.
****
We reached 9600 Stones last week! Unlocking 6-chapter mass release for next Saturday. Also, I owe 2 chapters so 8, I haven't forgotten just been really busy with teacher work as final exams come up.
New Goals! We can do it!
9500 Stones = 2 extra chapters
10,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 87 Are you scared?
Around ten minutes had passed since Vorden had last heard Quinn say anything. But he preferred this over the screaming Quinn. Before he felt like at any second, a rampage might start-up from him, but right now, he was relaxed and no longer had his handheld up holding the door.
He lent up against the door with his back propped up against it.
"Hey, what are we still doing here?" Raten asked." Any second now that guy could be eating us, I don't understand."
"But he isn't, is he?" Vorden replied," Do you think he couldn't have eaten us just now, to be honest, I don't even think me holding up the door with my ability would have been enough to stop him." He then lifted his hand across his chest; the wound had dried up and was starting to scab over.
Then Movement from the other side of the door was heard, as Quinn started to lift himself up from the ground.
"Vorden, you still there?" Quinn asked.
"Yeah, I'm here. You alright now?"
"Yeah, I'm okay, you probably want to know what just happened don't you?"
"Well, I would be lying if I said no."
Quinn then took a deep breath as he prepared to tell Vorden the whole tail. It was hard for him. Unlike Layla, who had been so accepting of it, not everyone was like her, and he was afraid of Vorden's reaction.
He slowly started at the beginning about how he had obtained a book, and after using it felt different all of a sudden. Quinn then went on to explain the events at school and even things that happened with Layla. All up to the point where he had arrived in the portal world, eventually turning into the Bloodsucker.
There were some details he decided to leave out, though. There was no reason for him to reveal that his ability was like a system, but only that he grew more powerful with blood, he also left out everything to do with the system including the mysterious blonde headed man.
These mysterious was his own problem to deal with, and only he only needed to tell Vorden what he needed to.
There was silence between the two for a few moments as Quinn finished his story. Vorden was, of course, shocked by the whole thing. Vampires, he didn't even know there were such things, and if Quinn had told him this before, he would have thought he had gone mad.
But Vorden had seen it, he had seen what Quinn had turned into, and Ian's dead body in the room was proof of that.
"You know, I knew you were different from the moment I met you." said Vorden.
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"Do you know how abilities work? Every person has a number of mutant cells inside their body that they can activate. The more cells a person can activate the stronger their ability level, my ability allows me to replicate these cells from one person into my own body. That's why if someone is only a level one earth user, I can only copy the same number of mutant cells from them. But when I shook your hand, I felt the different cells in your body Quinn, just for whatever reason I couldn't replicate them. It tried and tired, forming and breaking down, but every time they would end up in failure. it was the first time something like that had ever happened."
"Are you scared of me, Vorden?"
"Scared, Quinn, everyone has their own secrets that they don't want others to know, some more so than others. It's understandable why you hid it, the Government, military and the big families would all be trying to get their hands on you trying to use your power for themselves."
Vorden then turned around and moved the metal door out and into the corridor. The metal door was placed to the side, and when he lifted his face, his mouth remained wide open. To his surprise, Quinn looked almost like a completely different person. He had a whole new energy surrounding him.
Quinn had grown a few inches in height, his skin looked super smooth and had gone slightly pale. While his face looked a little more masculine.
"Now this might be a tough one to explain?" Vorden said.
****
Before leaving the room, Vorden went to check on Ian's body. He continued to search and search but could find no sign of the advanced tier crystal.
"Was he lying about it?"
But what he did see was two bite marks on the neck of Ian. Right now, Quinn looked completely normal but looking at the bite marks on Ian's neck. It reassured him that everything Quinn said was the truth.
The two of them went looking around until they had come across a toilet. Inside was a mirror for Quinn to look at himself. The changes weren't so drastic that you couldn't tell it was Quinn, but it looked like he had just gone on a 12-week model training course.
They continued to walk around and ended back in the arena where the two of them fought. The two looked at the mess they had caused, Quinn thinking about when he was a Bloodsucker and Vorden thinking about the little one.
There were scarps of metal all over the place, multiple broken chairs and across the floor Blood. For now, Quinn was full from his last meal, and he also had maned to fill up his Blood bank.
Based on Ian's information, the portal was most likely to be in this building, a secret switch of some sort hidden somewhere but the two of them had no clue where that would be. After searching around for a while and no success, the two of them sat down on the arena floor.
Quinn asked why Vorden was even here in the first place, and gave the simple reply of" I came after you.". Although they didn't stay on the subject for long as it seemed Vorden kept steering away from the conversation.
Quinn assumed it was it had something to do with Peter, and right now that was the last person the two of them wanted to speak about.
That's when Vorden stomach started to growl; it had been a while since he had eaten the last food pill.
"You hungry?" Quinn asked.
"Aren't you?" For a second, there was another awkward silence between the two.
"if you want I can give you some of my blood?" Vorden said.
"You know, I do eat normal food as well!"
The two of them started to laugh and joke about a few things as time passed by.
"It's a shame you can't use your abilities in school. If it was a normal ability, my family could offer you protection. The military wouldn't try hurting you."
Although Quinn could try pass of the vampire abilities as something normal, there was the problem that there was no skill like it. They would immediately assume he was an original. And there was now something that worried him even more.
On the video the system had shown, the blonde man stated others would now be looking for him. Were others referring to other vampires? If so, he needed to keep this a secret even more so then before. From the sound of the video, they didn't sound like they would be welcoming to him.
Then something clicked in his head. There was something he could learn that wasn't apart of his vampire skills. The level 6 ability book, the shadow book.
*****
The two extra chapters that are owed will be released tomorrow. Remember to vote for mass release! Number 3 ranking keep it up.
9500 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
10,000 Stones = 4 extra chapters

 
Chapter 88 A Voice inside
While Vorden continued to search the arena for some type of secret exit, Quinn was pretending to look for one as well while walking around. Instead, he wanted to inspect the ability book he had received earlier from the metal container.
As soon as he thought about his inventory, a screen appeared in front of him. Then when just thinking about the item, the system would come up with a message.
[Would you like to take out the Level 6 Shadow ability book?]
This time rather than a monotone robotic voice the system usually played in his head. It was the annoying energetic blonde man's voice.
[Inspect]
[Level 6 shadow book, can only be learnt by those that have been Blooded]
As Quinn used his inspect skill, a weird word had been added at the end. Blooded? Was that another name for Vampires perhaps? When Quinn tried the other ability books, he wasn't able to learn any of them.
It started to make Quinn ask more questions about the book. Why did the military keep such a high-level book locked away? Was it because everyone had died or were they planning to sell it off for the future? Either way, he had never heard of someone possessing a shadow ability before.
Just then, the annoying voice was heard again.
"So it looks like you want to learn more about the book, huh? well, I can tell you if you want, do you want to know?"
The AI system seemed to be just as annoying as the man himself.
"Please?" Quinn said while gritting his teeth.
"Your guess is correct, blooded refers to those that have been blessed or cursed whichever way you want to look at it, with Vampire blood. It doesn't matter if there, a halfling, a vampire lord, or even a ghoul. As long as they possess some of the vampire's blood, they are able to learn these abilities."
"Do you know why the book was here?"
"I have no clue."
The AI system had surprisingly answered in great detail. It was like the blonde man said. While the inspect skill was able to tell him information about items, his system would clarify things to him related to the system.
Quinn was still unsure about whether to learn it or not as he still needed more information, and it seemed like the AI was the perfect person to ask.
"Is this the only ability book Vampires can learn? And can Vampires learn more than one ability?"
"Just like humans, Vampires are only able to learn one ability. Whether or not there are other ability books out there like this, who knows, there may be some stronger, they may be some weaker."
The AI system was only an AI system after all. Even though the man sounded intelligent with a stupid voice, it was limited to what it could answer.
The problem was if this truly was another ability that Quinn was unable to use in the outside world, he didn't want it. Another ability that the world didn't know about meant he would be targeted. However, the question remained if there even was an ability that vampires could use as well as Humans.
Quinn had asked the AI more questions hoping to get an answer it had no clue and would just reply back with sarcastic answers.
With that being said, there was one person in the room that was knowledgeable about these things, and he might just know about the shadow ability. Vorden. Although the system stated blooded were the only ones that could learn it, maybe there were other Vampires out there that had used the ability before.
As the two pasted by each other while making their rounds around the stadium, Quinn popped the question.
"Vorden, have you ever heard of an ability that uses shadows?"
"Shadows, honestly my gut instinct would be no or at least not the world anyway, but you were honest with me so its time I'll be honest with you." said Vorden.
The two of them then sat down a few chairs apart in the stadium, one of the rows that hadn't been trashed form the fight.
"Remember when I said earlier how I kept an eye on you because I couldn't copy your ability, well you're not the first one. Or not the first one in our family," said Vorden." As you know I'm an original, so our powers have been passed down from generation to generation for hundreds of years. In my great grandfather's journal, there was a time he said he had come across another user with an ability. Now back then this was rare, the whole world still didn't know Humans had super capabilities. But each time we would come across one, our family would log it, especially since our ability relied on others."
"For the first time, he had come across someone's ability, he couldn't copy."
"So is that why you were so interested in me?"
Vorden's face started to go a little red as he was embarrassed hearing those words.
"When you say it like that it sounds a little strange, I assure you I don't think of you in that way." Vorden said awkwardly. But then his face went serious." Now that I told you, tell me, how would something the public not know about, would you know about?
At the moment Quinn lifted the ability book in his hand which had the words shadow Ability written across it.
For a second, Vorden had to rub his eyes to check he wasn't seeing things. He thought perhaps Quinn might have learnt something when he turned into a Vampire about it but to actually have the ability book in his hand itself.
"Whoa you actually found it, I was sure it would have been an original skill, but there was actually an ability book. Well, what are you waiting for let's learn it now! We have all the time in the world, and we're stuck here doing nothing."
"Well I really did want to learn it, but the problem is if I did others would be after me just like they would for the vampire ability."
Vorden started to think long and hard if there was anything he could do to help him. Then his master plan had come to him.
"I think we can use the situation we're into your advantage," said Vorden." The school must know by now that we have been sent to another planet. A red portal planet at that. There are things that have been undiscovered on these planets all the time. You can just say you found the book here, that you learnt it for your survival, they all know your level one trash."
Vorden paused for a moment after saying those words.
"I mean, they all think you're just a level one right? I'll say while we were in the portal world, I protected you, and as payment, after learning the skill, you decided to hand the book over to me. That way the people will no longer be bugging you for it but my family instead."
Vorden smiled as if he had just cracked the toughest case in a Mystery Novel.
"Are you sure your family will be okay with that?"
For a split second, Quinn thought he had seen Vorden's face drop, but when he blinked and looked again, it was completely normal.
"Yeah, they'll be fine, with the plan or set let's get to learning that ability book. I can't wait to see the faces of everyone when we get out of here."
"If, we get out of here.�� Quinn said.
"Do you have to be so negative."

 
Chapter 89 Unlocking the Shadow
Vorden and Quinn stood opposite each other in the centre of the stadium. Not too far from each other so they could hear each other without having the need to shout.
"Now, what I'm about to tell you they would probably teach you at the school later on anyway. But I'm going to tell you now because it should be helpful when learning the ability book."
Vorden then started to use the magnetism ability he had obtained from Ian, he pulled over a small bolt and began to levitate around in his hand.
"Everyone knows about the power level system, there are eight levels in total. These levels are actually determined by how many mutant cells you are able to activate in your body and not actually determined by strength. Let's take the earth ability as an example, someone with a low number of cells is only able to transform the earth they can hold in their hand. While a level 5 earth user might be able to lift the earth from the ground without touching it. These type of ability books contain information on how to activate more mutant cells for your specific type of ability."
"But if the Power levels don't actually determine strength then why the test when we started school?" Quinn asked.
"Good question," said Vorden." The test the military gives you is actually to put you into the subcategories they created, the 1.1 1.2 etc. This can sometimes be determined by what skills you have as well."
Vorden then lifted up his wristwatch and showed him the number currently displayed which said 6 on it. Quinn was suddenly confused because he was sure he had seen the number 5 on it before.
"These watches are the answer. The watches they put on us are able to determine the number of mutant cells in our body. Before even taking the test, they knew what level we were at. They simply just set the watches to an off mode the moment we arrived. When I use my ability, I also copy the number of mutant cells in their body, which is why the watch now shows the number six."
Quinn seemed to be learning so much, it just proved that the information that was revelled to originals compared to the rest was different. This also further confirmed that Quinn being a Vampire, wasn't an ability. The number on his watch had never changed, or maybe it was the fact that his cells were no longer human.
"Think about it, not every test is able to determine someone's strength. Some abilities allow you to tell if someone is telling the truth, some allow super hearing and some can help you see into the future. Although these might not be strong fighting abilities themselves, they require a high number of Mutant cells to activate in the first place and now that brings me to your book." Vorden said as he pointed towards it.
"Not everyone can activate a high number of cells. Some ability books are just too high for people to learn, they try and try, but they will never be able to succeed. To put it simply, their fate was decided for them at birth. It might take a while before we can tell if you have the ability to learn it or not"
It sounded harsh but what Vorden was saying was true. He had heard examples of rich CEOs who had bought their kids high-level ability books, only to be disappointed when they weren't able to succeed.
"Now we move onto the second problem, even though you have the ability book, what about skill books? With no skills, you will most likely only be able to unlock 1/10th of its power. But don't let that get you down. The ability books and skill books are only shortcuts to learning these things in the first place. When the originals discovered their powers, they had no books, they learnt and discovered everything themselves."
Quinn thought about everything Vorden had said, he further went on to explain that each book would explain a technique that could be used to Mutate a specific type of cell. The higher the ability book, the more information it would reveal about the method used. Some abilities just didn't have lower levels and required people to have a high number of mutant cells to use them.
There was another little bit of information he reviled but decided to not go into too much detail. It was the fact that your Soul weapon also had something to do with the number of Mutated cells in your body as well. This would determine how strong of a soul weapon you had.
The example Vorden gave was Momo. Although Momo's ability wasn't too strong in a fight, he's soul weapon was incredibly powerful as a level 6 ability user.
Vorden had explained that learning a level 6 ability book of the bat would take months to learn, but while here they could get a head start.
But Quinn thought differently. There was one thing Vorden didn't know, and it was his Vampire abilities also worked like a system.
He touched the book once more, and the system message popped up again.
[Would you like to learn the level 6 Shadow ability?]
There was no going back after this.
[Yes]
The book then lifted into the air, and the pages started turning and flashing in front of him. Suddenly there was the sense of Deja vu. Vorden stood on the side line and took a step back, he had never seen anything like this happen before.
Then finally, once all of the pages of the book had been flipped, it disappeared and vanished into thin air.
Vorden immediately rushed over to Quinn, who was holding his head with his hand.
"What happened, are you okay?" Vorden asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine."
As the pain in his head slowly went away, he looked up, and in front of his vision, he was greeted with multiple messages.
[congratulations you have learnt the level 6 Shadow ability]
[You have now unlocked the Shadow skills tab]
[You have unlocked the Mutant Cell stat]
[10 skill points have been added]
[New shadow skill dimensional storage has been activated]
[New skill Shadow control Lv.1 has been added]
****
IMPORTANT MESSAGE IN CHAPTER 0 ABOUT PREMIUM. PLEASE READ.
Mass release goal for next week
9500 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
10,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 90 Exploring the shop
The ability book had vanished once again, just like the old book he had received. This time he had also been given an entirely new tab that was dedicated only to his Shadow ability in his system.
"Hey Quinn, what's wrong, did something happen? Where's the book!" Vorden asked.
Quinn then went to tap his head a couple of times with his finger.
"Inside? said Vorden" What, you mean it's inside your head?"
Quin nodded.
Vorden was surprised but at the same time not, he had learnt so many crazy things today, and this one was probably one of the least shocking. He could imagine that maybe whoever created the shadow book might have put a condition on it.
Maybe once it was learnt to vanish or disappear, it would also explain why many weren't found or how none were sold on the market.
Vorden didn't ask too many questions and gave Quinn a few moments to sit down and rest, he didn't really understand what he meant by it was all inside his head. Of course, this was Quinn's way of getting around telling Vorden it was a system.
[Status]
[Race: Vampire]
[Ability: Shadow]
[HP: 55/55]
[MC 100/100]
[Strength: 15]
[Stamina: 15]
[Agility: 15]
[Charm: 5]
The first thing he decided to do was check out his stats screen. One of the messages had stated he had obtained a new stat called Mutant Cells or MC for short. Looking at his MC stat, it currently displayed 100/100.
"System, can you explain the MC stat is to me?"
"Ho, ho," A cheery voice said," The MC stat is how many Mutant cells you currently have in your bod. Every time you use your ability, the MC numbers will go down but worry not, for it will auto regenerate itself over time."
Quinn then looked at the two stat points he had obtained. One form levelling up to level 10 and then the other from when he had consumed Ian's blood. But when he tried to see what he could do with them; he was unable to increase his MC points. Meaning it was a similar stat to his HP. The question was whether it would increase on its own like his HP.
"I can tell you the answer to that" The system said." The answer is no, those mutant cells have a cap in your body. This can only be increased by a certain technique specific to the Shadow ability. You would either have to find a higher-Level ability book or a teacher."
With that said, Quinn decided to put his stat points into Strength and agility as he has been doing so far. Right now, he only had one skill that required the use of Charm, and he didn't know how useful it would be.
[Strength:16]
[Agility:16]
As he increased each stat point, he could feel the changes in his body ever so slightly, the feeling was starting to become addictive. But he was still a long way off from the others. Erin, who was a level 5 ability user, was able to produce a score of fifty on the strength test. That was also without the use of any beast gear to improve herself.
While Vorden was still giving him space and walking around the room, it also gave Quinn the time to check out a few of the other things he had unlocked earlier. First, there was a new tutorial video. There was a single video called combination skills.
The video was a long watch as it took time to explain the process. Quinn didn't have time to watch it now and would watch it later.
The next thing was the shop tab.
When selecting this tab, he was able to search by category, and there was a whole bunch of items, Weapons, armour, Rings, and all sorts, but there were no skill books or ability books. The only problem was all of the items were greyed out, not allowing him to select any of them.
To the side of the screen, it showed his inventory, where he had 16 basic tier crystals, one intermediate crystal and also an advanced tier crystal as well. He didn't know when he had obtained them, but at some point, he must have done.
"Was it while I was a Bloodsucker?" but Quinn couldn't remember killing anything other than… Ian. It was the only explanation, when he had murdered Ian did all his crystals transfer over into his system?
The section to the right allowed him to select the item, he first chose the Rattaclaw crystals. The shop auto sorted itself and gave a message in the centre.
[No items can be made with these crystals]
Then, when selecting the other two crystals items had appeared up in the centre this time. Although these items were still greyed out, but Quinn now knew the reason why.
[3 intermediate crystal required to create this item]
The items required several crystals to make them. After searching through the shop more, He realised there were some weapons and items that only needed a number of crystals. While others were more specific and needed a specific type of beast crystal.
When selecting the advanced tier crystal, the shop auto sorted itself once again, and a ring was shown on screen.
[1/10 Advanced tier Deathbat crystals]
[Effects: Allows the user to walk in the sun for 3 hours without being affected by the sun]
This was a fantastic discovery. While Quinn was planning to create an outfit that completely blocked out the sun, there was a ring in the shop that had the same effect.
The only problem was it required him to kill 10 of these Deathbat's which were advanced tier beasts. Thinking back to how he had nearly died from the intermediate beast, there was no way he would attempt to kill an advanced tier beast.
Then there was a second problem, Beasts, especially on the higher tiers, were Quite specific to what planet they lived on. At some point, if Quinn wanted to earn the ring from the shop, he would have to come back to this planet through the portal.
All in all, the shop was a good find. Quinn started to question the AI system further on how the shop worked, and he had explained that as long as he brought the items that it asked for, it would be able to auto-create it and give it to him.
This was another excellent find, as usually after obtaining beast crystals you would have to take it to a beast weapons crafter who would charge for the making of the item. Then a question hit Quinn's mind. Crystals could only be turned into one type of item which all had the same effect.
The quality of the item created would depend on the crafter, but if the item was destined to be a ring, a sword was unable to be crafted from the same type of crystal.
Did Ian know what item the Deathbat crystal would give him? And if so, why would Ian need such a thing? It might have not even been Ian in the first place, but whoever had hired him and taking down the Deathbats.
****
Schedule Change: Chapters will now be released at 8:00 AM GMT + 8. This chapter was a little late from oversleeping.
Hit 10,000 Goal = 4 extra chapters
15,000 stones = 6 extra Chapters

 
Chapter 91 Exploring the Shadow
With no way of getting any of the items from the shop, for now, he decided it was time for him to check out the shadow tab. A whole new section of his system that had been added as soon as he obtained the Ability.
Underneath the tab was a list of around ten different skills. Each one greyed out apart from the two skills he had learned previously. Below he could scroll down further, but everything just appeared as several question marks.
The first skill.
[Dimensional storage]
[This skill will allow the user to store items into its shadow storage. As long as there is a shadow nearby, you can take out and put in items as you wish. This includes your very own Shadow underneath your feat!]
"If only I had this skill sooner!" Quinn thought.
Back in the storage room, there were many items that Quinn wished to bring with him. There were multiple skill books and ability books that he had already converted into exp and wouldn't be able to gain anything again.
At the time he wished to bring them with him to at least sell on the market place, but was unable to carry them. If he wanted to do that now, it meant leaving from the safety of the training centre, and heading back outside were the beasts where.
While Quinn's system allowed him to store crystals and specific ability books inside, it did not allow him to store anything else. So the Dimensional storage was a great skill to have.
The second skill.
[Shadow control Lv.1]
[Allows the user to control their own Shadow]
The description was short and didn't really reveal much. Even if he could control his own Shadow, what use was that? But the significant difference with this skill compared to the last skill, was the fact that it had a level by the side.
If it was like Quinn's blood skills then as long as he carried on using it, it would eventually level up. Maybe even allowing him to create shadows or use his own shadows.
Quinn then looked at the skills tab again. At the moment, he was able to see ten skill in total while the rest were covered. Next to each skill was a number.
[Shadow cloak Lv.1 10 skill points to unlock]
There were multiple skills, but shadow cloak was the only one that he was able to unlock right now. He only had received ten skill points and wondered how he would be able to obtain more.
Judging by its name, perhaps the skill would be able to surround him like some type of Shadow. He started to wonder if it would also be able to block out the sunlight, which made him feel so weak.
His excitement got the better of him, and as long as he could unlock the other skills later on, what was there to worry about?
[You have successfully unlocked Shadow cloak Lv.1]
[This skill allows you to use your own Shadow to surround you into the darkness. You opponents will struggle to see you depending on their level of perception. Best used in the Shadow or at night.]
It wasn't exactly what he was expecting, but it seemed like it was a type of invisibility cloak, one that would work well on beasts that were weak but not those of a higher level.
Quinn then stood up from the ground and was ready to test out his skills. He could see that Vorden was still walking around the stadium, seeing if he could find anything. It was hard for Vorden to see due to the lights being broken, and he didn't have the same type of vision as Quinn.
That meant the whole room was dark.
"Perfect."
[Shadow cloak activated]
[ -1 MC for every ten seconds of use]
His own Shadow below started to lift up from the ground and slowly crept up his body. From his toes, to his knees, all the way to the top strands of hair on his head.
Now when looking from the outside, a strange foggy like mist could be seen covering him.
As Quinn walked around the arena, he could see that his MC Stat was like a bar, while using the skill it was slowly going down.
He crept up slowly to Vorden in the stands going between the chairs, and it seemed his skill was working. While Quinn was stood around 10 meters apart, it looked like Vorden had no idea he was there.
But then when he took another step closer, Vorden immediately jumped back and attracted a chair into his hand.
Although Vorden was struggling to see what it was, he could feel strange energy disrupting the flow around him. The hairs on his body were standing up.
Then when he concentrated, he could see something shifting in the air.
Vorden went to repel the chair, throwing it in Quinn's direction. The chair flew right past and into the stands.
"Hey wait, wait, it's just me!" Quinn said as he deactivated his skill and could be seen ducked down.
"What the hell Quinn, you almost gave me a heart attack, do you not remember just seconds ago I was fighting to the death against you!" Vorden complained," I've been on high alert since."
"Sorry," Quinn said as he let out a little nervous laugh.
"But man, you already know how to use the shadow ability already? And that seemed like a skill?" Vorden asked, amazed.
Usually, it would take months to learn how to use an ability and some skills even longer. Yet here Quinn was being able to handle everything straight away.
"Like I said, when I read that book, it seems like all the information was inserted into my head, all have to do is think about it, and I can do it."
Vorden then walked over towards Quinn and took out his hand.
"Do you mind this time?" Vorden asked.
"Sure, go ahead."
The two shook hands, and the same message had appeared as last time.
[An ability has been detected]
[Ability has been blocked]
"What's the meaning of this?" Quinn asked inside his head to the AI system.
"The system will try it's best to do whatever it can to help the user. It will tell you when abilities are being used on you and all sorts."
"Can I temporarily cancel the feature?" Quinn asked.
"It's not really a feature, it's just informing you of what your vampire body is naturally doing. Besides, even if the Boy could copy your Ability, he wouldn't be able to use it."
"What do you mean?"
"That skill book you used is specific for Vampire cells, inside your body right now, Are Vampire mutated cells. This is the reason why he can't copy it; your body structures are completely different. But you could always turn him into a blooded one?"
[Would you like to activate skill Blood ritual?]
[Yes] [No]
*****
Goals have been hit for mass release next week!
15,000 Stones = 6 extra chapters for mass release.

 
Chapter 92 Blood Ritual
Quinn was wondering what the blood ritual was, after all, there wasn't much information revealed about it. But now that the system was offering for Vorden to become a blooded one, it all became clear to him.
It was a ritual that would allow Vorden to turn into some type of vampire. Underneath the skill, it also had the number 0/2. This would assume that at most, he was only able to turn two people. This number might increase in the future, but for now, that was how it was.
"I can't just turn Vorden into a vampire, he would have to deal with the same crap that I had to deal with." Quinn thought," Maybe I needed it to make myself stronger, but for Vorden who was already strong, there's no upside."
A thought then came into his mind. The blonde man in the video had told him to grow his own army, and soon others would come for him. Was this what he was talking about?
In the end though, Quinn decided it wasn't his decision to make. Vorden had helped big time, and if he wanted to, then it was his choice. And it would be nice to have people to go through this with.
"Hey Vorden, if you had the option, or let's say I could turn you into a Vampire, would you?" Quinn asked.
"I don't want to hurt your feelings or anything like that, but the answer would be no," Vorden replied." Being weak for most of the day, sure it's fine while we're on a planet like this but… besides what would happen to my ability?"
Quinn waited for the AI to answer his concern. The AI actually started to seem smarter than he first thought. From what he said earlier and also giving him the option to use his skill. Meant it was listening in on everything that was being said.
"Fine, I can see you're waiting for an answer, His whole cell structure would change, and he would then become a vampire. Or something like one anyway. Which yes would mean he would no longer have his ability. Not only that, but it might be a while before he could learn one as well."
"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.
"You didn't learn the shadow ability the conventional way, there is no longer an ability book to learn from. It would be nearly impossible for you to teach it to him. Then you would have to wait until you found an ability book compatible with your Vampire cells."
"Yeah, sorry Vorden, it probably would get rid of your ability", Quinn said scratching the back of his head." I just thought I would ask; you might have been one of those types obsessed with Vampires."
"There are people like that?" Vorden replied.
****
The two of them then started to head down the stadium floor, an area that was designed for combat. They had been looking around the room for an hour now, and it seemed like they were unable to find a place where the portal could be.
They needed to make a decision. Whether or not to leave the training centre and head outside to look for another place. But before deciding any of that, Quinn wanted to get the hang of his new skills.
Vorden was also interested and thought he might be able to help since he had experience with using elemental abilities before.
The first test was his dimensional storage skill. Just like with his other skills, all he needed to do was think about it in his head, and it would activate. While activated, the shadow from his own body started to wiggle and swirl about a bit. It looked like an ocean continually moving.
Using a piece of metal he grabbed earlier, he slowly pushed it into his shadow, and the object started to sink in until it eventually disappeared.
"That's kinda neat", Vorden said watching." Can you get it back out?"
Quinn then placed his hand into his shadow, as he did his arm sunk into it, but he could feel nothing. He then thought of the piece of metal, and suddenly he could feel something in his hand, he pulled and out came the piece of scrap metal.
The two continued to do more tests with the dimensional storage. Quinn found out that not only his shadow could be used to gain access to things but also Vorden's shadow or any shadow cast by the wall and buildings.
When Quinn touched these shadows, they too would start to wiggle like his own shadow.
The next test was to see if they could store items bigger then the shadow itself. Vorden gathered a bunch of chairs from the stadium and formed them into one giant flat metal circle. Then Quinn placed one hand on the circle while the other on his shadow to store the item.
The shadow underneath his foot started to expand into the shadow created by the large circle. Eventually, the whole thing dropped inside.
It seemed like the size of the item did not matter, and the good thing was it didn't take up any MC to use it.
The next skill as the one Quinn was looking forward to the most. Shadow Control, a skill that didn't say much in terms of description.
[Shadow Control lv.1 active]
Then inside Quinn's mind, something had clicked. He felt like he had a new set of arms he could control. The shadow underneath his legs was alive, and could freely move about. He lifted the shadow, and it was like a dark moving mist that continually surrounded him.
"I guess the skill is limited to just the shadow around you for now. It's like a level 1 earth ability," said Vorden." I wonder why it needs so many mutant cells to activate and is considered a level 6."
Using the shadow around him, Quinn was able to extend it out and lift the small piece of metal that he pulled from his dimension earlier. It was like controlling another person.
After using it for a while, Quinn seemed to get the hang of it. He could move the shadow to go anywhere around his body, or he could form it into whatever he liked. Even weapons but when changing it into a sword-like shape and trying to cut the metal, it did nothing but go around it.
It seemed like the shadow sword did not have the same properties.
"Well, now that you got the hang of it, you want to spar a little?" Vorden asked.
****
15,000 Stones mass release goal = 6 chapters

 
Chapter 93 Rescue Team arrive
Having the shadow just active and moving about didn't take much MC. It only took about one point of MC per minute. Which meant he could play about and activate the shadow for around an hour and a half if he didn't use any other skills.
This didn't change, no matter what he did with the shadow. However, there did seem to be one downside. While he was using his Shadow control skill, he was unable to cast Shadow cloak or even use his Shadow dimension.
The shadow underneath him was no longer there and was being controlled. If he activated shadow dimension, the shadow would immediately fall to his feet again.
Now the two of them stood opposite each other ready to have a friendly fight. Vorden this time had a couple of metal balls hovering around him instead of spikes.
"Be careful Quinn, although these might not be like the spikes, they can still do a lot of damage."
"It's alright Vorden, my body can handle it."
Not using his full strength Vorden repelled the ball at a decent speed heading towards Quinn, at that moment he lifted the shadow from his feat to form a type of wall. As the two made an impact, the ball seemed to slow down.
It started sinking through the shadow slowly, then part of it could be seen from the other side. Quinn stared at the ball carefully, and then when the ball had nearly passed through the shadow wall, it started to accelerate.
"Uh, oh!"
The ball left the shadow wall and slammed right into Quinn's stomach falling to the ground.
"Argh!" Quinn shouted as he tried to breathe in some air.
"Well, I wasn't expecting that," Vorden said.
"Try again." Quinn groaned.
Vorden then fired the second ball of metal and once again Quinn lifted up his shadow shield, and the same result had appeared. Only this time Quinn moved to the side allowing the shadow to stay where it was before moving the shadow, the ball then carried on moving forward and banged into the stadium wall.
"Let's see how physical attacks work," Vorden said as he moved forward and swung a long metal pipe he had in his hand.
Using the shadow Quinn blocked again, and the same thing happened, however, Vorden was easily able to pull the object away from the shadow and attack in a new place. He also noticed that the shadow was only covering Quinn's front and was not big enough to go around his back.
If he was to use his attract skill on one of the metal balls, he would easily be able to hurt Quinn right now.
Vorden continued to attack with the metal pipe, and Quinn continued to block moving the shadow in the areas where Quinn was attacking.
That's when he released something. Every time Quinn would hit his shadow, his MC points would go down by a chunk or so. The same thing had happened when he threw out the balls. The stronger the attack, it seemed the more MC points would be used from the shadow.
Then when Vorden was about to attack one more time.
"Wait, stop Vorden!" Quinn shouted.
His shadow had vanished, and he had run out of MC points.
The shadow acted as a type of shield; it wasn't solid enough to block attacks but would be able to slow them down. Later, when Quinn's MC points were restored a little bit, he did a few other tests.
If Vorden was close enough, he could use the shadow to grab onto him like an extra pair of hands, or even grab on to his legs, slowing him down.
But there wasn't enough of the shadow to use it in both of these ways. He could simply either use the shadow to attack or to defend.
"Well, I can see why your ability is a level 6 now." Vorden said," I think it's more to do with how freely you can use the shadow and my example would be the skills. Normally a skill would just be a different type of attack but your ability, your shadows can actually be used to do entirely new things. A separate storage space, masking you in the night and even as a defensive shield. Its almost as if you have three abilities combined into one."
Quinn was happy with the results of the shadow ability and hearing Vorden talk about made him feel even more confident. He couldn't wait to unlock the other skills in the Shadow Tab of his system.
With the spar over, the two of them decided that once Quinn was fully rested and his MC points were back, they would exit out of the training centre and go exploring again. After all, if they did nothing, they would soon start to starve, and Vorden didn't want another instance where Quinn got to hungry.
It took around 30 seconds for Quinn to gain back a single MC point so it would take around an hour for all of his points to be restored. Then they would make their move back to the outside.
*****
Outside, in the abandoned shelter, somewhere in the city between two broken-down buildings in the middle of the street. A specific area started to appear distorted, the space itself looked as if it was bending. Then little sparks of electricity were seen coming from it.
*Zap
Suddenly, 4 people appeared holding hands together on the street. As soon as they saw where they were, they immediately let go.
"Is everyone here?" Fay asked as she did a headcount.
The homeroom teacher Del was here, although he was still wearing clothing like he was ready to teach. Then there was the Doctor Hayley, she was dressed more appropriately with high-end beast gear all over. She didn't look like her usual self in her white robe and looked almost intimidating.
It was what one would expect as her father was one of the generals of the school.
Then there was Leo, he was wearing light armour that fitted tightly to the skin similar to Fay. Both of their abilities focused on speed, so it was important not to wear something too heavy.
"Alright, our goal is to find the children", Fay said.
The rescue team had arrived.
****
Remember to Vote for mass release next week, and mass release tomorrow!
15,000 Stones = 6 Chapter mass release.

 
Chapter 94 Who is stronger?
When entering the portal, as long as there was one on the other end, it would throw you somewhere within a one-mile radius of another. As long as there was already a portal set up on the other end. The reason why the group were holding hands is to ensure that they would all be teleported to the same place.
Unlike when Quinn and Vorden entered the teleporter one by one, they were chucked to different locations.
On Del's back was a fairly large rucksack that looked quite heavy. As he walked with the group, hit footsteps stomped the ground and his back was arched.
"Why do I have to carry this thing!" Del complained.
"Right now you're the weakest of us four right?" Fay replied," So if you want us to protect you, it's best that you carry the portable teleporter."
Del then looked at Hayley who was by his side, and even he had to admit she looked quite frightening for a doctor. She was in a full set of large beast gear. A frightening-looking chest piece that looked to have a face on it and spikes sticking out of the shoulder pads. On her back, she was carrying a large single greatsword that was nearly the same size as herself.
She almost looked like a professional Traveller that went hunting in these types of places all the time.
'Rich people, that's what happens when your father is a general in the army.' Del thought.
"Fine, I understand that but why even the need to bring the portable teleporter in the first place? Isn't the teleporter fine on this end?" Del asked.
"It's back up." Leo said," Look around you and look at this shelter. It was basically the size of a city, don't you think they had people protecting it as strong as us. We might encounter a strong beast and have to make an emergency exit, or there might even be beast blocking the current portal. It's always better to be safe than sorry."
"Okay with that said and done let's head for the training centre. It was the place the portal was last known to be, and we can see if it's safe or not. Leo will lead the way for us. I don't want to stay on this planet for long, and I don't want to find out what destroyed this shelter.
Leo walked upfront and using his ability, the group were able to avoid trouble. In a way, although blind, his sight was better than the others. His ability allowed him to see an aura around things and see them in different colours.
A beasts aura was always red, while humans yellow. It also allowed him to see the aura through most objects such as building walls and so on. Allowing them to avoid any confrontation with beasts.
However, if the group saw only a few Rattaclaw that they could deal with, instead of taking the long route round. Leo and Fay would often head out and deal with them quickly. The two of them were both swordsmen.
While Fay would use her longsword, Leo would use his katana blade. Not even giving the rats a chance to live.
As they continued to walk, Hayley had a question on her mind after seeing the two of them deal with the rats.
"I always wondered, which of you two are stronger?" Hayley asked.
The two upfront suddenly froze, and Del looked at Hayley like she had no sense of personal questions.
"Hey, you can't just ask something like that?" Del whispered.
Of course, he was interested. Everyone was. These types of questions came up all the time. Fay and Leo were both of the same ranks. Two of the 8 sergeants at the school. Talk always happened between the other teachers and soldiers about who was the strongest out of them all.
This also happened regularly with the three generals.
"It's okay," Fay said." I can easily answer for you. It's Leo. I don't know if you two know this, but we had to practically beg him to join our ranks after the first war. Back then, he was only a private, but he had made so many accomplishments; it was unbelievable. He had one condition when joining the army. I would like to become a teacher."
Leo didn't say anything after that, in fact, he never spoke much in the first place, but Del was still wondering how it was possible. Leo's ability was handy sure, and it might be a high-level ability. But that was only because it required a high amount of MC to use.
Not because it was powerful. While Fay had the ability of super speed. If the two of them fought, there was no way he could see her losing.
In the end, Del thought she must have just said that to be kind to her senior. Fay was still quite young, after all. Only in her late twenties.
Finally, the group had arrived just outside the training centre.
"We'll make sure the portal is safe first and then after we will go out looking for the kids," Fay said.
"The entrance looks clear." Said Leo.
They walked onward and eventually saw the dead Rattaclaws just outside of the entrance. Not only that but the entrance to the place was completely busted. It had been bent, and miss mangled but was still covering the door.
Fay went to the access machine and tried the code, the sound went off, indicating that it was unlocked, but the doors wouldn't move. They were too damaged.
"What happened here?" Hayley asked," Do you think it was the kids?"
"I think you mean Kid," Del added." Only one of them has an ability, remember?"
"Ah, Vorden the original correct, his ability is to copy that of others. Although we don't really know how it works, it could be possible. If he copied a strong ability, then I could see him being able to kill these Rats." Said Fay.
"Well if we find Vorden we can go home, right?" Del asked.
"Are you suggesting we leave and not bother looking for the other one?" Leo asked.
"The mission stated to only find Vorden, anyone else is considered a bonus, would you risk your lives for one student."
"When I joined that war, what do you think I was doing?" Leo asked," I was risking my life for the sake of everyone. For the sake of the human race's future and you know what. That is these children."
"Enough you two" Fay snapped." technically Del is correct, but I see you are passionate about this. We will scout the nearby area using your ability. If we find nothing, then we leave. Fair?"
Leo didn't say much and started to walk up to the door, he drew out his katana blade and readied himself.
"Isn't that door made out of Glathrium it's one of the hardest materials we know of. It's why this training centre remained unharmed in the first place." Del said chuckling at the idiotic attempt Leo was about to make.
"I'm assuming you wanted to know why Leo is stronger than I am?" Fay asked.
Leo slashed the door with one swing. No sound was made, and it seemed like the door wasn't even touched. Then a few seconds lather a vertical slash was seen in the door, and the top half fell backwards onto the floor.
"That's why." Said Fay.
****
Made mistake mass release is tomorrow not today. Got days wrong.
We Hit 15,000 stones for 6 mass release next week.
Thank you, everyone, and keep voting to show your support.

 
Chapter 95 Truedream Familiy
After entering through the Glathrium door, the group then went to lift the fallen part of the door up and place it back up. It was heavy, but with Hayley's help, the door felt extremely light, and they managed to set it perfectly like a jigsaw puzzle.
While it might not keep the beast out at least, it would deter them from entering.
Del watching the whole thing hated to think just how high a level of beast equipment Hayley was wearing to be able to lift the door so easily.
They continued to walk in the hallway which was covered in darkness, although for Leo leading the way it made no difference.
But while walking, Del couldn't get out of his head how easily Leo was able to break the door. It wasn't like Del was a student he was a professor too. He had participated in the war back then as well and never saw anything like what he saw today.
'Could it be a demon level weapon?' He thought.
But he quickly came to the conclusion that it was impossible. At the moment, there were only two demon level beast weapons in existence. One of them belonged to the Army, while the other belonged to the group known as Pure.
However, it was clear to Del that what Leo was using was at least a top-level Beast tier weapon.
They had entered the reception area, where several doorways were leading to different sections of the training centre. At the front, there was the reception desk with two hallways leading to the arena. Then there was the actual reception room which could also lead you to the canteen and the living quarters.
"Wait, stop," Hayley said to Leo and Fay upfront.
She bent down and studied the ground.
"Can you see what this is? It's blood and leading that way." She said as she pointed to the living quarters.
"How can you tell which direction, it's coming from the stadium as well?" Del asked.
"Well, the blood tail, you can see that it's heading in this direction and there's a lot of it, almost as if someone was dragged this way."
"Come on, let's hurry, it could be one of the students," Fay said.
They made sure not to rush but quickly headed in the direction of the blood following the trail. If there was a beast inside, they needed to make sure they wouldn't startle it.
Leo also no longer took the lead, and instead, it was Fay. Usually, Leo's ability would allow him to detect auras and abilities through wall's and such, but it didn't work through Glathrium, and the whole place was made of it.
Although he could still direct himself, he couldn't tell if there was danger up ahead until actually seeing it.
They followed the trail until finally, it led them to the hallway, with a broken door outside and a ripped apart chair.
Fay peaked her head into the room with the broken door and immediately turned away.
"Hayley I think you better take a look at this," Fay said, turning her head away.
Hayley took over and went inside the room, while Del also took a look and turned his head away.
"Did you see the body?" Del said," its body was ripped in half, guts spilling everywhere."
Leo, who was standing next to him, turned his head and looked him in the eye." No I didn't see anything, I haven't done so in a while now."
Hayley continued to examine the body, she went around the man's neck. Underneath his beast armour, she pulled out a coloured dog tag. While holding the dog tag, she continued to inspect the body, and that's when she spotted something.
'Again, two bite marks on the neck, just like the other students.' Hayley thought. 'Is there really a beast inside the academy somewhere, the same thing that killed this man? Or is it something else?'
Hayley then stood up from the body and walked forward.
"Do you want the good news or bad news?" She said.
"Just tell us everything," Fay replied.
"Well, the good news is it's not one of the students." Hayley then pulled out the tag which was attached to a chain and dangled it in front of the others." The bad news is he was from one of the big four families."
Each person's face dropped as soon as they heard the news.
"Which one?" Fay asked.
"The tag says Truedream."
Fay immediately slammed her fist, against the wall as she heard those words." Why them out of all the families."
The big four families were the ones who had the power to rival the military. They were originals with immense power who chose not to share their abilities. However, the Truedream family were the most unique out of the four.
They had the closest connection with the military, enough to even have a seat at the council table. This was all because of the head of the family, who had the ability to steal others abilities.
If anyone ever tried to rebel against the Army, then they would get a visit from the Truedream leader, and they could never use their ability again.
The only problem was Truedream could only take away their abilities but not use them. So he needed a strong ally, and that's why he got close to the military.
Then when he felt safe and protected, he started to gather his own men, the abilities he had taken, he would gift to those he trusted, and they were truly grateful to him. But there was always this fear in the back of his mind he could be betrayed by his own.
With no powers for himself, he chose to stay by the military side.
This fear kept people in line, this fear was what made people complacent with the system the military had today. Although many didn't agree with the cruel ways and the carrot and stick approach, the current army had. They had no choice.
"We can leave him here for now, but it's best before we leave, we bring his body and take it to the Truedream family."
"It's a pain, but they should be thankful we brought back one of their own," Fay said.
After leaving the body be, they decided to follow the trail of blood back outside and into the stadium, and that's when they spotted the two kids lying down on the floor.
"They're here, what luck!" Del said as he ran forward.
Hayley, Fay and Del immediately went forward while Leo was the only one who stayed back. For in the centre of the arena he could see a colour of aura he had never seen before, one which was purple.
****
6-chapter release tomorrow, prepare yourselves.
15,000 stone goal hit! For the mass release next week.
Please continue to vote to show your support; it keeps me working hard.

 
Chapter 96 I'm sick
Before the rescue team had arrived. Vorden and Quinn were both sitting down in the centre of the arena. The two of them didn't have much to talk about, so they just chatted about there old lives at school.
Quinn's life seemed horrible, he went on to explain how he was raised with no parents and how he was bullied since entering school. The bullying wasn't really bad until the treaty was signed. When there was no more war, that's when people started to go crazy.
However, whenever Quinn would ask Vorden about his school life, he would give a simple answer and ask Quinn a question. The first few times, he didn't really notice anything strange, but then, Quinn started purposely asking questions that were harder to avoid.
But again, Vorden seemed to avoid the question, in the end, Quinn decided to stop. It wasn't right integrating someone like this. If Vorden had something he didn't want to share, then it was up to him.
"Hey, I just noticed something," Vorden said as he pointed at Quinn's wrist.
Quinn lifted his hand and looked at it, and even he was surprised by what he was seeing. The number on his wristwatch was still saying he was a level 1.
"I thought you said it would change when I activated my MC points?"
"Well, that's what's supposed to happen." Vorden then placed his hand on his chin as he thought about it for a while." Do you think it's because you're a vampire? Just like how I can't copy your shadow ability, the watch might not be able to measure your type of MC in your body."
Hearing this news, Quinn was actually a little upset. With the use and gain of an ability as well as Vorden's plan. He was looking forward to being able to use his powers freely. As a level 6 user people would no longer challenge him just as he walked around the school.
But now, if he showed he had shadow powers and the number on his wristwatch still indicated one, they would be just as suspicious about him. They would say the watch was broken and get him a new one, but it would just be the same result.
"I think it's best if you hide your shadow ability for now." Said Vorden." You've already hidden your vampire abilities for this long, you can hide your shadow abilities, right?"
Vorden could see Quinn was a little downhearted by the news he had given him. After learning what Quinn had gone through at his last school, it was understandable. In a way, Vorden thought he was helping him by getting revenge and attacking those second years, but it was just making him and Peter a bigger target.
'I'm so selfish' Vorden thought.
"Don't look so down," said Vorden." if we find someone in the school that's good at technology, we can get them to tinker with the watch. They don't need to find out about your cells but just get someone to hack it, so it displays the number six. Plus look at the Brightside, the military tournament is coming up, and it would be good if you hide your ability until then. Show everyone on the big stage. Besides if you came back with a level 6 now, they would be more shocked about how you learnt it so fast, so it works in our favour."
Hearing those words did cheer Quinn up a bit. There was always a geeky person who was good at technology in the school. The only problem was approaching said person. Maybe this was something Layla would be better at doing.
Just then the sergeants and professors had entered the room, and surprisingly the first person who ran up to the both of them was their homeroom teacher Del. He continued to dash forward until he gave the two of them a big hug.
"I'm so glad your both safe." He said with tears rolling down his face.
Quinn and Vorden thought it was sweet and didn't realise the homeroom teacher cared about them so much.
But the truth was, Del, didn't care about either of them at all. He was filled with tears of joy that they wouldn't have to stay in this scary place any longer. He felt like the longer he remained in this place, the more likely he was to die, especially after seeing Ian's dead body on the floor.
Hayley then came over to the two of them and did a general check-up to see if they were okay." You look a little different from the last time I saw you?" Hayley said.
"You remember me?" Quinn asked
"Of course, I do, I remember you taking that girl to my office at that time."
Not many people even remembered what Quinn looked like after seeing him the first time. Which is why the other teachers had no reaction when seeing him, so he was quite surprised.
"Boys your age do grow quick, you're looking like a man already." She said, smiling.
She didn't know why, but as she was touching Quinn all over, she could feel his bulging muscles. His body was toned for his age, and a certain feeling was coming over her a little.
'Looks like the Charm effect is working.' The system said, 'It's a shame you didn't save up all your stats and put all your points into the thing, she would have confessed to you right here and now.'
At first, Quinn thought the system was joking but looking at Hayley's face she really was taking a little longer to check up on him compared to Vorden. Suddenly she snapped out of it and took her hands away.
After checking all their vitals were fine, she handed both of them a food pill. Vorden took the pill immediately while Quinn did the same.
Although Quinn felt full, he decided to still take the pill regardless.
However, as the pill went into Quinn's mouth and down his throat, he started coughing wildly, it was as if he was choking on the pill.
"Is he choking?" Del asked.
"I highly doubt it, the pill is around the same size as a pea, and it dissolves almost immediately."
Quinn continued to cough with his hands placed on his knees until he threw up all across the floor.
Fay, who was standing by his side, had a worried look on her face." Hayley quick check up on him, there's blood in his vomit."

 
Chapter 97 I've changed
Quinn hadn't eaten anything in the last two days, if this was the case with anyone else, then they would be starving with hunger. However, it wasn't the case for Quinn. Before eating the pill, he felt completely full, and he could guess the reason why. Ian's blood.
The last thing he had eaten was the blood, and it was all he currently had inside his stomach. For some reason, as soon as he took that pill, it was like his body was rejecting it.
[Inedible substance consumed]
[ - 10 HP]
[45/55 HP]
Quinn had no trouble consuming foods before, sure his taste buds where bland compared to before but he could always scoff the food down his throat no matter what it was.
Hayley rushed over to check on Quinn once again and placed him on the floor. She checked everything she could and even started to use her healing ability on his stomach. A soothing feeling came over him as the light emitting from her hands produced a faint glow.
[A healing ability has been detected]
[unable to block ability]
[+1]
[+1]
…
[55/55 HP]
It was a relief to know that healing abilities still worked for Quinn. In the future, it would be handy to have one in his circle if he was ever seriously injured.
"Thank you, I feel much better," Quinn said.
[Your hunger grows]
Although she was able to heal him back up to full health, the healing ability could do nothing about the food he had just spilt all over the floor.
"Did you find out what's wrong with the boy?" Fay asked.
"Not yet," Hayley replied," But I would need to take him back to the doctor's office when I get back."
Just then Leo had returned carrying something over his shoulder. As soon as he entered the room, Quinn was able to tell what it was straight away. The sweet smell was calling to him.
[Blood bank used]
[90/100 millilitres]
[You are no longer hungry]
After taking some blood from his blood bank he no longer had the urge to go grab the body of Leo's shoulder, however, the sweet smell did still remain in the room.
"Are we ready to head off now," Leo said, staring in the direction of Quinn.
'Is he looking at me? Can't be right, he is blind after all.'
"Now, you two," Fay said, looking at Vorden and Quinn." When we head back, I want a detailed report of what happened. Although we have already heard the other side of the story, we would like to hear yours, so it matches up."
Vorden and Quinn looked at each other.
"You mean you know someone pushed us into the portal?" Vorden asked.
"Yes, the second year who was responsible came forward and admitted it. General duke is dealing with his punishment as we speak."
The two didn't know why, but someone was covering for Peter. Which meant that Vorden and Quinn's suspicions were right, someone had asked Peter to do this, and it wasn't just anyone. Someone with a high enough backing to be able to cover up and get a second year to take the blame.
The group started to walk around the training centre with the kids in the centre and Fay leading the front. Behind them was Leo and now Quinn was sure of it. Leo was staring at him intently, then he remembered Leo saying something about telling if someone was using an ability or not.
Could Leo have discovered Quinn now had an ability but if so, why wasn't he saying anything? Then before he knew it, Leo was by his side and moved his head right next to Quinn's ear.
"When we're back at the school, let's have a talk just you and me. I promise I won't hurt you." He whispered.
As soon as he finished saying his words, Leo went back to his position as a guard behind them. When Quinn turned around to take a look, he could see that Leo had a big smile on his face.
Quinn was finding it hard to trust people these days, but with a face like that, he really couldn't see him doing any harm, and he wanted to know what Leo wanted to talk to him about.
Worst case if he was to meet, he would bring Vorden and Layla along.
Finally, they had reached the reception room, the first place they had arrived at when they entered from outside. At the desk, there was a computer with a passcode machine next to it. Fay input the code which allowed her to turn and log into the computer.
After she typed away a few things, a large mechanical sound could be heard coming from the direction of the arena.
"Well, we would have never been able to open that thing ourselves," Vorden said.
Although Quinn thought differently. With his inspect skill, he could have at least got past the passcode machine, but he wondered if it would have helped him with the computer.
The group returned from where they had just come and this time when entering the stadium rather than just the plain flooring on the arena floor. Out from underneath, a large portal had been lifted and placed there.
"It looks absolutely fine!" Del complained," Looks like I carried this thing for no reason after all."
As the group walked closer to the portal, Quinn was beginning to hear his heartbeat louder, and he wasn't the only one.
"What's wrong boy?" Leo said.
"It's nothing." He replied.
But it was a lie. After throwing up the food pill, it was clear to him that his body had changed after the last evolution. He could eat food and now he couldn't, so what about other changes.
Before when walking into the sun he would lose half his stats, what if this time he just burnt to ashes.
Vorden looking at Quinn had realised the same thing." Hey, do you know if it's day time or night time on the other end of this thing. I haven't seen the sun for ages."
"The sun should still be out for a couple of hours." Fay replied," But when you two get back, I suggest you rest."
Quinn gulped after hearing those words.
'Oh, will you relax!' The system said, 'Don't worry, the sun won't kill you.'
'Really?'
'Yes, why would I lie to you, all though it will have a different effect on you.'
'Like what?'
��Well, just wait and see.'

 
Chapter 98 Back again
With the system telling him he had nothing to worry about, his heart started to settle down a bit. It had no reason to lie to him, other than if he was playing some type of sick joke but then why would it do that. Although knowing the creator's personality through the videos alone, it was something he would totally do.
The group stepped into the portal and exited out from the other end.
As they opened their eyes, they could see they were in the training hall. The same one where Peter had pushed Quinn. Since they were indoors, no system message had appeared telling him his defects.
"But I thought the portal would send us to a random location?" Quinn asked.
"That's actually only the case with Red portals." Fay replied," It's designed that way, so beasts are unable to know the location. Also, with a planet that has been undiscovered, which is usually the case with red portals, it's hard to pinpoint exact coordinates like we can on earth."
"Vorden you head back to class, there are some checks I still need to do on Quinn," Hayley said.
They did as they were told, Quinn followed Hayley along while Vorden decided to head back to his dorm room.
"Del, you're free to go, and Leo you come with me. We will report this back to Nathan telling him the mission is a success and I'm guessing he will decide what to do with the Truedream body."
*****
The students were currently in the middle of their classes. Layla was sitting in her seat, hitting her pen constantly on her table. She moved it up and down in the middle with her fingers. It was something she would do whenever she had something on her mind.
She was hoping one of her connections would be able to get Quinn out of there, but he had to be taken to a relatively unknown planet. The more she thought about it, the angrier she got, and all that anger was being directed at Peter.
As soon as classes were over and she entered the hallway, she could hear all the other students mumbling away.
"Did you hear? Apparently, the missing students are back."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah I saw Vordenn walking back to the dorms, and Professor Del was cheering out loudly in the hallway."
'Vorden's back but what about Quinn?' Layla thought.
She immediately rushed over to the boy's dorm to see if the rumours she heard where true, but before knocking on the dorm room, she hesitated. The last time she had done something like this, she was strangled by that psycho Vorden.
But she needed to know, she wanted to know if Quinn was safe. She gathered her courage and knocked at the door. A few seconds later and the last person she wanted to see had opened it. It was Vorden.
"Look, let me just get to chase, where is Quinn?"
Vorden smiled as soon as he saw who was at the door.
"He's at the doctor's office."
"Thank you." She said as she rushed off.
"Wait!" Vorden shouted. As she turned around, she could still see a huge grin on his face.
"You're not the only one that knows anymore." He said.
"What do you mean?" Layla asked.
Vorden then started to walk over to her slowly, the grin on his face was beginning to get creepier by the second.
"I'm saying you're no longer special and not needed by him anymore, because I know."
Layla turned and continued to run, and as she did, she had the final say.
"I guess your still a crazy boy!"
She ran and ran until eventually, she had finally reached the doctor's office. When she entered the room, she noticed that Hayley wasn't there, but when she looked at each of the beds, she had finally found him.
"Quinn!" She said surprised, for a moment she had to look him up and down a couple of times. His jawline, his clear skin and just something about him was pulling her towards him.
"What's going on?" she said," Are you using some type of Charm spell on me?" She had read enough Vampire Novels to know what was happening. Although she was fascinated with Quinn because of what he was, she had never thought he looked handsome, but for some reason, her mind was now running wild with thoughts.
'Can you turn this thing off!' Quinn said in his head.
'Of course, but I thought you would like this?' the system replied.
Of course I do, but if it's like this, she won't really like me, its just cause of the system.'
[Charm stat deactivated]
Suddenly, Layla no longer had the urge. But still looking at Quinn now, he looked different from before, and she had to admit he was now on the same level as Vorden with his looks. Although she didn't like Vorden, she knew a pretty boy when she saw one.
"Are you okay, what happened?" She asked.
While no one else was in the office, Quinn proceeded to tell Layla everything that happened in the portal world.
"I'm sorry, I wasn't there." She said," I said I would help you, but I couldn't."
"Hey, don't worry about it," Quinn replied." I wasn't expecting anyone to jump in after me, that's practically suicide."
"He did," Layla mumbled just quite enough so Quinn couldn't understand what she said.
For some reason, she felt like Vorden had one-upped her on the loyalty scale.
"Just remember if you need any blood, you can call me, you don't have to really on Vorden." She said as she rushed off out of the doctor's office.
It was a nice feeling to have people worry about him. For the first time in his life, Quinn truly felt like he had friends. It was a strange feeling he had never felt before, no one had looked out for him when he was hurt.
In the past, when he came back home all beaten up, he always had entered an empty room. No one would ask if he was okay or how he was doing. But ever since getting the system things were different.
After Hayley had given Quinn the all okay to leave the office, he finally returned to his dorm room. Inside Vorden was busy playing on a handheld device.
"Hey man, is everything all okay," Vorden asked." They didn't find out you were a…" he looked around the room before finishing the last words" Vampire, did they?"
"Yeah everything was fine, she said she could find nothing wrong with me and my blood levels were normal. So she sent me back."
As the two of them were talking away, a beep sound was heard from the door. Indicating that it had been unlocked.
The door opened and in came Peter.

 
Chapter 99 Same Teams
With no one to talk to or no one to help him out of the situation he was in, Peter would often go out for walks on his own around the campus. His mind was filled with regret and Layla's words. In a way, he felt like he should have been punished for what he had done, yet Layla had just left him there.
He felt even less significant than before, he wasn't even worth being hit.
After walking around school a couple of times, he decided to head back to his dorm room as usual.
But as he entered, he had nearly experienced the shock of his life. The two people who he had thought had gone missing, possibly dead on another planet were in the room.
"Guys.." Peter started to say with his eyes watering up.
"GET OUT!" Vorden shouted as he pointed at the door.
"What?"
"I said, Get out!" Vorden shouted again," If you don't get out Peter, I don't know what I will do to you."
"But this is my room as well." He cried.
"I don't care, ask them to change rooms but you are not staying here."
Peter then looked to Quinn for help hoping he would say something. But Quinn just turned his head away as his body was shaking.
He didn't like what was happening, but it needed to be done. What Peter had done was unforgivable. He and Vorden could have died, and if he really was still a level one, he would have been killed by the first Rattaclaw he had seen.
Peter stood there, still in shock. He didn't know what to do. As soon as he saw the two of them, he was hoping everything would go back to how it was. Before everything had happened. He wanted to tell them how sorry he was, but they wouldn't even let him speak.
Vorden then went to his desk and grabbed a book chucking it towards Peter hitting the wall and falling onto the ground.
"The next one is going for your face if you don't leave." Said Vorden.
"Peter, please just go," Quinn said.
When Quinn spoke those words, it finally hit him. There was no redemption for him. No matter what he said or did, or even why. They had made up their minds; he was no longer their friend.
He opened the door and closed it behind him as he left. Looking around, there was nowhere left to go. It was already night time, it was nearly curfew so he couldn't go outside and all the other parts of the building would be closed now.
With nowhere to go and no one to rely on, he stayed in the dorm room hallway, curled up into a ball on the ground and cried himself to sleep.
The next day when the two woke up in their beds, they could hear a commotion going on outside. As they opened the door, they could see a group had gathered just outside their room, and they were all circling around something.
"What happened to him?"
"Look, the floors wet underneath."
"Did he cry himself to sleep outside, I thought I could hear something last night."
A boy from the group then knelt down and grabbed Peter by the hair lifting his head off the ground and waking him up.
"Hey, so it was you that was waking me up in the middle of the night." The boy said. Before deciding to do anything, the boy looked at Peter's watch and noticed he was a level one. The boy himself was only a level 2. So he took this chance to show everyone he wasn't at the bottom of the food chain.
"If you're going to stay out here like a dog, then you need to learn to shut up." He said as he lifted his hand and slapped Peter across the face.
Peter was already defeated at this point, he didn't care what happened to him. What were a few slaps, this pain was nothing. What was the pint of fighting back he would only get hurt more? The only people who had bothered to help him in the past, he had tried to kill them.
This is what Peter wanted, he wanted to be punished for his actions.
As the boy lifted his hand to slap Peter again, he felt something grab his wrist. Then before the boy could even turn his head, he saw a fist right in front of his eyes.
The punch was so powerful the sound of his Jaw cracking could be heard, and the boy immediately was knocked out and collapsed to the ground.
As Peter looked up through his watery vision, he could see Quinn standing there with a look of anger on his face.
"I didn't do that for you." He said," If anyone was treating someone like a piece of Sh*t like that, I would have done the same."
Without even looking at Peter, Quinn walked off with Vorden and headed to the canteen.
"Hey, who was that?"
"I'm not sure, but he was kinda hot."
"I don't remember seeing him in school, do you?"
"No, me either."
After breakfast, the group was to go to their homeroom class for the usual morning lesson before heading to combat classes. Everyone sat in their usual seats. Which meant that Vorden and Quinn were sat next to each other with Peter on the side.
"They really did come back."
"I heard they got pushed into a portal by some second year."
"It's amazing they managed to survive."
All of the students were talking about the two who had gone missing for a few days. It wasn't the talk around the school but was talked about frequently in Del's class since the students belonged to their class.
Del had finally entered the room with a smile on his face, as he prepared to give an announcement to the whole class.
"Good morning, everyone. Now that everything is back to normal again, I am proud to announce that your first portal outing date has been confirmed and will now be moved to next week. So please prepare yourselves as best you can. Oh, and remember to practise with your teammates. The same teams that were registered before will be used for this outing."
This meant that Peter, would be on the same team as the others.
****
Mass release day, 2 more chapters will be released at 0:00 Am GMT + 8
New goal will be released then as well. Keep voting everyone.

 
Chapter 100 Dreamland
Outside somewhere in the world, there was a city named Dreamland. The place was condensed packed with buildings and skyscrapers everywhere, and there didn't seem to be a place of open land that could be seen. A large wall also stood surrounding it around a hundred meters high.
On top of the walls, were several turrets and mechs standing guard day and night patrolling for any danger. Because of these things, Dreamland was considered one of the safest cities to live in. But it came at a cost.
Security was a significant issue, and so was habitable land on Earth. After the war, many of the old cities were obliterated and destroyed. Too much damage had been done. Parts of land gone missing, blown into small pieces, too small for humans to live on.
This was what caused the Humans to create shelters on other planets. It was a lot cheaper than living on Earth, and often many travellers from different associations and families would live there protecting the place.
But planet Earth would always be home to many, and it was hard for them to leave. They hated the fact if they lived on another planet, they might have to live in fear of beasts attacking them at any moment.
Because of this, the few places left on Earth were only for the very top.
There were only two ways to live in the city of Dreamland. To either be really rich or to become a part of the Truedream family. Swearing absolute loyalty to the leader and doing whatever was asked.
In the centre of the city, there was a skyscraper bigger than any of the others around it. The whole building had been made of Glathrium, the hardest materiel known in space.
Inside, on the very top floor was a bald-headed man in a nicely fitted suit was sitting down in his large armchair at his desk. His name was Jack Truedream. The leader of one of the big four families.
Just then, a female wearing business attire had entered the room.
"Sir, there has been a report that one of our family members have died?"
"What Rank was the Traveller?" Jack asked.
"Rank D sir."
Once students had left the academy, they were able to become Travellers and either work for a Faction, Family or as a freelancer. The world government issued these travellers with a Rank depending on the difficulty of tasks they can complete.
At some point, power levels didn't matter too much on the outside. The attribute that high-level beast gear gave you was much more useful. It was more important how you used your ability in conjunction with the beast gear.
When starting out as a traveller, everyone started as a rank F. The more tasks you would complete the more points you would be awarded. Usually, it would take a couple years between each Rank to level up.
Ranks went from F, all the way to A +.
Because of the way the system worked, it was always hard to gauge an F's ability, but the strong would usually move quickly through the ranks.
Therefore, travellers seemed to care less for power level and often looked at Rank instead.
���Our Rank D's die often out in missions, why the need to tell me?" Jack asked.
"Well sir, this one was received to us from one of the military bases, and it was one of our hopefuls named Ian."
Jack sat there and thought about it for a while. It was usual for him to get reports from other families and organisations when they found the dead bodies of his family. They wanted to do anything to get on his good side.
What troubled him, though, was the person who had actually died. To give a person an ability that he had taken away, he had to touch them and meet them in person. The low-level abilities he usually didn't remember too much.
But he remembered giving Ian quite a handy ability. He had also only taken a year to go from a rank F to a rank D and was hoping for better things for him in the future.
"Send me the report. I'd like to take a look?"
The female then clicked a device in her hand, and in an instant, a holographic display appeared in front of Jack. He used his hands to navigate through the pages and quickly read through the information.
There were also some pictures attached of Ian's body.
"Woah what a bad way to die," Ian said as he looked at the picture of his body cut in half.
But then he spotted something that interested him and started to zoom in, right on Ian's Neck.
"Alexa bring me up the report of two years ago on Danny Fletchmen."
"Report has been found." His computer system said as it brought up another file.
He looked through them once again and noticed that another family member had the same mark on his neck. Usually, Jack wouldn't remember details like this, But Danny Fletchman was a level 8 user and was a B rank traveller.
One of the strongest men that the Truedream had in their family. When he had died, it had come to a shock to him, and no one knew who or what had done it.
'Could these two cases be linked somehow?' He thought.
"Apparently they coincidentally came across Ian when they out looking for two students. I don't know much of the details."
"Do you know what military base they are from?"
The worker then placed her hand on her glasses, and images could be seen in the reflection. Words and articles started scrolling past her eyes.
"Military base two sir."
"Perhaps its time I pay a visit to them. It has been a while, and I could find out more information. In the meantime, find out what you can about Ian's last mission."
Jack then stood up from his chair and closed his eyes. Inside of him, he could see around ten little flames swirling around his stomach. Each of them looking slightly different from the others.
'It looks like I'm running low on abilities again, I guess it will also be a good chance to stock up as well.'
*****
We hit 22,000 Stones last week and unlocked 6 chapters mass release.
New mass release goal! I will also increase chapter length for mass release chapters to 1500 words instead of 1000 words for fast pass users.
20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters
22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters

 

 
	 Chapter 101 Leo's Question 
 With morning lessons over and done with, it was time for Combat lessons to start. Layla had come over with Erin by her side to Quinn. They weren't exactly friends now as the two didn't really talk much. 
 In fact, Erin didn't really say much at all to anyone. However, over the last few days after searching for Peter together, they started to hang around each other more often. They had also practised as a team together beforehand, and for the first time, Erin had actually called Layla by her name. 
 These were all huge steps forward in Layla's eyes, and before they knew it, the two of them would naturally just be around each other. 
 The three of them headed off to the beast weapons class while Vorden had already left for the elemental class. 
 Now sitting in the room all alone was Peter just blankly staring at the wall Infront of him. Even his fake friends were no longer talking to him at the canteen. Earl and his gang had been avoiding him ever since Erin had threatened them. 
 They had also already gotten their use out of him and no longer needed him anymore. 
 Peter continued to sit there and think back at all the stupid things he had done. If only he had done this differently, why did he decide not to ask for help, why did he agree to help them at the time? It had hurt back then and felt like he was going through hell, but right now, he couldn't even remember what the pain felt like. 
 As all these thoughts ran through his head, and he started clenching his hair in his hands. 
 Every time a stupid memory came up, he would pull his hair, trying to forget it as if he was pulling the memories out of his head. 
 "Why!" Peter shouted as he pulled out a clump of hair. 
 "Why!" He said again pulling out another. 
 His hands were now filled with parts of his hair. He could feel something running down from the top of his head. He had pulled so hard and so much hair that blood was starting to drip from his scalp. 
 *** 
 As Quinn was just about to leave the second-year building to head to the beast weapons hall, he paused for a second right by the exit. 
 This whole time he had been back, not once had he set foot outside in the sun and for the first time, he would be doing so now. He had asked the AI system repeatedly what the effects were, but he would never tell him. 
 'Calm down Quinn, you already know you won't die so what's the worst that could happen?' 
 "Hey, Quinn is everything okay?" Layla asked, noticing he had stopped just by the exit. 
 "Yeah, I'm fine," Quinn said as he took a step forward. 
 *Bang. 
 Instantly the effect of the sun had hit him. The ray's affected him more than ever, and a pounding feeling was heard in his head. He stumbled a little but soon caught himself. 
 It took him a few moments, but he finally adjusted to the sudden feeling. 
 [You are being hit by direct sunlight] 
 [All stats will be reduced by 70 percent] 
 '70, are you freaking kidding me!' Quinn shouted in his head. 
 "Now, now calm down." The System replied. "I thought you would act like this, so I didn't want to say anything." 
 "At least I had a chance of fighting in the sun before, I thought if I increased my stats to at least twenty, suck a few people here and there, I would be like a normal person in the sun. What am I meant to do now?" 
 "Well honestly, I never really had this problem before, back at the kingdom we had plenty of items that stopped the sun form affecting us. Just take a look at your inventory. That ring you were looking at is given to the weakest of our men." 
 The System was suddenly revealing a lot more information due to the outburst. Whenever Quinn would ask the System who he was or if there were other vampires out there, he would ignore him and pretend he never heard. 
 However, Quinn needed to deal with one problem at a time and right now, and the sun was an urgent one. 
 "Look, I can see you're depressed." The System said. "How about this." 
 He then opened up Quinn's menu and went to show him the shadow skills tab. Out of the ten skills, 3 had been unlocked, but seven were still greyed out. 
 "You just want to be able to fight in the sun, right? You see the skill named Shadow void, it cost a total of twenty skill points. I would recommend you unlock that next. The skill allows you to create your own space of shadows. Blocking it from not only the sun but outside viewers as well." 
 Although it wasn't a permanent solution to Quinn's problem, it was a solution. While Quinn struggled to walk Layla quickly came over and pulled out an umbrella over his head. She had kept it on her at all times for situations like these. 
 'Heh, heh, Vorden, looks like I'm needed more than you after all.' Layla thought. 
 Suddenly, Quinn started to feel a lot better. 
 [The sunlight is being blocked, all stats will return to normal] 
 "Do you guys have to be lovey-dovey in front of me?" Erin said as she saw the two walking under the umbrella. 
 "We're not a couple, he's just feeling sick. The sun gives him heat stroke easily." 
 "What a wimp," Erin said as she walked off ahead. 
 Quinn didn't know why, but Erin's words always seemed to sting a bit more compared to when others said it to him. 
 The three of them had finally arrived at the Martial hall and no longer needed the umbrella. Once again as he entered, he started to feel his heart beating faster than ever. He was nervous; the reason was simple. It was because of Leo. 
 For some reason Leo had asked that the next time the two of them met, to speak to him. Although Leo did say that he wouldn't hurt him, those words didn't exactly reassure him. 
 The classes had begun as normal with Leo asking the students to warm up by sparing with each other, but once again Leo had asked Layla to step away as Leo wanted to be his opponent. 
 Leo then took Quinn to the corner of the room away from the others, making sure they couldn't hear their conversation. 
 "Thank you for saving me in the portal world," Quinn said first, hoping to get on his good side by sucking up to him. 
 "I was just doing my job, what happened to your gauntlets, there's no energy emitting from your hand." 
 "They broke in the portal world, I'm sorry, I'll pay you back." 
 Leo raised his hand, telling Quinn to stop speaking. 
 "Boy there is no need, those weren't expensive in the first place, but for something to break some beast gear, you must have fought against some beasts then." 
 Quinn started to laugh nervously, he wasn't prepared for this and didn't really know how to answer. 
 "Oh no, one of those Rat beasts jumped at me, and all I did was lift my hand trying to protect myself. The beast wouldn't let go, so I had no choice but to take them off and run." 
 "I see," Leo said as he stood there silent for a moment. "Quinn, do you know they say when someone goes blind their sense of hearing improves. Now let me be the first to tell you that is all a myth. However, my ability does improve my senses, and I can hear your heart beating ever so loudly." 
 Quinn gulped as he was afraid of what the old man might say next. 
 "Do you also know; they say that when a person is lying their heart beast changes ever so slightly and they start to sweat more. Now, Quinn, the truth is, I don't care what you are, but I only have one question to ask you." 
 "Are you on humanities side? 
 **** 
 Please remember to vote. New mass release goal! I will also increase chapter length for mass release chapters to 1500 words instead of 1000 words for fast pass users. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 

 
	 Chapter 102 The Marketplace 
 Quinn started to think about the question Leo had given him. It was clear that he knew something about him through his ability, and it was why he had asked the question in the first place. But rather than out him to his higher-ups, or try to deal with him himself. He was asking a simple question. 
 'If I answer this wrong, will he attack me? Or maybe even turn me in?' Quinn thought. 
 But judging by what he had said earlier. If Quinn was to lie, he would be able to tell. 
 Everything about the current human society made Quinn feel sick to his very core. It wasn't just the government or the military but the originals as well. 
 When his parents were fighting in the war, why did they choose to reveal themselves towards the end and only then share their powers then? Why did the military design this cast system that put everyone into categories? In a way, he wanted to see the current society fail. 
 But did he want everyone to die? No. Did he want the Dalki to win the war, no, he didn't want that either. 
 Now that he thought about it more, he was in an interesting position. He couldn't exactly call himself human anymore. If they found out what he was, would they accept him over to their side? Probably not, humans were scared of the unknown. 
 But two people already had done. Layla and Vorden did know what he was, and didn't stop speaking to him or treated him any differently. 
 Quinn knew whats his answer was. 
 "I'm on my own side but there are people I want to protect on this side too." 
 For a second Leo just stood there silently. He continually looked at the purple flame burning around Quinn, and then he turned around and walked off without saying a word. 
 'I guess my answer was okay then.' Quinn said as he let out a huge puff of air. He felt like any second now he was about to have a nervous breakdown. 
 "Get yourself a new weapon kid!" Leo shouted, "You're going to need it for the portal expedition, and my offer still stands. Feel free to have a duel with me whenever you wish." 
 The combat classes had ended, and Quinn didn't end up doing much in today's session. With no equipment of his own, he had to pick something else from the wall. But when he tried using a sword, he realised how much practise you needed before he could even become half-decent at the thing. 
 Using his fist just felt natural to him, especially since nearly all of his skills required him to use his hands. This meant more than anything that he needed a new set of Gauntlets. 
 Before leaving the martial hall, he asked to borrow the umbrella Layla had and decided to head to the library for the rest of the afternoon. There he would be able to use the public computers. 
 On the way there he opened up his system to check on a few things. Firstly, it was his crystal inventory. Right now, he had 16 basic tier crystals, 1 intermediate tier crystal, and 1 advanced tier crystal. 
 The system shop had a set of Intermediate gauntlets for him, and all he needed for them was three intermediate crystals. There was no requirement of what type. Then there was the advanced tier crystal that could only be used as a ring. 
 He finally sat down on the computer and went on to the market place. He started his search to see what was the standard price for selling crystals. Right now, the basic tier crystals were useless to him. 
 Before logging in to access the weapons section of the marketplace, he was to input his military ID number. This wasn't recorded by the system but just proved that he was allowed to buy and sell weapons. 
 The marketplace promised to scramble all information once confirmed and entered. If people were able to tell who was selling these items, then it would cause a big problem for the seller. 
 [Enter username ID] 
 "I'll just use the same one as my game." 
 [Blood evolver] 
 A standard basic tier crystal could be sold for 100 credits, an intermediate crystal 1000, and an advanced crystal 10,000 credits. Right now, he was sitting on a gold mine. Some crystals sold for more depending on the rarity of them or what they could be turned into. 
 Next, he started to search for gauntlets, there weren't as many online compared to other weapons, but there was still plenty to choose from. He noticed that once you moved up from basic tier weapons, the description of each item would be quite significant. 
 It would tell you what crystal was used to create the weapon suggesting that it might have some other type of attribute other than strength. For example, some might have fire resistance if made from a beast from a hot planet or ice-resistant for one from a cold one. 
 "Let me give you a tip." The system said, "Place you're hand on the computer and use your inspect skill while looking at the item." 
 Quinn did as the system asked and was surprised by the result. Suddenly, he could see the stats of all the weapons that were in front of him. 
 "But how?" Quinn asked. 
 "The system you are using, itself is like a computer system. It scans the information the computer tells it and puts it into numbers for you to easily understand. Although it will only be able to tell you if the beast crystal is in the database. I tried my best to put as many different beasts as I could in there, but there may be some I have never seen." 
 Quinn continued to search through the items, but something surprised him, none of them gave the same number of stats like the one in the shop. At most, the strength they provided was +5. While the intermediate weapon in his system was +6. 
 Sure it was only one strength of difference, but right now that was a lot. The second thing was the price of the gauntlets. They ranged from anywhere between 6 to 8 thousand credits. This was because it included the cost of finding all the crystals, and also paying for someone to forge the weapon together. 
 Even the basic tier weapons cost were around 2000 or so credits. Quinn didn't even bother looking at any advanced tier weapons. 
 He sat there and started to think for a while about what to do and what was the best option. Without a doubt, he needed a weapon before next week. 
 In the end, he finally decided, the best thing to do was to sell the advanced tier crystal. Even though he was able to use it to create a ring that protected him from the sun. He needed ten of the things and not only that, it required a specific beast from a red portal planet. 
 A place where students just weren't allowed to go whenever they wanted. It was basically useless to him right now, and the credits would be more helpful. 
 Quinn then started to search for a Deathbat crystal on the market place hoping to figure out what price to he could sell it at, but to his surprise, there wasn't a single Deathbat crystal up for sale. 
 With no clue how much to sell it for Quinn decided to look at other specific crystals and priced it around there. 
 He did the base price of the crystal plus around 2000 extra credits selling it for 12,000 in total. 
 "And done, now all I need to do is wait for it to be sold, then I can buy two intermediate crystals and get the weapon form the system." 
 *Ding 
 It had only been a few seconds, but someone had already put up the money for the crystal. With it came a portal confirmation number. All Quinn needed to do was go to the storage unit and place the crystal in the teleporter. Once entering the confirmation number, it would teleport the item to the user on the other end. 
 **** 
 Somewhere in a dark room, a kid with his hair gelled backwards that looked to be a similar age to Quinn was on his computer browsing the market place. 
 "Come on, what happened to that guy, I paid him good money to get that crystal for me. I only need one more." The kid said. 
 He never expected to find anything on the market place, but every day he would check just to make sure. However, the exact crystal he was looking for turned up. 
 "No way! And only for 12,000 credits. I have to buy this straight away!" 
 With no hesitation, the boy swiped his card on the computer next to him, confirming the purchase of the item. 
 A man then appeared from the shadows and was stood next to the boy. 
 "Young master, if your father finds out you didn't get the crystals through your own effort, he will be furious. Every one of us had to go hunt those beasts as a trial for ourselves." The man said. 
 "Ha, ha, my father thought he could stop me, now with the ring I can finally leave this place!" 
 He then looked at the computer screen once again. 
 "Thank you, Blood evolver, you have made my day. If I ever meet you in real life, I promise I will repay this debt." 
 **** 
 Remember to vote for your stones for another mass release. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 
 Rank 1 in power stone ranking = Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 103 Buying from the shop 
 After sending away the advanced tier crystal, it didn't take long for Quinn to receive the money. The Portal delivery box confirmed that the item was real with a scan and then with a flash, it was sent. At the same time, Quinn's watch made a ding sound. 
 He looked at his watch, and 12,030 credits were all his. Never in his life did he think he would be able to acquire this type of money. 
 His original plan was to obtain the earth ability from the school. Then he would work hard and possibly be able to upgrade his ability to a power level of three. After he could join a hunting faction and become a traveller. 
 Killing basic beasts and selling their cores. But even then, he would have had to kill 120 basic beasts to make the amount of money he had today. 
 Before doing anything else, Quinn immediately put up the sixteen basic Rattaclaw crystals for sale. These didn't take long to sell either. There were always people and companies looking to buy them. If the beast crystals couldn't be used to make a weapon, they would be used as an energy source instead. 
 Powering up vehicles, lights, engines and all sorts. Now the total amount of credits was 13630 credits. He looked at the number again and again, and a smile couldn't stop appearing on his face. 
 Logging back onto the market place, Quinn was now searching for two intermediate crystals. The shop stated that the gauntlets he was after didn't need any specific type so he went ahead and purchased the two cheapest ones he could find at 1000 each. 
 It hurt him seeing his credits go down so suddenly, but this is what needed to be done. There was a need to spend money before one could make money. The better equipment would allow him to hunt stronger beasts and earn more money. 
 Before heading back to the storage room to obtain his crystals, Quinn decided to search the marketplace a bit more to see if there was anything useful. He also looked at the items in his shop, but they all required specific beast crystals that were nearly impossible to find on the market place. 
 That's when he realised the items in his shop seemed to be quite rare, Even when searching for a weapon or piece of armour similar, there were no matches found for these type of items. 
 After searching and searching, he decided to fork out a load of money on a pair of black boots. He purposely chose a design that didn't look to fancy but also gave him the best stats. That way if others saw the equipment, they wouldn't think anything of it and wondered where Quinn was able to get the money from. 
 After spending eight thousand on the boots he now only had 3,630 credits remaining. As he walked over to the storage room, he couldn't help but have a skip in his step. 
 Finally, he had arrived and entered the combination for both of his orders and a few seconds later. A couple of large boxes had appeared in front of him. 
 Quickly he lifted to two boxes and started to rush off towards his dorm room. As he entered the room, he was surprised to see Vorden wasn't there nor was Peter sitting outside. 
 Although he was too happy to wonder what had happened to them. He placed both of the boxes down and immediately ripped into them. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Intermediate Black horned wolf boots] 
 [Agility + 4] 
 [Defence +2] 
 [When boots are active can increase the user's speed by 10 percent for 30 seconds. If hit while active, speed will return to normal] 
 The boots were a solid black in colour, while the top of them that covered above his ankles were slightly pointed to imitate the ears of a wolf. Other than that, they just looked like regular boots which were perfect. 
 Quinn could have bought cheaper boots but what interested him about these where they had there very own active skill in them as well. Quinn had heard of such items having skills, but usually that was the case with hire tier equipment. 
 It was quite rare for a piece of intermediate beast equipment to have an active skill. Which was why the item was priced at the higher end. 
 Next were the two intermediate crystals he had bought, he held each of them in his hand, and the message had appeared. 
 [Would you like to store intermediate beast crystals (2) in your inventory?] 
 After selecting yes, the two crystals started to disappear and suddenly vanished out of the palm of his hands. Now when he accessed the shop, the gauntlets that he was looking for were no longer greyed out. After selecting the item, a final message appeared. 
 [Would you like to create the "Best standard" intermediate gauntlets?] 
 [Cost 3 intermediate crystal] 
 The naming of the item was a bit strange, but that still wouldn't put Quinn off. He was the only one that could see the name of the things anyway. 
 After selecting yes, an image was inserted into his head. He could see the three crystals he had obtained in a black empty space. Each of the crystals started to slowly move towards the centre of the room, as if they were being attracted by something. 
 Finally, when the three crystals touched a large white light formed in his mind, then when the bright light dimmed down all that was left were the greyish-silver gauntlets. They didn't look like anything special. In fact, it was hard to tell that they had even been made from beast cores in the first place, but Quinn didn't mind, all he cared for where the stat points. 
 When he opened his eyes and looked down, the gauntlets were there placed in his hand. 
 "Wow this is amazing, it really did just form itself and appear out of nowhere?" 
 [Inspect] 
 [Best standard Intermediate beast gauntlets] 
 [Strength + 6] 
 [Defense + 4] 
 [When using the skills Blood swipe and Blood spray attacks will be 5 percent stronger] 
 He then immediately went into the shop again, but this time something strange happened. He scrolled and scrolled and looked and looked, but the item he had just created was no longer there. 
 "If you are looking for the gauntlets they are already in your hands." The system said, sounding half confused. 
 "I know that." Quinn replied, "It's just, I thought I could make another one. If I bought three more intermediate crystals, then I could sell it online and make my money back." 
 "Unfortunately, each item in the system is a one-time item." The system answered. "Once you have created it once, the item may never be created again." 
 Suddenly, Quinn felt a little depressed. The reason he had spent his money so freely on the boots was because he hoped he would be able to make another pair of gauntlets and sell them online. 
 "Let me show you something cool." The system said. "Open up your dimensional portal using your shadow skill and place both of the boots and gauntlets in there." 
 "I'm not going to lose them, am I?" Quinn asked. 
 "Just trust me." 
 Quinn had already done a few tests with the dimensional portal so he was sure that he would be able to get the equipment back. He did as told and opened up a small shadow portal putting both of the items in. 
 [Weapons and Armour detected in Dimensional space] 
 [New skill shadow equip acquired] 
 "Shadow equip? what does it do?" Quinn asked. 
 "Just try it out and see." 
 [Shadow equip activated] 
 As soon as the skill was active, clouds of shadow surrounded his hands and feet, he could feel something forming on top of his hands and legs. Then when the shadow clouds disappeared, the equipment he had put in the portal, were now on him. 
 It was like an instant equip, with this Quinn didn't need to wear all his equipment beforehand. He could even hide high levels of equipment from the eyes of others and be ready for a fight anytime. 
 With the new equipment all set up and ready, Quinn was itching to test it out, and he knew the perfect place to test it. The VR Game. 
 Unknown to Quinn though, the last time he played, he had caused quite a stir. People claimed he was a hacked player. And one person in particular, had been checking the game every day for Quinn to login. 
 Logan was waiting for him, this time when he logged in, he was going to find out just who this Bloodevolver was. 
 ***** 
 We are currently Ranked number 1 Goals down below keep voting. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 
 Rank 1 till the end of the week = Webtoon! 

 
	 Chapter 104 Combination skills 
 It was getting late that day, and soon it would be night time. Tomorrow was the weekend, so once again, the students would be free to do what they want as long as they didn't leave the city for a couple of days. 
 With this, Quinn decided to head back to his dorm and call it a night. When he arrived at the halls of the dorm, he could see Peter sitting up against their room wall asleep. As Quinn walked past and entered the room, he took a glance at Peter, who looked to be bruised and beaten. 
 Not only that, but he seemed to have a couple of clumps of hair missing from his head. 
 'Is he still getting bullied, I wonder who ordered him to do it? Maybe Layla will know more." Quinn thought as he entered the room. 
 He still hadn't forgiven Peter, and truthfully he never thought he could. But still, he wanted to stop incidents like this from happening in the future. To do that, he needed to find out who was at the top giving out the orders. 
 When Quinn entered the room, Vorden was already inside on his bed relaxing. 
 "Hey," Quinn said, "Where have you been? I came back earlier, but no one was here." 
 "Oh, that," Vorden replied. "Actually, something has been really bugging me about the whole Peter situation. It's obvious someone asked him to do it, right? And they had already set up a fall guy to take the blame. But when I tried to find out what happened to that person today, not a single person knew. Everyone just kept saying the punishment was dealt with by Duke since he's a second year." 
 "Why don't you go to the first-year students he was hanging around with before, maybe they know something?" 
 "Yeah, I was planning to do that on the weekend, but we need to be careful. If my hunch is right, this would be involving someone at least at the sergeant level." 
 "Do you want me to come with you?" Quinn asked. 
 "No, I think its best if we investigate separately. Plus, if I get caught its harder for them to touch me, while for you, it's a different matter completely until we get level on your watch sorted." 
 "I know!" Quinn said as he snapped his fingers. "Why don't you ask Layla, apparently when we left they ran into those friends of Peters." 
 The face Vorden was currently making wasn't one of happiness, but it wasn't one of disgust either. It was as if he was trying to put on a smile, but his body was fighting against him. 
 "Quinn, you do know me and her don't get on right?" 
 "Well you know you're going to have to, we have the expedition next week. Use this as a chance to repair your friendship, I've already lost one friend, don't make me pick and chose between you two Vorden." 
 Vorden then grabbed the pillow by his side and threw it at Quinn's face. 
 "Alright man, I'll try." 
 The two of them then laid down in their bed to get some sleep. 
 'You're not actually going to try become friends with her, are you?' Raten asked, 'Just kill her and then he doesn't have to choose, we are his best friend, done, deal end off.' 
 'Go away and let me sleep.' 
 With Vorden investigating the situation, that meant Quinn would be free to Head to the VR room tomorrow, but before he shut his eyes to go sleep, he decided to have a look at the tutorial video he had unlocked when reaching level Ten. 
 Once again, the blonde man appeared, who looked like he was in some type of dojo. 
 "Congratulations on reaching level 10, now in this video no new skills will be learnt, but instead we will be creating our own. By now you should have also unlocked the skill blood spray and learnt the skill Hammer strike. Although Blood spray can be used on multiple targets, to do the most damage its best if you are actually touching your opponent. What's even better is if you combine the two skills together." 
 The blonde man then got into a fighting stance once again, he repeated all the steps of the Hammer strike as usual but right at the end when the force came out, he performed the blood spray attack. Rather than spreading out like it usually did, it was compact and came out together in a thick line. In the video, a loud sound could be heard. 
 "Whoops." The blonde man said, "Looks like I will have to make some repairs to the dojo. This move I call Hammer spray. Now be careful because this attack will not only use up your stamina but will drain you of your blood as well. Also, the Hammer spray takes slightly longer to prepare, so it may not be optimal in all situations. But the point is, if you activate blood spray with a punch in your fist, it will be several times stronger." 
 After watching and analysing the video carefully, Quinn finally shut his eyes to get some sleep. 
 The next day when they awoke, Quinn was greeted with his usual message. 
 [Avoid sunlight for eight hours 5 exp gained] 
 [10/100 exp] 
 Quinn was glad that after he evolved his exp points seemed to have reset. He hated to think how hard it would be to level up if his exp kept doubling up all the time. In fact, it seemed like an impossible task in the future. 
 As the two woke up, they started getting ready. That's when Quinn noticed something as Vorden changed out of his uniform. 
 "Hey Vorden, don't you use a beast weapon or anything?" Quinn asked. 
 When leaving the city just in case of an attack, people usually carried their weapons with them. Quinn was keeping his in the Dimensional void for the time being. 
 "Actually, most of the time, I prefer to use elemental abilities, which kind of just get in the way with weapons. Although you're right, I should probably pick one just in case I get an ability where it would be useful." 
 "Well, if you could, is there anything your best at or anything you would want?" 
 "Hmm, I guess I always thought Daggers were cool, but it might be a while before I can make my own beast weapon. My family don't like to send me money because they think I should earn everything myself." Vorden said, laughing. 
 Quinn had actually planned to create a new weapon for both Vorden and Layla. They had both helped him so much, and he wanted to return the favour. Layla had helped him learn so much about vampires while Vorden had even come in after him to the portal world. 
 There was also the worry that other Vampires or something else might come to attack them. If that was the case, they might go after those around him, so there was no harm in making them stronger. 
 As the two exited out of the room, they noticed that Peter was still up against the wall sitting there. 
 "You can go in the room and sleep there while we are out, just make sure when we come back in, your out of there," Vorden said. 
 The two continued to walk off until they had finally split ways. Quinn headed to the VR room while Vorden started to head outside the building. 
 "That was nice of you," Raten said. 
 "We can't become worse than what we are trying to get rid of," Vorden replied. 
 "Speaking of getting rid of people, here's your chance." 
 Standing just outside the gate was Erin and Layla. Both of them were no longer in the military uniform. They were dressed in their casual clothes for the weekend. Layla wore a stunning red dress while Erin was a bit more elegant. It was white in colour with flowers on the bottom, and on top of her head, she was wearing a large summer hat to block out the sun. 
 As soon as Layla spotted Vorden. She turned her head away. Nearly every interaction with him so far while Quinn was away wasn't a good one. But then she started to hear the sound of footsteps getting closer and closer. 
 'No, he couldn't be, is he walking over to us?' She thought. 
 'Come on Vorden, you're doing this for Quinn. You can do it,' He thought. 
 Now the two of them were within grabbing distance once again. 
 "I…I.." 
 For the first time, Vorden was stuttering in his life, but it wasn't because he was scared, it was because of Raten yelling all sorts of things in his head. 
 "I need your help." he blurted out. 
 The look on Layla's face was one she had never made before. 
 *** 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top Goal. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 105 Bloodevolver Returns 
 As Quinn headed down to the VR room, he was suddenly feeling exited. Now with his credits, he could spend as much time in the game as he wanted and practice the skills until he got tired of it. Eventually, though the best thing would be for Quinn to purchase a capsule of his own. That way, he could play the game in his room and connect to players not just within the military camps. 
 But just remembering the price of the thing made him shudder. 100,000 credits. To purchase the item, he would need ten advanced tier crystals or hundred intermediate tier crystals. To get that sort of money would take him years. 
 It was a shame Quinn thought that he couldn't use the system to reproduce the weapons again and again. If so, he would be able to have an unlimited supply of money. But it did make him wonder if there was any way he could exploit the system in some way. 
 Then the idea hit him, he already knew all the items needed to make the weapons. In fact, the gauntlets he was using now only required three beats crystals. As long as he gave the items and his original gauntlets as a reference, a blacksmith should be able to reverse engineer and create something similar. 
 'Let's see, three thousand coins for the materials, then two thousand for the blacksmith fee. That's five thousand coins in total, then if I sell it on the market place for eight thousand coins, that would be three thousand in profit.' 
 Quinn quickly realised the problem with his plan. The profit earned from selling the weapons would not be enough to cover the cost of making the weapons again. He would either himself need a large amount of capital in the first place or find an investor who was interested in the idea. 
 "I would be careful if I was you." The system said in a serious tone. Different from its usual self. "Do you remember when you searched for the items from the shop, how none of them appeared on the market place? Well, there's a reason for that." 
 "Which is?" 
 "These weapons and the blueprints that were used to create them, don't belong to humans." 
 Quinn didn't need to hear him say the name. He knew what the system was talking about. They belonged to the vampires. 
 "I'm afraid if you start mass-producing these items and start selling them to the public, they will start looking for you." 
 "So I guess that rules out that plan." 
 "I never said, you couldn't, I just said to be careful." 
 For now, perhaps Quinn would have to put his money making plan on hold. He still wasn't strong enough to deal with other humans, never mind vampires, and besides, he didn't have an investor or someone who could back him up anyway. 
 Finally, Quinn had arrived at the VR centre and went up to the counter. This time he deposited 100 credits into his account so he would have ten hours of playing time. He wasn't planning to play it at once, but this way he wouldn't be interrupted. 
 It was early in the morning, so there wasn't a lot of people around yet. Besides people didn't usually want to spend their weekends playing a game all day. 
 Quinn made sure he was in between his own capsule and another. 
 He looked around and then when no one was looking, opened up his dimensional void to pull out his boots and gauntlets. He placed them both in the scanner and when the process was finished, proceeded to put them away back in his dimensional void again. 
 [Welcome Bloodevolver] 
 After entering the pod, he was transported to the blank white space. The first thing Quinn tried to do was look at the ability list. He scrolled and scrolled, but it was as he thought. The game system had no such ability. 
 He tried to use his shadow abilities just as he had done his blood abilities. However, this time they did not work. 
 "Can the system not record mutant cells? Is that why the abilities have to be manually inputted?" Quinn didn't really know the answer to his own question and to be honest, not many people would, so there was no need for him to worry about it for now. 
 All he did know was his blood abilities worked in the game while his shadow abilities did not. But then there was also his new ability Daze that wasn't part of the shadow. 
 Before going into matchmaking, Quinn wanted to make sure he had a hang of the new tutorial he had been shown. 
 In the game, it didn't take up any of his health, and he could use his blood skills as many times as he wanted. He watched the video one more time as a reference before trying to perform the skill himself. On his first try, he was quite successful. 
 Unlike the other skills, there really wasn't much to learn, it was more a sense of timing, activating his Blood spray skill at the same time as his Hammer strike. 
 Quinn then started to just throw out a few regular punches while activating blood spray, only at the point where his arms would fully extend. 
 Sometimes he would activate it too early causing his arms to jerk back a little and sometimes he was successful. The most important thing was to get the hang of the timing, activating it at that right point. 
 After practising non-stop for around thirty minutes, his success rate of using blood spray with his punches was around 80 percent. With hammer strike, he could get it nearly 100 percent of the time, but like the system had said, it took longer to charge up the hammer strike when combining it with the blood spray. 
 "Time to test out these new skills." 
 [Searching for same level opponents] 
 The fact that Quinn was a level one still meant he was able to search for opponents at the same level as himself. To start off with he just wanted some easy picking to test out his skills, but the second he started to search, his player ID had gone online. 
 "Oh, I haven't seen him in a while," Nate said. "I thought he might have stopped playing the game." 
 Ever since Nate had fought against the Bloodevolver, he had gained an interest in the opponent, mainly because of the type of ability he had. 
 [Now spectating Bloodevolver] 
 But he wasn't the only one keeping an eye on him. So was Logan. The forum post had long since died down, but it still bugged Logan that there could be someone taking advantage of the game he helped create. 
 He had set up the system so it would ping him as soon as the Bloodevolver went online. Then he could spectate his games without having the need to be on his friend's list. 
 "Come on, let's see how you do it," Logan said as he waited for the Bloodevolver to find his next game. There was a part of him that was hoping the videos were fake, he needed to see it with his own eyes whether or not someone was able to break the system. 
 After searching for a minute or so, a suitable opponent was found. Each player's avatars had entered the game. 
 Equipped with his new boots and gauntlets, his stats were as high as they ever had been. 
 [Strength 16 (+6)] 
 [stamina 15] 
 [Agility 16 (+4)] 
 [Charm 5] 
 The countdown began, and the game had started. In an instant, Quinn rushed forward. With his new boots, he felt lighter and faster than ever. 
 "These things are amazing." 
 The first fight was simply a test of everything he could do. While running, he decided to activate the skill from the boots, increasing his speed even further for another thirty seconds. He would run from side to side, his opponent found it nearly impossible to keep up with him. 
 It was like looking at a fly, one second he could keep track of it, then suddenly it would change direction, and he would lose it. 
 The user then prepared the water held in his hand and started to form a long blade with it. After running around the room for thirty seconds, the boots had finally worn off, and now Quinn was heading straight for his opponent. 
 [Five minute cool down before wind run can be used again] 
 "He's really going to just run straight at me?" The user thought, and when Quinn was close enough, he swung his water blade across right at him. 
 "I probably won't die if that thing hits me, but time to try it out." 
 He looked at the user in the eye and for the first time, activated his new skill. 
 [Daze has been activated] 
 [Your opponent has been stunned] 
 Suddenly a fear had set into the water user's mind. A shiver was sent down his spine, and when he tried t move his hand, there was no response. 
 Quinn then threw out his fist and right when it landed on the user's stomach, he activated his blood spray at the same time. The user was sent flying through the air, and a trail of splattered blood followed, leaving from Quinn's gauntlets. 
 [Winner Bloodevolver] 
 It had only taken a single punch with Blood spray to finish his opponent off. 
 "Looks like all my vampire abilities work here, not just my blood skills, well that's good to know." 
 Logan had watched the whole thing. He couldn't believe it, it was true the user could use some type of red energy. It didn't look like any ability he knew off, but that wasn't the problem. Logan had even checked beforehand and confirmed that Quinn had selected no ability before entering the game. 
 He quickly started typing rapidly onto his keyboard and searched for any information he could pull. Most of the information was scrambled for the user's safety. He couldn't find out who was in the pod, but he could find out other information. 
 After typing away for a few minutes, he finally found the information he needed. 
 [User Bloodevolver login location: Military base 2] 
 "Oh, will you look at that, seems like we're quite close after all," Logan said, smiling at his computer screen. 
 **** 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top Goal. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 106 No Experience points! 
 Up in the stands, Nate found it hard to keep his mouth closed after what he had just seen. The last time to two of them fought each other, Nate had come out as the winner but now looking at the new Bloodevolver, he seemed so much stronger compared to before. 
 "But how? We only fought a couple of weeks ago, was he holding back, or did he really just get that much stronger in the short amount of time?" 
 The speed, the strength and even that weird red energy seemed stronger than before. Nate knew he also still had the flash step and the Hammer strike in his arsenal of skills. The more he watched this person, the more excited he started to get. 
 After Quinn won his first match, he had a feeling that something was missing, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. 
 "Ah, wait a minute, where is my exp?" 
 Before when defeating an opponent, the system would reward him half the amount of exp he would get for defeating a person on the outside, but this time there was nothing. 
 Just to make sure, Quinn quickly searched for another level one opponent. His opponent was found, and in this match, he wasted no time in dealing with the enemy. 
 He dashed forward and cast Daze stunning his opponent and at the moment used flash step to get behind them. Then finishing the opponent off with another standard Blood punch. 
 [Bloodevolver Victory] 
 Again though, there was no system message for exp. 
 "System, what's the meaning of this?" 
 "Seriously, do you only like speaking to me when you have a problem." The system replied. "Anyway, this was obvious, don't you think? You evolved, you're now a level 10, the experience needed was reset. In simple terms your opponent was too weak for you, so the system didn't reward you any exp." 
 Quinn cursed underneath his breath, every time he seemed to be getting somewhere and felt like he could really make progression, the system seemed to get in his way. 
 Quinn then used the search function again this time searching for level 2 ability users. He was quickly put in another match again. 
 This time when fighting, Quinn wanted to still finish the match fairly quickly but was a little more cautious. He threw out a barrage of blood swipes to distract the opponent. Then running behind his attacks, he would use Flash step to appear behind them just in case they were able to block the initial attack. 
 However, that wasn't needed, his blood swipe skill was now a level 2, and because his opponent had never seen such a thing before, he tried to hit it with his basic tier sword. As soon as the two had made an impact, his sword had shattered. The blood swipes hit his body and sent him to the ground. 
 He wasn't dead yet but badly hurt. Then it only took one more hit to finish him off. 
 [Bloodevolver Victory] 
 But still, there were no experience points. Frustrated by the situation, even more, Quinn went to quick search for his opponent. Hoping it would find him a random user of a higher level, that would at least give him some experience. 
 As he used his inspect skill on his new opponent, he was now going up against a level four user with an earth ability. He was wearing a full set of basic tier equipment head to toe. 
 Before the match had started, Quinn failed to notice the stands around him were getting filled. More people were starting to watch his games. 
 After the last two opponents he faced had two quick losses, they decided to inspect his next few games. The users were able to search for the previous opponent they played against and then inspect their matches. 
 They had also invited their friends saying they had met a person with a strange ability they had never seen before. Explaining how they lost in only a few seconds. Their friends had invited their friends, and now the stands were filled with around twenty different people inspecting Quinn's next match. 
 "It seems others are starting to notice you as well," Nate said as he heard them talking. 
 "Hey, so do you think this is that Hacker?��� 
 "Oh yeah, I remember seeing a forum post about it a few days ago on their website. A user who used red energy. I thought It was fake though." 
 "Well, we will just have to wait and see." 
 Quinn looking at his opponent, was wondering just how strong he might be. It was the first time he was fighting against a user who wore beast equipment over his whole body which meant he would have added stats from the equipment. 
 "Actually, there was another person." The system said, "But you kind of ate him." 
 Hearing those words from the system reminded him of when he was in the Bloodsucker mode, and suddenly he felt a little strange. 
 "Thanks for reminding me just before a fight." 
 "3…2…1.." The match had finally begun. 
 This time though Quinn wasn't going to charge in on the get-go. He moved forward until he was within the five-meter range of blood swipe and swung a single attack out as a tester. 
 The earth user then stomped his foot on the ground, and a solid wall of earth rose from the floor blocking the attack. However, the blood swipe was powerful and managed to chip away at the wall. Seeing this, the user stomped several times more adding to the first wall making it even thicker. 
 Eventually, the red lines disappeared, and the attack was stopped. 
 While Quinn was thinking how to make his next attack and how to make it go through. A hard earth spear had risen from behind and stabbed Quinn in the back, causing him to stumble to the floor. 
 [46/55 HP] 
 "Damn, that's what I get for staying still!" 
 But before Quinn could even fully recover several more spears had risen from the ground coming straight for him. He rolled and dodged the first few before getting back up on his feet. 
 This match was going to be harder than he initially thought. 
 **** 
 Priv tier is out, for the cost of one coin read two chapters ahead. 
 The story will still update two times a day and mass release as usual. 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top Goal. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 107 Blood Hammer 
 Unlike the other users Quinn fought with before this one. He was more skilled. It reminded him of Vorden a bit. Creative and skilful when using his abilities even though he wasn't the highest when it came to power level. 
 [Wind walk] 
 [Boots activated] 
 Using the boots skill, he was able to increase his speed and avoid all the spears coming towards him from the ground. 
 "Wow, he's quite fast, isn't he?" Someone from the crowd said. 
 "I think it's those boots, they look pretty plain, but they might be at the intermediate tier or even the advanced tier." 
 Although Quinn could finish the match by continually throwing out his blood swipe, he didn't want to win that way. Right now, this was an excellent experience for a battle in the real world, where he would have to be careful of losing his health. 
 "What an annoying little fly!" the earth user shouted. He then lifted both hands together to create two long walls that went past Quinn. 
 As he brought his hands together, the walls moved with it. 
 "Now you can only go in one direction." 
 With no other options, Quinn had no choice but to run straight ahead, but he had a plan. 
 "Skill Daze!" 
 [Daze Failed, user not stunned] 
 "Oh, crap." 
 Right now, Quinn's charm stat points were incredibly low, meaning it was unlikely for it to work against stronger opponents. The higher they were, the lower the chance it had of working. But so far it had worked every single time. 
 Part of this was due to Quinn's luck, but the other part was the fact that they were only Level one's and level twos he was facing before. 
 Just then the earth user created another wall Infront of him, then started to punch the wall several times. The parts of the wall came flying out at incredible speed. The attacks were to fast for Quinn to react in time. 
 The pieces of rock ended up hitting him one by one and sending him back. 
 [42/55 HP] 
 [38/55 HP] 
 [34/55 HP] 
 But Quinn gritted his teeth and managed to not fall over, as the next set of rocks came towards him, he flashed stepped Infront of them all, causing them to miss and go behind him. 
 "I guess even with his strange Red powers, he just can't beat a high level." 
 "Well, did you see the other guys strength? It must be because he's using a full set of beast gear. No way a normal Level four user could hit a solid wall like that and cause those rocks to go flying at that speed." 
 "Well, I guess it was all just hype in the end." 
 But one person thought differently. "Come on Bloodevolver, I could beat this guy in my sleep. I know you're better than this." Nate said. 
 "You know, your lack of experience when it comes to fighting ability users is really starting to show." The system said. 
 "Shut up, I know," Quinn said. "Screw this." 
 Quinn had, had enough, he started charging forward once again. The earth user created another wall in front of him and had done the same attack as last time, punching the wall, causing rocks to fly out. 
 "Let's see what's stronger." 
 Matching each rock, Quinn started to throw out a blood swipe for every rock thrown at him. Quinn's Blood swipe was clearly stronger, destroying the rocks and continuing to go forward. 
 Seeing this the Earth user had no choice, he jumped back and had put up rows and rows of walls between the two of them creating a barrier around 3 meters thick. 
 "Screw your wall!" Quinn then started to make the motion of the Hammer strike, bringing the energy up from his toes to the top of his body. 
 "That's it, that's the strike that was used against me!" Nate said excitedly. "But I don't think it's going to be enough, why not use some more of the red stuff to weaken the walls first. Or break the walls to your side, which are thin and get behind him." 
 Nate was worried, although it was clear the Bloodevolver was strong, it was also clear he was an amateur when it came to fighting. 
 "Take this, Blood Hammer!" Quinn screamed as he let out the hammer strike, and at just the right moment activated his Blood spray at the same time. 
 The 22 strength, with the additional 5 percent and now combining the hammer strike with Blood spray, created a powerful attack. 
 As his fist hit the wall, it instantly started to shatter and burst into pieces all over the arena. Fragments of the wall came flying out into the stadium. Some of the audience members dodged avoiding them, while others just stood there. 
 "Idiots, you do remember this is a game, right? The attacks from there can't hurt us." 
 The strike continued to blast through the wall. This was something the earth user had never expected. 
 "I'll just have to take the hit then," He said, but as the attack hit him, he instantly burst into blue particles ending the game. 
 [Victory Bloodevolver] 
 At that moment though Quinn had collapsed to the floor. Combining all of the attacks and using his skills from before had taken up all his stamina. Soon after though he was transported back to his own lobby space where his strength would be returned. 
 The whole crowd was silenced. They didn't know what to say or what they had just seen. During the entire match, the earth user hadn't been hit once. Even though he was wearing a full set of Beast gear, he still lost. This would have increased his defence as well as overall strength, yet it was useless in front of the single attack. 
 "Just who was that guy?" Someone said. 
 "I told you he was strange and did you see his weird Red ability?" 
 "Yeah, I've never seen anything like that, did you?" 
 "Hey, can one of you upload that, and put it on the forum. Maybe an original has managed to get their ability in the game somehow." 
 While the others were exited and chatting away, Nate's whole body was shaking. He had goosebumps and shivers running all over his body after seeing the last attack. 
 "That attack, it wasn't the same one he used against me. It looked the same but was different." 
 He knew that if he had taken that attack head-on like he did the Hammer strike last time, Half of his health wouldn't have gone down. It would have been the whole thing, and he would have been just as dead as the user in front of him. 
 "So you really did get stronger, well I will just have to get even stronger then." 
 Back inside the lobby all of his stat points had been returned, So Quinn was no longer on the floor gasping for air like he had just sprinted a whole Marathon. 
 "The Blood hammer strike skill took up a lot more stamina then I thought." 
 Although he had performed the Blood hammer skill several times in the lobby, while in the lobby the game did not take away any of his strength. Only during matches would his normal stats be used and it was the first time he had used Hammer strike in a game. 
 But a smile was suddenly on Quinn's face. 
 [User defeated 25 exp Gained] 
 [40/100 Exp points] 
 Finally, after defeating a level four ability user, the system had rewarded him for his hard work. Although Quinn wasn't physically tired the last match had taken a lot out of him mentally. It was hard to go into the match after the match when it was that intense. 
 It was fine when the matches only lasted a few seconds, but it was different when it was like that. So he decided for today he would take a break. 
 He exited from the pod and to his surprise, what looked like a little boy was standing in front of him. 
 "Hello, Bloodevolver." Logan said. "Looks like we finally meet." 
 **** 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top Goal. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = Webtoon for My vampire system 

 
	 Chapter 108 Logan an Android 
 The boy standing in front of Quinn was quite short. His height only reached to about Quinn's chest, and he had dark green coloured hair that had a middle parting going down both sides. But what was most noticeable about him was the enormous black bags he had under his eyes. 
 But hearing the words come out of Logan's mouth took a while for Quinn to process. He looked around to see if there was anyone else around the two of them. But the few users who were using pods were either still inside or several rows away. 
 "So how did you do it, huh?" Logan asked. He immediately walked past and shoved Quinn to the side and started inspecting the Pod he was just using. 
 He placed his hand on top of the machine and closed his eyes. 
 "Doesn't look like any modifications have been made to the pod. Then how?" Logan mumbled. 
 Then when looking at Quinn, he spotted that his watch had the number one displayed. 
 "What, that's impossible though, you used such powerful skills in the game, you should at least be a level five. I could have sworn you were an Original?" 
 In return, Quinn looked at his watch and saw the number eight on it. The highest level the watch was able to display. At that moment, just looking at the number struck fear into his heart, and he froze. 
 'Should I make a run for it? If I do, will he attack me right here and now. I had so much trouble with the level four in the game there's no way I can go against a level 8 right now. And he might be even higher than that.' Quinn thought. 
 Although the watches displayed up to a power level of 8, there were actually people considered stronger than that. The system was based only on the abilities the military could get a hold of. Meaning the highest power level, they were able to hand out was that of eight. 
 But even within their own ranks and between other originals some powers went beyond. So, by default, if a user mutant cells were beyond, it would display eight. 
 "You're not thinking of running, are you? Because I haven't finished questioning you. I need to know how, how did you manage to break my game!" Logan shouted as he started to go off into a rant. "I could understand if you hacked into the system but this, this, this. I just don't understand. I need to understand." Logan started getting closer to Quinn as he rambled like a mad man. 
 'Why do I seem to attract the strangest people.' Quinn thought. 
 "If you don't want to answer me here, then you can go with me to my dorm room. There's plenty of time, and nobody will be able to see us." As Logan touched Quinn's hand to pull him over something strange had happened. 
 [Ability detected] 
 [Alterations to the system are trying to be made] 
 [Alterations have been blocked] 
 But the strangest thing was, Quinn wasn't the only one who was seeing these messages, Logan was too. 
 He animatedly let go and touched his hand as if he had been scratched by something. 
 "You, are you a…." 
 This was it. Before Quinn could do anything, his cover had been blown. Maybe Layla and Vorden understood, but there was no way a stranger would understand. Would he have to fight to the death to keep his identity a secret? Or would he use his shadow cloak skill to hide and run away? 
 Maybe he could run to one of the portals and live his life on another planet. 
 "Are you a robot?!" Logan shouted. 
 "Huh?" Quinn replied, confused. 
 "You, you have a system, my ability confirmed it, for the first time as well I was rejected by a computer. You must be a robot with a powerful master an ability that goes above mine. Did Richard Eno create you? That would also explain the game. My system and the level 1 on your watch. A robot can't have any MC points, and those attacks must be programmed into your artificial brain!" 
 Looking at little Logan now, he just seemed like an excited little kid. He didn't seem threatening at all, but this did put Quinn in an awkward situation. Logan know knew he had some type of system and somehow, he confirmed it with his ability. 
 Was it better off telling him the truth, or coming up with some other type of lie? 
 Quinn thought hard, but he could come up with nothing that would explain why he could use certain abilities in the game without reviling everything. 
 He took a deep breath. 
 "I'm not a robot, but for some reason one day I woke up and had this system ability, maybe it was a gift from a god who knows, the skills you saw are some of the things I can do," Quinn replied. 
 "Is it an ability similar to mine then? I wonder who did this to you. Maybe they turned you into an Android. Android technology has come a long way, but the use of AI systems inserted into their brain was banned. They were afraid that an ability user may come along who could take control of them all and use it against the army. But this is the first time I have seen an android as powerful as yourself." 
 Quinn looked at Logan who now wouldn't stop staring at him. Then a thought came to his mind. He had been looking for someone who would be able to help him out with the watch. It was clear that Logan knew a lot about machinery and something like changing the number displayed on the watch would be easy for him. 
 "Can you can keep this a secret?" Quinn replied. "Maybe the two of us can work together, perhaps find who did this to me. There are a few things I need help with." 
 Logan was genuinely fascinated by this ability. He had never seen anything like it before, and the curiosity was already driving him mad. Maybe it was even an original who was able to pass on his ability like a computer system rather than training the person. 
 But then why did the watch not display his level. This was why Logan could only assume Quinn was a type of android that didn't have MC points and didn't even realise it himself. 
 "Of course, it would also give me the chance to study you." Logan then put out his hand. "The names Logan." 
 "Quinn." He replied as the two shook hands. 
 [Ability detected] 
 [Alterations to the system are trying to be made] 
 [Alterations have been blocked] 
 Logan then pulled his hand away again, almost immediately. 
 "That does not feel good, maybe we avoid touching each other for now?" 
 "Agreed." Quinn laughed nervously. 
 Just what was the system, and who created it? Quinn thought. The only person he could think of was the man in the video. Quinn seemed to recall the blonde man stating that his experiment was a success. Which would suggest that other Vampires like himself didn't have a system? 
 So then, why did he? And why did his parents have the book in the first place? 
 ***** 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top Goal. 
 20,000 Stones = 2 extra Chapters 
 22,000 Stones = 4 extra Chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 109 Logan the Tinker 
 Just outside the school at the front gates, the unexpected had just occurred. Layla was struggling to stand as she had just heard certain words come out of Vorden's mouth. 
 "First, I'm going to have to ask you to step back a bit." Layla said, "And no touchy touchy from you." 
 'I keep telling you lets just kill this bitch right here right now' Raten said. 
 "Look I'm trying to be reasonable here." Vorden said, "Come on, Quinn said that you could help me." 
 Every time she looked at Vorden, she remembered when she was being chocked by him. It wasn't a good feeling, and her senses were still tingling all over the place every time he approached. If it wasn't for the fact that Erin was standing by her side, she would have run the second she saw him coming over. 
 But she had to admit one thing. Vorden for whatever crazy reason he had, seemed to genuinely care for Quinn. 
 The two of them soon would also be going to the portal expedition together. It was important they tried there best to make up while they could. 
 She let out a big breath and gave in. 
 "Fine, what is it?" 
 "Actually, it's related to Peter. Quinn said that you two had spoken to him while we were away on the other planet, did you manage to get anything out of him?" 
 "No, I could tell that we wouldn't, it seemed like he was scared of something. Even with Erin there threatening him. Which meant whatever he was scared off was a bigger problem then Erin." Layla said. 
 "Well, I don't think we can get anything out of Peter right now, he's broken more than ever. Perhaps the only thing that's holding him on is this last bit of hope. I was hoping by outcasting him like this he would go back to the person who put him up to this." 
 "Wait, what!" Layla said, "You mean you're doing this whole thing on purpose. I understand he needs to be punished, but don't you think you're going a little too far." 
 "Too far?" Vorden replied. "You don't even know what really happened there. Were you nearly killed by a bloodsucking beast, abandoned in a world full of monsters everywhere?" 
 "Bloodsucking beasts? So did Quinn really..."Just then, Layla stopped her self as she turned to look at Erin by her side. She had gotten so heated in the conversation, she had forgotten all about her. But as the two looked at Erin, she was bent over looking at a trail of ants going across the floor. 
 It seemed like she was disinterested in the whole conversation to two were having. 
 "Anyway, If you can't get anything out of Peter, then try a first-year student named Earl. He was the one hanging around Peter before this whole thing started and it looked like to two were going to meet the day we met up with both of them." 
 "Earl, got it, thanks for the help," Vorden said. "Oh before I go, Erin, do you mind if I touch your hand." 
 Erin stood up from the ground and looked at Vorden for a few seconds. When they had first met, she had refused. She simply believed he was someone weak and below her. But she quickly came to realise that Vorden was one of the strongest people in her class. 
 "I hope you use it well," Erin said as she held out her hand. 
 With her ability copied, Vorden then turned away and walked off. 
 "He's a tough one!" Erin shouted, "Even with my threats, he didn't reveal anything." 
 "Don't worry," Vorden said, smiling back. "I know someone who taught me a few things." 
 Vorden continued to walk off back into school. 
 "Hey Raten, looks like I might have a job for you soon." 
 As Layla saw Vorden walk off, she still had one thought. 
 "Crazy boy." 
 ****** 
 Quinn and Logan were in a different part of the school building then Quinn was usually in. They were in the dorm room area but were in the floor directly above where Quinn would usually stay and sleep. 
 The fact that they were in the same dorm room building meant that the two of them were in the same year, despite the fact that Logan looked like a middle school student. 
 "Were here," Logan said. 
 As Quinn looked around, he noticed they were fewer doors and were further spaced apart. 
 "What is this place?" Quinn asked. 
 "It's the VIP dorms. If your family make a generous donation to the military before coming here, then you get access to one of these rooms." 
 As he opened the door, Quinn was amazed by the site in front of his eyes. The room was twice the size of the one he shared with three people, and there was only a single bed. 
 But that wasn't what amazed him. The whole room was filled with what Quinn could only call Junk. There wear piles of scrap metal everywhere and lying across the entire place were gadgets, little spaceships, controllers and all sorts. 
 There were two things that stood out in the room. One of them was a large human-sized tube that seemed to be hooked up to a computer and had large tube-like wires hanging from the top and right next to that was a VR pod. One of the ones that cost 100,000 credits to buy. 
 Logan's family was a rare case. Usually, when getting rich, it was to do with power. Those with strong abilities earnt money by hunting, or from protecting others. However, Logan's family were one of the very few who managed to amass its wealth by making the VR game and selling the equipment. 
 There were a few other families that were able to do the same, such as companies that built the spaceships and certain beast weapons. But a lot of them still worked under the umbrella of an original family. 
 Logan then went to sit into his mechanical chair, that instantly sprouted a load of arms and started to give him a massage. 
 "So what did you want help with?" Logan asked. 
 Quinn was in a strange situation. Layla and Vorden knew he was a vampire but didn't know about the system. While Logan knew about the system but didn't know he was a vampire. However, because of what Logan knew, it seemed more comfortable to explain the system side rather than the vampire side. 
 "I was wondering if you would be able to hack the watch for me, allow it to display a number of whatever I want?" 
 "I should be able to do that easily for you, but first you need to tell me why?" 
 Quinn hesitated for a little bit. He had only just met Logan. He seemed like a nice guy off initial impression, but every killer or crazy person out there showed a nice face to someone at some point. 
 "I think I know what you're thinking, you're worried that if the government find out about your ability there going to try to take you away and dissect you." Logan said, "Well, trust me, I won't be telling the government the military or anyone anything. I'll be honest with you Quinn, I don't care about you, I care about the person who was able to input a system into your mind. To find that person I need you to lead him to me, and before that happens, I'm not letting anyone take you away." 
 Logan's words sounded a little scary and harsh to Quinn, but at least they were honest. Unlike other people where he couldn't tell what they were thinking, Logan was being completely transparent. 
 "As you know, my system has a certain set of skills that allowed to use in the game. But the thing is I actually do have an ability." Quinn then lifted the shadow and started to move into a giant hand and used it to wave at Logan. 
 If it wasn't for the fact that Logan was sitting down, he would have fallen down from the shock. 
 "What is that, so you really are an original?" 
 "Not quite, it was an ability the system already had, but for some reason, as you can see," Quinn said, pointing at his watch. "It doesn't register on the watch." 
 A thousand thoughts started to race through Logan's mind of why it might be. He wasn't interested too much in the ability itself. That stuff didn't interest him, but he wanted to know the reason why. 
 "The watch is a simple fix, but if I do this for you, I was wondering if you could do me a favour," Logan said looking at the wired tube machine. 
 Quinn started to sweat, looking at the thing. If he wasn't going to be experimented on by the military, he felt like Logan would be doing it anyway. 
 "Don't look at me like that, the machine there is for the game. Will you let me put your shadow abilities in the game?" Logan asked. 
 ***** 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top Goal. 
 30,000 Stones = 6 extra chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = My vampire system Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 110 Upgrading the Shadow 
 Quinn decided to think long and hard about Logan's suggestion. For him to be able to use his ability. He needed to follow and use Vorden's plan. This way, others wouldn't go after him. But before even that he needed everyone to think his ability was just like everyone else. 
 But the problem was the shadow ability was linked to the vampires. Most likely, only vampires where able to learn this type of ability, and if that was to be added to the game, it would cause a big problem. 
 "I'm sorry." Quinn said, "This ability it's not mine, do you know what happened to me recently?" 
 "What happened to you?" Logan said puzzled. 
 Quinn went on to explain how recently he had gone to a red portal planet along with his friend Vorden. And while there he had discovered the ability book and learnt the skill only to have the book disappear. 
 "I see." Logan said, "I guess I have been in my room too much I didn't really focus on stuff going on outside. So because of your plan with your friend you need the ability on the watch." 
 Logan sat down, thinking for a while. The robotic hands had finished massaging him, and now behind him, coffee was being made from another machine. 
 "Well how about this, you still help me get the ability into the game but I won't make the ability public. If you want, you can come up here and play the game on a private server, and practice using your abilities in the game. You won't have anyone to fight against, but you can still use your abilities freely while no one is looking. I get to study you a bit more, and you get to practise, it's a win-win." 
 As soon as Logan finished talking, he turned around and started to take a sip of his coffee, letting out a sigh of relief. 
 "Ahh, the perfect temperature, so what do you think?" 
 There seemed to be no downside if Quinn was to agree. The only thing was he would feel a bit like a lab rat being looked at all the time, but this solved a few of his problems. Before going to the portal expedition, Quinn wanted to unlock the shadow void. That way if he was in a dangerous situation and in the sun, he would at least have a fighting chance to survive. 
 "I say go for it." The system said. "If you want to unlock the Shadow skill I told you about earlier, you will need to level up your current shadow abilities to gain skill points. Then you can unlock the Shadow void. This is perfect for you." 
 Although Quinn found the system annoying, it was clear that it was on his side trying its best to help out the user. 
 "Alright Logan, I'll do it." 
 Logan jumped out of his chair and had a smile on his face. 
 "Great, let's get to work." 
 Following Logan's instructions, Quinn did as asked and got into the strange large glass test tube. Once he was inside the glass lowered, and now he was trapped in a small space. At the same time, Logan rushed over to his computer and started typing away. 
 "Can you hear me all okay, Quinn?" 
 "Yeah, little nervous this is going to hurt." 
 "Relax you, big baby," Logan said. "Now, all I need you to do is slowly use your abilities while in the tube." 
 Quinn proceeded to use his abilities as instructed. He started off with the shadow control and started to move it around in the tube. Numbers on the computer screen were scrolling about like crazy, but as Quinn looked over, it seemed like Logan wasn't typing anything. 
 Right now, his eyes were closed and his hand was the only thing on the computer. 
 'Is it his ability?' Quinn thought. 
 There were some strange instances where Logan had mentioned a few things. He had touched the capsule Quinn was using and said it wasn't hacked, and then when the two of them touched hands, he also could see the system messages. And now there was this. 
 The tests continued with Quinn demonstrating his Shadow cloak skill, and also his Shadow equip skill. The only thing he didn't show while in the test tube was his dimensional space. 
 "And we're done," Logan said, rubbing his eyes. He then got out from his chair and started to walk over to his bed. 
 "All the data has been uploaded to that VR capsule by your side. If you want to practice, then go ahead, I'm going to take a nap. I'm beat." 
 After lying down on his bed, a few seconds later, he was fast asleep, smiling away. 
 "He's quite trusting to be able to sleep in a room while you're still here." The system said. "If only he knew what you really were, I wonder if he would feel so safe." 
 "Looks like you're starting to talk to me now, even when I don't ask you questions," Quinn replied. 
 After entering the VR capsule and entering the game, Quinn was transported to the white space. Just as Logan had said, there was no way for him to start a match as right now he was in some type of Beta version of the game. 
 When looking at the list of abilities, his shadow abilities had shown as one of the options. After selecting the shadow ability, Quinn immediately got to trying a few things. 
 He used his shadow skills as usual, and while in the game, his MC points didn't go down. What Quinn wanted to do was find out ways he could combine his blood skills along with his shadow control skill. 
 Over the next week, Quinn continued to come to Logan's room every day to practice using his shadow ability. Logan had long done as he promised and had hacked into the watch. Now all Quinn had to do was tap the watch fast three times to switch between Level one and Level 6. 
 This was all at Quinn's request because he planned to still keep it a secret just for a little while longer. 
 Then finally, after a week had passed, he had achieved what he had set out to do. His Shadow control skill was now level 2 and so was his Shadow equip skill. Now the Shadow Equip took only a second to fit his beast gear on. 
 As the system had said, every time he levelled up the shadow skill, Quinn had gained skill points. For each level up, he had obtained 10 skill points he could use on the shadow tab. 
 Right now, four of the shadow skills out of the ten had been unlocked. 
 [Shadow control Level 2] 
 [Shadow cloak Level 1] 
 [Dimensional void] 
 [Shadow equip Level 2] 
 Looking at the other skills, Quinn was tempted to unlock some of the others. Especially since one of the skills required 50 points to unlock called Shadow eater. But in the end, he decided to go with the system's suggestion and purchased the Shadow void skill for twenty points. 
 [Shadow void level 1 unlocked] 
 [Shadow void: The ability to create a space surrounded by shadows in a specific area. The space created will last a total of one hour. - 50MC points to cast the skill.] 
 "50 points, that's half of my MC." But there was no use complaining, in the end, it was a skill meant to help him use his Vampire abilities. While using his Vampire abilities, his MC points would slowly start to restore. Then he could switch back to Shadow abilities. 
 While in the VR game, Quinn tried to test out the new skill. However, when he tried using it, nothing had happened. 
 "Oh, I guess Logan needs to program any new skills into the game as well." 
 As he exited the capsule, he released it would be the last time he would see the thing in a while. Because tomorrow was finally the day. The day where the first years were to go out on their first portal outing. 
 **** 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top Goal. 
 30,000 Stones = 6 extra chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = My vampire system Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 111 Off to a new Plane 
 Finally, the day for the portal outing had arrived. All the first-year students had been told to gather up in the training hall. Which was located on the east side of the building. Usually, the training hall was restricted to military personal only, which didn't include students. 
 When Quinn entered the room, he noticed it straight away, because it was the same place he was in before he had been pushed by Peter. 
 Nearly all the portals in the room had been pushed to the side of the hall, and only a single green portal stood in the centre. 
 The entire of Del's class had arrived which numbered around 50 students altogether, and currently, they were in groups of five. They were required to stay in the same teams that they had registered for previously. 
 In the centre of each team was a large rucksack that had been handed to them. 
 These contained the necessary supplies and needs for every team. There were food pills that lasted up to a month. Water purifying pills and first aid supplies to go with it. 
 "Alright, boys and girls," Del said as he stood just Infront of the portal. "I have some important information for you before you head in the portal so listen up. When you enter the portal, the communication device on your wrist will no longer work. It is important when entering the portal you keep physical touch with the person next to you. Otherwise, you will be teleported to another location." 
 Quinn and Vorden both already knew this well. 
 "Also, you will randomly be teleported somewhere inside the Shelter. Do not be alarmed. The whole Shelter is safe and guarded by the military and other travellers. The expedition is to last a week, and the goal is to bring back as many beast crystals with you as possible. The team with the most beast crystals at the end of the week will get the highest score. The highest tier beast you will see in a green portal planet is an intermediate beast. But this is rare, if you come across one, please avoid confrontation and head to a different location." Del explained. 
 "Inside the Shelter, there is a military base with a storage room where they will keep track of the crystals you have obtained. I suggest you do this at a regular interval, so you do not lose all your crystals. Our class is the first to enter, and every hour another first-year class will be sent. I hope this class stays competitive as your teacher." 
 Del continued to explain about the portal outings. He went on to suggest to other students to not travel too far from the original Shelter they were based at. Although there were several shelters scattered around the planet. There was no one to guide them between each one. 
 And not every Shelter had a military base. 
 The test was also to begin as soon as the first team landed on the planet. It was up to them to decide how they should pace themselves while hunting. The whole aim was to allow the students to get to the point where they could be self-efficient. 
 But the last bit of information that came from Del's mouth was the worst news for Quinn. 
 "Please keep track of time and be well rested. This planets day cycle is 72 hours of sunlight before it gets dark for another 72 hours, so you will need to keep track of the time your selves, and that is everything I need to say." 
 At that moment, Vorden and Layla turned to look at Quinn, who stood there with his mouth wide open. 
 "Don't worry Quinn." Layla said, "I packed the umbrella." 
 "Pft, Umbrella," Vorden said, "I got something even better." Vorden then reached into the bag to pull out some sun cream. 
 "I think this might do the trick," Vorden said. 
 Layla immediately started to laugh as she pointed at the bottle. 
 "You idiot, that's not going to work." 
 "How can you be so sure!" Vorden snapped back. 
 "Guys, can you please all calm down people are staring," Quinn said. 
 And sure enough, everyone around them was looking at the two in a heated argument. 
 While Layla and Vorden continued to quietly argue away, Quinn was making sure everything was in the bag and Erin was playing around with her beast sword. The only one who wasn't, and hadn't said a word this whole time was Peter. 
 He had made sure to stay quite a distance away from the others. 
 One by one groups would be called up to enter the portal, but before Quinn group had been called, Quinn pulled Vorden to one side to ask him a few questions. 
 "Hey so, any news on who was behind the thing with Peter?" Quinn asked. 
 "Nothing," Vorden replied. 
 "What seriously?" 
 "Yup, And when I say I roughed up the kids pretty badly, I really mean it. The only thing I found out from them was you weren't the original target, it was me." Vorden explained. "Although I did manage to follow them, and it seemed like they were heading into the second year building an awful lot. I tried to get in to see where they were going but no luck there. Perhaps I ruffled up a little too many second years feathers." 
 "I see, well I guess maybe we should keep an eye on Peter for now." 
 "Hey, Quinn," Vorden whispered. "Do you really not think this will work?" Vorden then pulled out the sun cream he had brought with him. 
 "We already tried it, but thanks for looking out for me." 
 Just then, the number of their group had been called, and they were ready to head into the portal. As Erin went to pick up the rucksack from the floor, another hand had reached for it. As she looked up, she noticed it was Peter. 
 "Please, let me help." Peter said, "I don't want to be useless and drag the team down." 
 "Just let him do what he wants!" Vorden shouted. "The least he can do is carry our things." 
 Standing in a row, the group stood behind each other, one in front of the other. Each was holding onto the shoulders of the person in front. At the back was Peter, and Vorden at the front. 
 "Now remember, don't let go," Del instructed. "In seven days, you are to head to the military base and return through the portal back here." 
 One by one, they walked through, and an odd feeling came over their body. Then finally, Peter was the last one to enter. 
 All their senses were heightened as they went through the portal. Their minds felt like it was slightly spinning. Then after a few seconds, it was over. 
 When the group opened their eyes, they were surrounded by townsfolk chatter and all sorts. Rows of buildings and shops, market stalls selling food and weapons. They had successfully made it to the Shelter. 
 But one person wasn't happy about it at all. 
 [You are in contact with direct sunlight] 
 [Your stats will now decrease by 70 percent] 
 *** 
 We are rank 1 Keep voting for the top goal. 
 30,000 Stones = 6 extra chapters 
 Rank 1 end of week = My vampire system Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 112 Planet Caladi 
 The shelter they had just arrived at was just as big as the military base they had come from. It was a similar size to the old towns that human civilization used to have. The only difference was there were no tall skyscraper-like buildings and the biggest building in this shelter was a military one which was only three stories high. 
 The ground they stood on top of was hard and solid, a dry orange colour, with no sign of green life. It was hard t imagine anything being able to grow on these lands. It was clear that hot blistering sun had dried out the ground. 
 It was the first time most of the students had arrived at another planet, and even for Quinn, it was a significant difference compared to the shelter he was at before. The streets were full of people walking left and right, with the children by their side. 
 Stalls everywhere selling all kind of things, hot smoky meat with fresh fruit and veg. 
 "This looks even better than some places on earth!" Quinn said. "I wonder why more people don't move to the shelters more?" 
 "Freedom," Layla said. "If you look around you, most of the people here aren't Travellers or work for the military. Most likely, all of them were low levels who could no longer afford to live on earth. They were forced to move here. But I bet not many have ever left this shelter and gone outside. It means their whole life is this shelter." 
 With power, it meant you had more choices. A high level was able to choose which shelter they wanted to live at and even have a place back on earth. They could travel in between, and they weren't really restricted to anything. However, it wasn't the same for these people, they had to pick a place and never leave it. 
 The shelters themselves were created and funded by companies or the military. The shelter they were at right now was owned by the government. As such, everyone was required to pay a credit tax for protection and to live there. 
 Even travellers who would go out hunting, if they wanted to return back to earth would be required to pay a tax. 
 While other shelters were owned by companies and Factions. Most of them owned by something known as the big four families. They were the strongest known originals and usually their shelters were a bit higher class and imitated more of a city back on earth. 
 With this was the tier system. Each shelter was given a specific tier. Tier 1 being the highest and tier 5 being the lowest. The higher tiers earnt more money and were more protected compared to the lower tiers. 
 The shelter they were in now was a tier 4 shelter. 
 The higher tiers had the power to protect it from higher level beasts, so the tax cost more to live on one. 
 When the group of five landed, they noticed that there was a circle drawn on the ground where they were and the people walking around were doing there best to avoid it. 
 "Come on, we better move," Vorden said. 
 "Just…give..me..a" Quin said slowly, as he was already starting to sweat buckets. 
 "Ahh, Quinn! I'm sorry." Layla said as she rushed over and handed him the umbrella. 
 "What's wrong with him?" Erin asked. 
 "Oh, he just really can't deal with heat and hates the sun. He came from really far up north, I mean like really far." Layla explained babbling. 
 Erin looked Quinn up and down, who now had the umbrella propped up over his head. "You might be even more useless then Peter on this trip. How are you meant to fight with an umbrella in your hand?" 
 This was a major problem, although Quinn now had an ability and he could use it to fight instead of his vampire powers, he still had the weakness of the Vampire. The sun. 
 If he was to fight during the day unless he used his skill Shadow Void the sun would still affect him. But Shadow Void took up half of his MC points not leaving him much to fight with. 
 The other option was to use Shadow cloak, which when he tested back at the military base also was able to block out the sun. The problem with this was he was unable to use his shadow abilities to attack while using shadow cloak. It was just a stealth ability. He could use his Vampire powers, but that would defeat the whole point. 
 Because of these reasons, Quinn still had to hide the shadow ability for a little longer until he found a solution to the sun. 
 They did as Vorden said, and after a couple of minutes, another group of five students had landed in the same circle where they were. 
 "How did you know?" Quinn asked. 
 "Although the teleportation is random, it's not completely." Vorden said, "Think of it like a game with random respawn points. No one knows which point you will end up at, but they can tell where all the points are." 
 "Well, where should we go first?" Layla asked. 
 "Let's head to the Travellers hall. It's a place where they have information for travellers, you can also trade in your crystal cores for credits there or just trade in general." 
 They walked through the shelter and eventually reached a very large hanger like building. It was an open space with no entrance, so people were free to enter and go as they pleased. 
 Form side to side it was filled with counters that were stationed with workers. Just as Vorden had said. There were blacksmiths here who could forge equipment. Shops that sold little gadgets and things such as Beast bait. And even a quest bored. 
 The quest board was mostly filled with other Travellers looking to group up and complete a task together. Sometimes civilians asking for protection were on there as well, as they travelled from one shelter to another. 
 "Looks like we're not the only ones here," Erin said as she looked at the groups. 
 It was easy to spot the students as they were required to wear the military uniform. Although some of them had beast gear on, nearly no one had a full suit of beast gear with them since they were only first years. 
 "What are they doing?" Layla asked as she saw them go up to the quest board. 
 "It looks like they're asking for help," Vorden said. "Those from a rich family will just hire Travellers to do the hunting with them." 
 "But how is that fair?" Layla asked. 
 "Since when have they cared about fair?" Vorden replied. "You know those that have close ties with the military, or have already sold themselves will actually be helped by the military." 
 "Well, there's no point worrying about it." Quinn said, "All we can do is focus on us and do the best we can." 
 "Says the useless one," Erin added. 
 The group walked up to one of the stalls that sold all sorts of items that would help with capturing beasts or even killing them. Behind the counter was an old man with a digital monocle over one eye. 
 "How can I help you, young soldiers. I guess it's that time again when they send you all out to do your first hunt." 
 "We were wondering if you could provide us with a map with all the hunting areas?" Vorden asked. 
 "Sure I can, that will be a total of a 100 credits though." 
 "100?" Layla said. "Are you sure you're not trying to rip us off." 
 The old man started laughing. 
 "Well, that will be 150 now because of the young lady's rudeness." 
 Vorden brought out a single card that was gold in colour. Since the watches didn't work on other planets, each student was to bring their own Money card to be used. However, the others noticed the colour of Vorden's money card for it was very different from the rest of them. The different colours indicated how much money could be stored on each card. 
 *Beep 
 "Thank you for your business, the old man said." 
 "Of course, you're a rich boy," Layla said, looking at the gold card. 
 "I don't want to hear another word from you, I may have a gold card, but I only get sent 200 credits a month. You just made me use up most of my allowance!" 
 "Guy's calm down, I can cover you for the map Vorden so don't worry," Quinn said. 
 As Vorden heard those words, he smiled back. He thought Quinn was just being nice. There was no way he would have that type of money, after all, he only received ten credits a day from the school. 
 The group opened up the map which was on some type of digital paper. On it, the map indicated where they were and different areas around them which were colour coded. It went from green, orange and red. The closer the colour was too red, the more populated the area was with beasts. 
 But then something caught Quinn's eye, on the top of the map it had the name of what planet they were on. Caladi. When he fought against Nate a while ago in the VR game, he had asked Nate where his friend had obtained the strong flexible cape. 
 And the name of the planet they said was Caladi. That they had forged it out of a winged creature out in the desert. If this was true, then he might have just found the solution to his sun problem. 
 *** 
 We are rank 1 but only just, keep voting! 
 6 Chapters unlocked 
 Rank 1 end of week = My vampire system Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 113 You're Changing 
 As the group scanned the map for guidance, they noticed that all the areas closer to the shelter were more green while the areas that were a bit further away were redder. The one area which had the darkest red of them all was the harsh sandy desert. 
 "Is it possible for users to get a list of the beasts that are in that area?" Quinn asked. 
 "The man we met at the shop earlier might have one. You could probably go ask him. Let me know if you need any credits, I have a few left." Vorden replied. 
 While the group was discussing on where they should go, Quinn went back to the shop. As they guessed, there was a bestiary. It contained information on all the beasts in the local area. Quinn looked behind him to see the shop keeper talking to a group of other students. The group seemed to be doing what Quinn's group was doing earlier. 
 "Excuse me, how much will a map cost?" A student asked the shop keeper. 
 "A map will cost you 100 credits." 
 "Does that include those that are registered with the base?" 
 "Oh, hahaha, no, of course not. That will cost you just fifty credits." The shop keeper said with a slight laugh. 
 As Vorden told him before, certain students had already decided that once their two years of service finished, they would then join the military. For the students that choose that, they would get special privileges compared to other students while out on missions. And that was especially true when they were in a shelter belonging to them. 
 Annoyed by the fact their group was being mistreated. Quinn decided to pick up the book which was sealed by a lock so that others couldn't open it and read it unless they paid for it. Quinn, however, had a suspicion that the lock would become irrelevant. 
 [Inspect] 
 [A book containing information on beasts belonging to the planet Caladi] 
 [Teethworm basic tier beast] 
 [Wingedlizard basic tier beast] 
 [Burningsnake intermediate tier beast] 
 [Please select one to find out more information] 
 It was a success. 
 'That's what you get for trying to cheat us.' 
 As he looked at the list of names, Quinn was deciding which one of the three was the beast that Nate had talked about. Out of the three of them, only one had matched the description. It was the winged lizard. 
 [Winged lizard: Although this beast contains wings, it cannot fly. The wings are often used to spread above its head to intimidate other beasts from attacking. They are also the hardest part of the beast's body. The weak point of the beast is its underbelly. It can be found in the deepest parts of the desert] 
 The description seemed to match the material of Sam's cape, but if Quinn wanted to make a full set of clothing from it, he would definitely need a large amount of beasts cores. 
 While he was there, he decided he might as well look at the other beasts. There was always the chance to encounter them, and if they did, it would be handy to know their strengths and weaknesses. 
 "Hey you, if you're not buying anything then get out of here." 
 "I was just looking," Quinn said. 
 The old man then walked over and snatched the book out of Quinn's hand. 
 "I said, get out now! Or else." 
 Quinn stared at the man dead in the eye. 
 "People like you deserve to be eaten," Quinn said out loud. 
 "What did you say!" The old man then lifted his hand. "I guess no one taught you to respect your elders." He swung his hand, aiming right towards Quinn's face to give him a big slap. 
 [Skill activated Daze] 
 [User has been stunned] 
 Suddenly as the old man's hand was mid-motion, it was suddenly frozen in place. A second passed, and a shiver was sent down the man's spine. 
 "You're lucky that people are around," Quinn said as he walked away. 
 Quinn's blood was boiling, it was people like him that allowed this society to work in the first place. They just watched and let it happen and although the shop keeper was weak himself. He still chose to treat the weak differently compared to the strong rather than help others like him. 
 'Quinn, your starting to change.' The system thought. 
 When Quinn arrived back at the group, it looked like they had already decided where they would head off to. 
 "Did you get the book?" Vorden asked. 
 "No, it was too expensive," Quinn replied. 
 The group had decided that for the first day they would head to one of the green areas nearby. They were unsure of how powerful the beasts were or what they were like. After defeating a few basic tier beast, they would make their way into the red zone. 
 Although Quinn was eager to go into the red zone to get his crystals, he was happy with the decision, they had made. It was better to be cautious, they only had one life after all, and for the first two days, he would be at his weakest. 
 One day of sunlight had already passed before they had come here, so there was only two more to go. 
 As the group made their way towards their destination, Quinn and Vorden were in the lead and were talking about different things. 
 "You know, while you were in that shop, Peter kept saying some weird things," Vorden said. 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn responded, confused. 
 "Well, the truth is, Erin wanted to head straight to the red zone. She was confident that even if we came across an intermediate beast with the five of us, we should be able to take one down. But that's when Peter started to shiver. He was adamant about staying close to the shelter." 
 "Do you think they might plan to do something on this trip?" Quinn asked. 
 "I doubt it, unlike the red portal places, there are too many people here. Unless we went completely off the map, there would be no way they would dare to try anything. But the important thing is that Peter believes that they will." 
 The group had finally reached the exit where several guards where stood just inside of the wall. The whole shelter was surrounded by Galthreium. So the place was impenetrable to the beasts on this planets attack. 
 And even then stood up on the wall there were two mechs stood side by side. After declaring they wished to go outside the gates were opened and the group was free to travel. 
 The area they chose to go to on the map was a small little oasis. There was a hill of sand, and just over it was a pool of water and the first bit of greenery and plant life they had seen. Sure enough, though they weren't the only group that was here and it looked like the other groups were already engaged in combat. 
 The area was filled with beasts known as Teethworms. They would travel under sand but were easy to spot, as a big lump of moving sand was coming towards you. When they were close enough, they would pop out from the sand and open their circular mouth, displaying thousands of small razor-sharp teeth inside. 
 The worms were about the same size as an average dog but were tricky to deal with for some, as the only time they would emerge from the sand was when they would attack. 
 Peter and Quinn stayed in the middle while they allowed for the others to attack the worms. Vorden and Erin found it the easiest to deal with the worms. There was no need for her to even use her sword, as the worms jumped in the air, she would throw an ice spike through its mouth, and Vorden would do the same. 
 Layla, on the other hand, found it a little more difficult. When they jumped from the sand, the attack was fast, and they would soon be inside the sand again. Even when using her telekinesis ability, her arrow was too slow, the arrow would hit the sand before even hitting the beast. 
 The only way she could overcome this was to not use here ability at all, and just fire at the worms with no fear. Still, it would take a couple of arrow shots for her before the worms were dead. 
 As Quinn saw the group killing basic beasts left and right, he felt a little sad. Not because he couldn't join in. He was happy that others were fighting but the fact that all of these kills could have been precious exp for him. 
 As he had this thought, a familiar voice sounded in his head. 
 "You know, if you blooded one of them, you would be able to gain exp of all their kills." The system said. 
 "What seriously!" 
 "Yeah, as a vampire you are the one who blooded them, which means they would become a part of your family." 
 Quinn thought about it seriously for a while. Although Vorden had already declined, there was still Layla. She had already asked him to turn her into a vampire and know he really could. The only thing that was holding him back was that she was a kind of second blood bank to him. 
 But now Quinn could also rely on Vorden for that. Perhaps it was something he seriously needed to consider. 
 **** 
 delay upload due to webnovel bug 
 6 Chapter mass release 0.00 china time. 
 We are rank 1 but only just, keep voting! 
 Rank 1 end of week = My vampire system Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 114 Weakest link 
 While thinking about whether or not to Blood Layla, Quinn decided he would leave it to her and would ask her later. At a time when the sun wasn't out. If she became a vampire or something similar, she would have the same weakness as Quinn right now, and that wouldn't be good for the situation they were in. 
 Not all beasts were hostile, but the Teethworms were definitely that. The slightest vibrations would cause them to react, thinking food was nearby, springing upon its prey and attacking them. Although there were quite a few in number, they didn't have the hindsight to attack together. 
 Unlike like the Rattaclaws which were more difficult to deal with. The level of beast didn't generally mean how strong it was but how strong of a crystal was produced inside its body. There were some basic tiers stronger than others, and this was the same as you went up a tier. 
 Although it was unlikely a basic tier at any strength could match the weakest of an intermediate tier. 
 While the group was busy fighting away on the outside, one of the worms managed to wiggle past there formation and was heading straight for Quinn. 
 "Damn it! That one went right past me." Layla said as she turned around and saw who the worm's new target was. 
 "Quinn!" She shouted, but the worm was too fast. 
 It had already locked on and jumped from the sand with its teeth wide open. 
 "It's okay," Quinn replied. As soon as the worm had reached the shade of the umbrella, Quinn grabbed the worm mid-air by the end of its tail. It continued to wiggle around stretching its body trying to bite at whatever it was in front of it. 
 "So ugly," Quinn said as he squeezed it tightly with his bare hands. The centre of its body was strung like a towel as black blood fell to the floor. 
 [Basic beast killed] 
 As long as Quinn stayed underneath the shade of his umbrella, he was at full strength no matter what came after him. For something as simple as a weak basic tier beast like a Teethworm, he could deal with it just using one hand. 
 [10 exp earned] 
 [First Teeth worm killed 100 bonus exp gained] 
 [You are now level 11] 
 [70/200 exp] 
 [Strength 16] 
 [Stamina 15] 
 [Agility 16] 
 [Charm 5] 
 [You have received two stat points] 
 As expected, just like how the system no longer gave him experience points for fighting low levels in the game. It was now the same for basic tier beasts. Before Quinn would be awarded a 100 exp per kill now, it was only ten percent. 
 However, there was some good news. It was the first time he had levelled up since becoming a full vampire, and he was now receiving two stat points instead of one. He wasn't sure if this was the case if he levelled up again, but it wouldn't make sense if it wasn't. 
 [Stamina 16] 
 [Charm 6] 
 For now, Quinn decided to put one stat point into his stamina, as he did, he felt a little energised. Then for the next one, he put it into his charm stat. 
 Although half a second didn't sound like a long time. Quinn realised when using it in the game how useful it actually was in a fight. The second reason was because he wasn't sure if there was any way he could increase his charm points other than through the free stats. 
 Drinking different blood types increased his strength, stamina and agility, but he was unsure if it would increase his Charm points. When asking the AI system about this, he said it had been a while and forgot. 
 The group had taken out a total of 9 Teethworms together, and slowly the number of Teethworms that were coming towards them started to lessen. 
 Allowing Erin and Vorden to relax a little. Nearby, a mound was seen right next to where Peter was standing. 
 "Was this here before?" Peter said, staring at the thing. The next thing he knew out from the mound of sand another Teethworm came jumping out. All panicked Peter fell to the floor, and completely forgot about the earth staff he held on his back. 
 But before the earthworm could reach him, a spear of ice came rushing from the side and killed it in one shot. 
 "I knew I would be carrying most of this team, but I didn't know I would be protecting it as well," Erin said. "You should at least be able to deal with this type of thing yourself." 
 "Thank you," Peter said. "And I'm sorry, I'm just a bit nervous about the whole thing." 
 Peter wasn't a horrible fighter. He had training from Vorden when the two of them were still friends and learnt all the basics. If it was a one on one fight with an easy basic tier beast like the worm, then he should have dealt with it fine. 
 But his mind was just far too preoccupied with other things. Even while the others were hunting, he would constantly look around them. 
 Right by the oasis another group had witnessed the whole thing and couldn't help but laugh at Peter's reaction. They were a group of five from a different class. The leader of the group was named Ben, and he wielded a large club on his back. 
 After having a good laugh at the weak Peter, they continued to watch the group and noticed how easily Vorden and Erin were dealing with the creatures. 
 "Look at that, they're killing so many of the things." One of them said. 
 "Yeah and there leaving none for us. If we had an ability as useful as that on the team, we could do the same as well." Ben said. 
 "Boss watch out!" one of them shouted as a Teethworm jumped from the side. 
 He reached out for the club on his back and was ready to slam the thing to pieces. Instead, an ice spear came out from the side and accurately stabbed it through its body and into the sand. It wriggled about for a few moments before stopping completely. 
 "You don't mind if I take that one's beast crystal, do you?" Erin said, walking over. 
 "Sure go ahead," Ben replied with a fake smile. 
 While students where busy fighting multiple beasts, it was nearly impossible to obtain the crystals while fighting. It was best for them to fight first until the beasts stopped attacking. Only then would they receive the crystals. 
 This caused an unwritten rule to be made. If you killed the beast, then the beast crystal was rightfully yours. 
 The Teethworms were no longer jumping out and attacking, and now they had time to collect the beast crystals. 
 "How much did we get?" Ben asked. 
 "A total of four boss." 
 "Seriously?" As Ben looked over, he noticed that the other group must have obtained over ten, more than double their hall. Then he noticed something else as well. 
 The boy at the back of the Group, Peter didn't seem to gel as well with the others. In fact, it was almost as if they were treating him as an outcast. They weren't talking to him and would hand him crystals to put in the bag every now and again. 
 "You're only as strong as your weakest link," Ben said with a smile. 
 **** 
 Busy moving apartment today so the mass release has been moved to tomorrow 00:00 China time. 
 Rank 1 Goal - My Vampire system Webtoon 
 Keep voting 

 
	 Chapter 115 Red zone 
 After a successful haul of 15 crystals plus the one that Quinn had obtained. They decided to head back to the Shelter. But instead of telling others of the beast, he had killed. Quinn decided to keep the crystal for himself in the system. 
 All crystals that were handed into the military base would be counted toward their points. However, the military would keep ten percent of whatever they gave in to be counted. So instead Quinn decided to keep the crystal inside his system, where it couldn't be found and sold later. 
 Just as Del had said to them. The sun was still burning brightly, and it didn't look like it would set any time soon, but they knew they had been out for at least 6 hours. Travelling to the location and getting ready beforehand, it all took a long time and was quite draining. 
 They then headed straight for the military base, which was located at the centre of the Shelter. This was square like building that had several different departments, but for the next week, just in front of the building was a small stand for students. 
 At the stand was a single adult soldier and behind him a large digital screen. They handed the man the crystals they had collected, and after counting them, he took two of the crystals and retuned the rest back. 
 The digital screen behind him then was suddenly updated. The name Layla could be seen, and the number 15 was displayed next to it. Out of all the numbers on the screen, Layla's name was placed in the middle. 
 Towards the top of the screen where higher numbers and towards the bottom were lower. Some groups hadn't handed in any crystals yet and had a score of 0. 
 "Hey, do you see that? Layla said, pointing at the screen. Towards the top, a single group had managed to obtain 30 crystals. Almost double the number of crystals their group had. 
 Although Erin and Vorden were considered strong, that was only true for their class. This didn't mean they were the strongest out of the first years, there were still several other first-year classes. 
 While looking at the board, Quinn also spotted Logan's name who was second on the leader board with 24 points. He hadn't spotted him since this expedition but knew he would be here since he was a first-year student. 
 "I guess that's what a power level 8 can do, he must have some pretty strong teammates with him as well." Quinn thought. 
 After finishing up, it was time for them to rest and sleep for the night. The solider behind the counter instructed the group where to go next. They did as he ordered and were led to a building near the edge of the Shelter. 
 It was a two-story accommodation block that was used just for students during their outing missions. A room had been given to each team. 
 There were also several blocks nearby for other students, and it didn't seem like there were any residents nearby. 
 When they entered, they were surprised to see how large the space was inside. It was a lot nicer compared to their rooms at the military school. They each had their own individual rooms, there was also a cooking area and a living room. 
 The cost of living was cheap on shelters, so they were able to provide bigger spaces for the students. Before they were to head off to sleep for the night or day, they decided that they should have a group meeting on the kitchen table. 
 The five of them were sat down, and Erin was the first to speak. 
 "I would like to make a suggestion." She said. "As you all know, my goal is to come out as one of the top teams during this assessment. Right now, we're just above average, and I can't accept that. That's why I think tomorrow we should head into the red zone." 
 Peter looked like he was about to say something. Contest against the group, but using her eyes alone, she had shut down Peter, not allowing him to say a word. 
 "I think we're strong enough," Vorden added. "But the problem are these two." 
 The two people Vorden was talking about was, of course, Peter and Quinn. To be honest, Quinn wanted to go to the red zone too. Most likely the Wingedlizard lived there, but he had planned to go there when the day cycle had changed too night. 
 He could use his shadow abilities but would prefer to use it when nobody was around for now. There was still no way that Quinn could trust Peter to keep a secret if he knew and then there was Erin,, who he didn't really know much about in the first place. 
 There was also the fact that he didn't know how many beast crystals he needed. If he had obtained them as a group, he would have to equally share them with the group as well. 
 "I thought of that too." Erin said." As you can see on the map, there is a safe zone just outside of the red area. Most likely it's a territory where two different beasts clash, so they don't cross each other's path. The two can wait there while we go inside and attack." 
 After hearing Erin's suggestion, Quinn didn't think it was too bad. If they were to leave him and Peter alone then perhaps Quinn could sneak off at some point to hunt the Wingedlizards on his own. 
 "Well, since the two of them haven't rejected the idea, it looks like we have a plan," Erin said. 
 The group then went to rest for the night. They slept well as it was a tough night for them all, and for the first time, they didn't feel cramped and had space all to themselves. 
 When they woke up, it was time for the group to head off once again. They exited the Shelter, and their destination was the RedZone. 
 What the group didn't know was another group was following them closely behind. 
 "We just need to wait for the right moment." Said Ben. 
 ***** 
 Busy moving Apartment today, Mass release has been moved to tomorrow 00:00 China time. 
 Keep voting for Rank 1 = Webtoon 

 
	 Chapter 116 From the big four 
 The travel to red zone took longer than to the green zone on their map. It was located quite a while away from the Shelter, but the area it covered itself was fairly large as well. It would take 2 hours to travel and 2 hours to go back. 
 With breaks, it meant they roughly had around 6 hours of time to gain crystals. After all, their abilities weren't unlimited. Eventually, the body would use up the MC cells they had, and they needed a period for them to recover back. 
 When leaving in the morning, it looked like their group wasn't the only one heading for the Red zone. There was a total of four other groups altogether. 
 "That's our competition," Erin said, looking towards one of the groups who walked in front. 
 "Which one?" Layla asked. 
 "You see the boy at the front with the Red hair, it's the trait of the Redshield family. All Originals who learn their magic acquire the ability of fire." 
 "You mean he's from one of the big four. I didn't realise there was someone in our school like that." Layla replied. 
 "Although he isn't anyone special from the family, he is still from one of the big four and the numbers on yesterday's scoreboard proved it." 
 "The ability of fire, huh?" Vorden looked at the red-haired student for some time trying to think up of an idea. 
 But the one that interested Quinn wasn't the fire user. Instead, it was Logan who was also apart of one of the groups heading to the red zone. 
 While the rest of Logan's teammates were walking through the sand. Logan was sitting on top of a strange contraption. 
 It seemed like a moving chair. A personal device that he had built for himself. The legs moved like that off a Dog, while the top half was just a normal chair. Inside the chair, he was sitting with his eyes closed, sleeping peacefully. 
 'I wonder what his ability really is?' Quinn thought. It had to be impressive to be able to get the second-highest score. Throughout the whole time to two of them were together, Quinn still hadn't figured it out. 
 And for some reason, Quinn felt like it was Rude to ask. Most high levels would keep their abilities secret. If two people were to get in a fight knowing their ability beforehand was a huge advantage. 
 While the rest of the groups continued to move forward though, Erin's group had decided to change direction slightly heading off to the left. 
 "I can't believe we're wasting time, dropping these two off here!" Erin shouted. 
 "You don't need to babysit us," Quinn replied. "If you care that much about getting ahead of the others rather than protecting our weak asses, then go ahead and leave." 
 After Quinn's words, Erin did just that and decided to head off back to where the Red zone was located. 
 "Are you sure you're going to be okay?" Vorden asked. 
 "Don't worry about it, if trouble comes our way, I have a trick up my sleeve to fight them off," Quinn replied. "You see that building up ahead, it looks like an abandoned well of some sought. We will wait for you in there, and come get us on the way back." 
 Before leaving, out of Peter's large rucksack, they handed Layla a few food pills and bottles of water that was placed in Layla's small bag. It would be just enough for them while they were away out hunting and if they needed some more, one of them could always come back and get some from Peter. 
 "Boss, it looks like the group have split into two, maybe the strong ones are heading to the Red zone. Who should we follow?" One of the men said to Ben. 
 "We stick to the plan." Ben said, "Our group won't be able to compete with all those bigshots at the Red zone. It was never our intention anyway. I managed to do some research on their group yesterday. It turns out that their group had two Level 5 powers users and wait for it… Two-level ones if you can believe it." 
 "Seriously? They must be like the only Level ones in their whole class. 
 "Well, now it makes sense why they have split off from the group. They would probably get in the way if they were to fight. If we take their crystals they got yesterday, then we will climb up from the bottom of the leader board. We should be able to finish off at a decent position for the test." 
 **** 
 Back at the red zone, Vorden and the others had finally arrived. Most of the groups had spread out from each other, making sure that they didn't get in the way of each other's hunting process. 
 The red zone was filled with Wingedlizards. But the area was also slightly different compared to the rest of the sandy desert they had encountered so far. The area was filled with several large rocks that contained large holes on the inside. 
 The holes were where most of the lizards would stay. But there were a few resting on top of the rocks as well. They were quite large in size and were about double the size of the Teetheworms from earlier. 
 Before hunting one of the beasts the group stayed and watched patiently for one of the other groups to attack first. A single person would walk up to the group of lizards and send out an attack catching the attention of a single beast. 
 Then the person would lead the lizard to the group, and they would all attack it at once. They were being cautious not to attract the attention of all the lizards after all. While attacking the lizard, it seemed to be a much more difficult foe compared to the Teethworm. 
 The lizard would constantly block attacks from the beast weapons and certain abilities using the wings attached to its arms. Eventually, they would manage to defeat it. 
 But while the other groups struggled, one was finding it easy. And that was the one with the flame user named Berg. 
 Berg's flames were stronger than the beast wings, and it didn't matter what it did, it would be set aflame, and sooner or later the beast would die. 
 Watching this Vorden had an even bigger smile on his face. "Now only if there was some other flame user in our group." 
 *** 
 Mass release 4 chapters will be released for the next 2 days to make the 6 extra chapters. 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 117 A New Fire user 
 After watching the other groups deal with the Wingedlizards. Vorden and his group decided to implement a similar strategy. Layla would be the first to approach one of the rocks and then fire out an arrow hitting the foot of one of the lizards. 
 After using her ability, she was able to take the arrow back out and swirl it around the beast's head like an annoying fly. The lizard followed the arrow easily, and now it was Vorden and Erin's turn to deal with the beast. 
 A trail of ice started to form across the floor, eventually trapping the lizard's four legs. Now that its movements were restricted it was Vorden's turn. He created ice spikes in his hand and continued to throw them at the lizard. But even with its feet tied, its arms were still free to move. 
 It blocked each one of its attacks lifting its wings and shelling up like a turtle. 
 'You idiot!' Raten said. 'You know from watching the others that it won't work.' 
 "Either shut up or help!" Vorden shouted as he continued to throw the Ice spikes. Eventually, Vorden knew the beast would get tired, and it wasn't as if his attacks were doing no damage at all. 
 But proceeding this way would take far too long. Before he knew it, he could see Erin up in the air with her long sword held in her hand. As she fell to the ground, she sliced downward at the beast's wing. 
 A large gash was made, and black blood started to pour out. A few seconds later though the wound that was created started to freeze. Slowly the ice began to grow until it completely froze the beast's left wing. 
 Now with one wing frozen in place, Vorden was finally able to throw an ice spear directly into its body killing it. 
 "Did we finally do it!" Layla said, looking at the thing. 
 She quickly extracted the crystal and placed it inside her small bag for now. 
 "This is a problem," Erin said. "It is taking us far too long to kill a single one of them. Even if there are many, it takes three of us just to kill one. We would be better of searching for another group of Teethworms at this point." 
 Then they heard cheering coming from their left side. The group with Berg in charge had just finished burning five of them to a crisp at once. 
 The look on Erin's face was currently one with disgust. 
 "Come on, let's just go into one of the other areas and find a bunch of Teethworms to deal with." 
 "Hold on!" Vorden shouted, "I have a plan." 
 Berg and his group had just finished killed there eighth lizards and were currently resting for a bit. He needed some time to recover his MC points before he could use his abilities again. 
 "I still have a long way to go," Berg said, looking at his hand. Although his flame powers were strong and he was considered one of the strongest in school. He couldn't say the same about his family. They would have been able to go on for a lot longer and create more powerful flames. 
 Every original family was different when it came to teaching their members about their powers. They had their own methods, and for the Redsheilds, it was all about discovery. After teaching them the basics, they had to learn about the ability themselves and get stronger. 
 "Hey, Berg watch out!" A voice from the side said. As he looked up, he noticed a human body was flying his way, and before he knew it, they had crashed into him. 
 The two of them tumbled into the sand, and eventually stopped. 
 "That bitch, how could she do that to her own teammate," Vorden said as he lifted himself off the ground. "I'm sorry about that, do you need a hand." Just then Vorden reached out his hand and lifted Berg. 
 "Hey what do you guys think you're doing!" Another person said as he came running over. "You just barged into our leader." 
 "Enough Lippy," said Berg. "I'm sure it was an accident." 
 Lippy, who was also a part of Berg's team, was surprised by his actions. If a person usually did something like this, he would have burnt them by now. But the reason was simple. When Berg looked at Vorden watch, it currently displayed the power Level of 8 on it. 
 Not knowing what Vorden's powers were, and the possibility there was someone of equal strength to himself, he didn't want to get into a fight. 
 "We're sorry!" Layla said as she came running over with Erin behind. "Our idiot teammate was being annoying, and I just needed to throw him somewhere." 
 "Don't worry about it," Berg said. "Accidents happen." 
 After apologising, the three of them decided to leave the group be and go hunting once again. Vorden now having the flame abilities was ready to burn some lizards 
 "Why did you let them go off like that?" Lippy asked. 
 "That person, he was a level eight user, let's keep an eye on them for a little bit," Berg said. 
 Nearly everyone already knew of Berg's abilities due to him coming from one of the big four families. However, the same couldn't be said for the other high-level users or Originals. Keeping an eye on Vorden was Keeping an eye on the competition. 
 Berg had seen the group just go behind one of the stones, although he wasn't paying much attention to them before, he was sure that their group was hunting on the same side of the rock like them. 
 'Why did they choose to move?' He thought. 
 The curiosity got the better of him, and he decided to go scout out and hunt a bit closer to where Vorrden had gone. 
 After walking around one of the large rock's in the centre, he could see Vorden and his team. Just as Berg saw them, he could see Vorden burning one of the Wingedlizard using his fire powers. 
 "What, but how?" Lippy said, "Is he part of the Redshileds?" 
 "No, I've never seen him in my life, it looks like we've got some questions to ask." 
 **** 
 Mass release 4 chapters will be released for the next 2 days to make the 6 extra chapters. 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 118 Fire Vs Fire 
 Before doing anything drastic, the group wanted to test out Vorden's new fire abilities. They did same as before with Layla drawing out one of the lizards and then Erin freezing the lizard's movements. 
 When they were ready, Vorden shot out a stream of fire from the palm of his hands. The beast screamed and howled in pain. After a few second the beast caught on fire and Vorden no longer had to supply it with energy. 
 At this moment, Berg had just turned the corner and witnessed the whole thing. His mind was going crazy with thoughts. Did someone outside of the family know how to use the fire abilities? If that was the case, they needed to get rid of him, before anyone else knew or found out. 
 While Erin was busy carving out the beast to find its crystal, a fireball was spotted coming towards them. 
 "Look out!" Layla shouted. 
 At the last second, Vorden turned his head and fired a fireball of his own equal in size. As the two fireballs clashed a small explosion was created, and sparks of flame flew out onto the sound. 
 "You must be dealt with, no one is allowed to learn the secrets of the flame!" Berg shouted. Shooting out fire from the palm of his hands, he was able to propel himself forward while running, making him move at an incredible speed. 
 Vorden readied his self planning to fight back with anything Berg would use. If Berg shot out a fire ball, Vorden would retaliate with the same. If Berg shot out a stream of fire or made a pillar of fire, then Vorden would do the same only better. 
 This was how Vorden had won all his fights before. His experience when it came to fighting, was able to outmatch those that knew their own abilities inside and out. 
 But then at the last second, Berg propelled himself into the air. Stream of fire was seen coming from the bottom of his hands and feet. It looked almost like he was flying in the air. 
 'Spinning flame kick.' Using one of his legs, the fire would shoot out from the back of his heel, causing him to spin. Then with the other leg would let out multiple blades of fire. 
 "Damn it, I can't do that!" Vorden shouted. As the blades of fire were coming towards them, Vorden lifted both hands, creating a small wall of fire. 
 If Vorden thought he was safe, though, he was wrong. As the blades of fire touched the wall, it ripped right through and continued to go past. 
 By now, Layla and Erin had long moved to the side and become spectators of the whole thing, and the same could be said for Berg's teammates as well. It was clear that all of is attacks were aimed at a single person, and he didn't care for the rest of the team. 
 "What is going on?" Erin asked. 
 "I don't know, but I do know Vorden knows how to annoy a load of people, perhaps this is just one of them," Layla said. 
 All though Vorden's flame wall was useless, he was able to see the point of when the flames would touch the wall. For they would slightly part away apiece of his wall just before the blades of fire touched. This gave him enough time to dodge every single one of the blades coming at him. 
 "This guy is pretty good," Lippy said watching the whole thing from the side. 
 The second Berg landed on the ground he dashed forward using the flames once again to propel him. Vorden fired fire ball after fire ball, but then Berg just covered his hands in flames and would knock them away. 
 "Looks like your fire is no stronger than mine you thief." He shouted. 
 Then with his hands covered in flames, he went for a punch towards Vorden's face. Vorden could see the punch coming towards him. When it came to hand to hand combat, he was skilled and had years of experience as well. 
 He could see it coming and was planning to duck, but suddenly, the fist sped up in an instant and knocked Vorden into the ground with his head bouncing off the sand. 
 Vorden laid on the ground, unmoving with his eyes closed. 
 Although Vorden was unable to see what had just happened, the rest did. When Berg threw the punch, he had done nothing special, but it was what had happened at the last moment. 
 Berg had the ability to produce fire from any part of his body. The clothes he was wearing were specially designed by his family so they wouldn't burn away. As the last second, before the fist was to hit Vorden, he had produced a strong flame from his elbow pushing his fist forward and giving it an extra boost. 
 Vorden was used to elemental abilities but had never come across the fire one before. It was an original ability, unlike Ice, wind, earth and water. However, none of these acted like the flames which came from the body itself. 
 With the destructive nature of fire as well, it was why it was considered one of the strongest elements. 
 "What should we do?" Layla asked, "Should we go over and help him?" 
 "I don't think they'll kill him," Erin replied. "There, too many people here he would have to silence." 
 "Well, he is from the big four, right? Would the school really do anything?" 
 The two of them at that moment looked at each other. 
 To be honest, Erin hated this feeling, but she knew when someone was stronger than her. Berg hadn't even taken a single hit from Vorden, and she feared if it was her, it would have been the same result. 
 Standing right over Vorden's was Berg. He continually looked at Vorden's still body. 
 "Why isn't boss doing anything?" Lippy said as he watched. 
 He couldn't explain it himself, but for some reason, he felt like if he touched Vorden at this moment, he would be the one lying on the ground. 
 Then a few seconds later. Vordens eyes opened. 
 Inside the dark black room, Vorden had finally woken up. 
 "Whoa man, you sucked!" Raten said. "That guy really showed you." 
 "Wait a second," Vorden replied. "If you're here, then who's in the chair?" 
 **** 
 Mass release 4 chapters will be released for the next 2 days to make the 6 extra chapters. 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 119 No Chance 
 Quinn and Peter had been walking for a good fifteen minutes as they headed to what looked like a little abandoned well. Something that was once used to draw water out. It was used at a time when the shelter was first being built by the workers. 
 Although building works and such didn't take as long as they used to, especially since the introduction of earth ability users. Some powerful users would charge quite a bit for there service as they were able to construct building after building. 
 While the two of them were walking, not one of them had said a word to each other, and Quinn was the type that hated an awkward silence between two people. 
 In the end, he gave in and just had to say something. 
 "Why did you do it?" Quinn said. 
 Peter didn't have to ask what he was talking about. It was as clear as day. They continued walking for a while longer until eventually, Peter replied. 
 "I don't want to make any excuses, I know what I did was terrible. Everything, I don't even deserve to speak to you, but you don't understand Quinn, I was scared. They had already gone for Vorden and managed to catch him…Then they went after me and…. 
 "Enough!" Quinn snapped back. "I don't want to hear anymore, you were right the first time when you said you weren't going to make any excuses. But then you went on to list a bunch of excuses. I'm not saying you didn't have a reason for why you did it. When someone does something wrong everyone has a reason, be it good or bad but after everything, we had done for you, why didn't you come to us?" 
 "Could you really help me, Quinn, would you be saying the same thing if you knew who was behind everything?" Peter asked. 
 "Did you give us a chance?" Quinn replied. "Do you know the saying you miss all the shots you don't take? We were right there next to you the whole time and it wasn't like stuff like this didn't happen before. You saw what happened to Vorden did he change? And you should know more then anyone that I got the same treatment as you from my old school." 
 The two of them had finally arrived at the village and Quinn turned around to look at Peter. He could see his teary face, tears on top of tears running down and he was using his sleeves to wipe everything away. 
 "When you chose to go against us that day Peter, you where the one who had given up. You didn't try taking a shot and made your chances go down to zero." 
 The two of them looked around the abandoned well. In the centre was a giant machine used to draw water. It had rusted, and just from looking at it you could tell it hadn't been used in a while. 
 The only other thing in the place were two abandoned buildings. One room was completely bare apart from a single window. While the other building had a couple of broken wooden bed frames. 
 After taking off the rucksack and putting it on the old bed, Peter finally laid down and was getting some rest. He had managed to carry the large backpack all the way through the desert. And unlike Quinn, he didn't have supernatural strength to help him. 
 The heat didn't actually affect Quinn much, no more than it did when he was a human. It seemed like the sun must have contained some other unique property that affected vampires. As long as he stood under his umbrella, he felt absolutely fine. 
 But thinking about this, it reminded him he desperately needed those beasts' cores. If he wanted to craft a special material, he couldn't rely on Vorden and Layla to gather enough. Then finally, he would be free from the restraints of the sun. 
 "I���m going to go exploring around for a little bit, are you alright to stay here. Don't worry, I won't be going too far." 
 "Are you sure you're going to be safe?" Peter said. 
 "Yeah, as long as you aren't behind my back I'll have nothing to worry about," Quinn said jokingly. "Sorry, that was a low blow." 
 Quinn pictured the map in his head. He remembered the red zone was quite a large circular area. They had just come from the left direction, which was where Vorden and the others went. So as long as Quinn went right and forward, he should be in a different area of the red zone. 
 "With that, he decided to head off into the desert with his umbrella in his hand. 
 Watching all of this happen was Ben and his group. 
 "It looks like the two of them have split up." 
 "You three go for the kid with the umbrella. Take off everything, even his money card and get him to transfer everything over. Me and Hugo will go get rid off the other one." 
 They did as told, and three of their men went off to follow Quinn into the desert. While Ben and his friend Hugo had decided to enter the same building that Peter was in. 
 Just as Peter was about to shut his eyes, he heard footsteps enter the room. 
 "Oh, what a surprise we have here," Ben said. "I didn't expect anyone to be so far out here in the middle of nowhere. And when I looked earlier, it seemed like not a single person was around." 
 In the desert, before Quinn had even reached the Red zone, he could hear the sounds of people getting closer to him. His vision wasn't as great in the sunlight, it was about the only thing that was still affected while in the sun. But his hearing was always top-notch. 
 "Who sent you?" Quinn said without turning around. 
 "That's none of your business now is it?" One of the students said. "Now you better listen to what we say or else." 
 "Or else what?" Quinn said as he turned. "I'm sorry some people think I'm a bit slow." 
 The students then lifted up there watches to each reveal their levels. One was a level 4 student, and the other two level 3s. 
 "I hope you understand?" the level four user said. 
 "Oh I see, because you're a higher level than me I should be scared now, right? I should obey everything you do because I don't want to be hurt." 
 [Skill active Shadow Void] 
 Suddenly, from underneath Quinn's feet, his shadow started to spread. It grew and grew until it encompassed a large area in complete darkness. The shadows that formed the walls were continually moving. From the outside, it looked like a giant cloud storm. 
 Quinn then tapped his watch three times and lifted it up for them to see, the number had changed. He was now a level 6. 
 **** 
 Mass release 4 chapters will be released for the next 2 days to make the 6 extra chapters. 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 120 The little one's name 
 Vorden stood there, standing in the sand. He hadn't moved for a few seconds now, and his head was facing the floor. From the top of his head, a trickle of blood was dripping down onto his forehead, and little by little droplets would fall to the ground. 
 "Why is the boss just standing there?" Lippy asked. 
 The truth was Berg couldn't explain it himself. Something about the person he was facing a few seconds ago had suddenly changed. He felt the same presence as when he was just about to face one of the elders in his own family. 
 Then for the first time since being beaten to the floor, Vorden had moved. He lifted his hand and wiped the blood away before staring at it on his sleeve. 
 "You guys said you would protect me." 
 "Hey, don't look at me Sil," Raten said, "Vorden was the one who got knocked out before I could even do anything." 
 "Maybe it's time for a change?" Sil said. 
 "What, and leave this person in charge!" Vorden argued. "If you do this, you will be lonelier than before, even Quinn won't stay by your side!" 
 "Quinn. Ah yes, Quinn." Sil said as he looked around at where he was. "I don't see any Quinn?" 
 "This will be good." Raten said, "Hey Sil, that man in front of you is hiding Quinn from us." 
 Sil then looked at Berg up and down and started to walk towards him, but his face wasn't peaceful or anything. It was like that of a demon. The anger could be felt, the emotion, everything. Berg could feel it just coming from his face. 
 "Stay back!" Berg shouted as he covered his forearms and fist in flames once again. 
 As Sil took another step forward, Berg was at his limit and knew, he needed to attack now. Placing both hands together, he started to fire a pillar of flames from his hand like a flamethrower. 
 As the fire came towards him, Sil swung his hands, lifting a pile of sand with it and dropping it straight on the flames causing it to extinguish. 
 "When did he get my ability?" Layla said, watching the fight. "And why is it stronger than mine? I could never lift that amount of sand." 
 "Vorden's ability is strange," Erin said. "But if I remember correctly, he could control two abilities. Perhaps it has something to do with that?" 
 Seeing this, Berg too was shocked. He had thought Vorden was just someone who had learnt the family secret. Maybe tortured one of their members into teaching it to them. But now suddenly, he was using another ability. How was this possible? 
 While Berg was shocked by the whole thing, he started to feel an icy presence climb up from his feat. 
 "What is this?" He said as he saw his two legs freezing. 
 In an instant, he activated the fire to cover his legs causing it to melt the ice, but all Sil wanted to do was stall him for a second or so, as he formed an ice spear and threw it directly at his shoulder. 
 It landed and pierced Berg, but he couldn't complain long as pillars of fire were already rising from the ground. 
 "He has your ice abilities as well!" Layla said, "That's three abilities, just how strong is Vorden really!?" 
 While using one hand to cast pillars of fire the other hand would continue to throw ice spears. Berg could only dodge these two attacks for so long. 
 "Come on, he has to be running out of MC soon!" Berg said. 
 Inside the black room, Raten was busy laughing. 
 "I bet you this guy thinks he can win the match as long as he waits for Sil to tire out. Well, that's not happening." 
 Right now, Vorden contained three abilities. Whenever he copied a person's ability, he also copied the amount of MC points in their body. This was also the same for all the other abilities he stored inside his body. But Vorden's ability and cells were unique. 
 As long as he had copied an ability, he would be able to change any of the MC cells into whatever type he wanted. Using the fire ability was a level 8 ability, Erin's ability was a level 5, and Layal's ability was a level 2. This meant he had a huge amount of MC points to use, and if he wanted to like earlier, he would be able to change all his cells into one type of MC. Which was why Sil was able to lift the sand to take out the fire. While Layla would have never been able to achieve something like that with her ability. 
 As the fight continued, Berg could tell that Vorden wasn't tiring out. He needed to act fast. As fire came from his right and Ice came from his left. Berg crouched into a fetal position and started to let the fire build up inside him. 
 Then when the attacks were right by his side, he expanded his limbs and out came a sphere of fire, getting rid of all the attacks. 
 But now Berg was panting and sweating hard. It was a last-ditch effort to protect himself, but he really didn't know what to do after this. 
 "Where.. is... Quinn?" Sil asked as he walked over. 
 Layla and Erin were too far to hear any of the words Vorden had spoken. But were worried that he might do something drastic. 
 "Crazy boy, I beg you don't do something crazy!" Layla said. 
 "Wait!" Vorden shouted. "Raten was lying, Quinn is safe he's somewhere else, let me take over, and I can show you." 
 "You damn Rat Vorden!" Raten shouted back. "Now I'm going to get my assed handed to me." 
 "I'm tired," Sil said. 
 Now Vorden had finally reached where Berg was standing. 
 "I don't want to make an enemy of you, but you attacked us first," Vorden said. 
 Suddenly the feeling Berg once had, now was gone. When he looked at Vorden, it was the same as before. 
 "I'm from the Blade family, it's probably best if our two families don't get into a confrontation with each other." 
 As soon as Berg had heard Vorden's second name, he finally understood. The Blade family weren't as big as the big four, but that was because they chose not to be. They were a secretive family that didn't choose to have much influence in the world. Because of this, not many knew about them. 
 Berg didn't really understand why but his father had always said if he was to meet someone from the Blade's, to show absolute respect. 
 Berg placed his head in the ground and started to apologise. 
 "I'm sorry, it's my fault that this all has happened. Is there anything I can do for you?�� 
 Vorden thought about it for a while. He hated to use his family name like this, but he was sure at least the big four would know of it, but while he was using it, he might as well take advantage. 
 "It's okay, but I'm going to have to have you hand over your crystals you got today and yesterday over to us," Vorden said, smiling. 
 "Of course." 
 While Erin, Layla and the others watched this scene, they couldn't believe what was happening. They knew Vorden was an original, they even knew of his family name, but they had never heard of the Blade family before. 
 But for some reason, someone from the big four was bowing down to him. Apologizing and even handing over their crystals. 
 "Just who are you, Vorden." Layla thought. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 121 Naive 
 Berg and his group handed over the crystals they had obtained inside a bag. Vorden now had a big grin on his face. Just before he had split off with Quinn. Quinn had asked him to try to get as many Wingedlizard beast crystals as possible, saying he needed them for some reason. 
 And right now, in the bag, there were 39 winged lizard crystals in total. After talking it over with Berg, Vorden eventually decided to head back to Erin and Layla. 
 "Hey, boss you're going to let him go just like that?" Lippy said as he saw Vorden walk away. 
 "It's okay." Berg said, "We can always get more crystals, we will soon get our number one spot back. But it's important to keep the relationship and our lives intact. That's the most important thing." 
 Walking over with a skip in his step, Vorden was over the moon about his haul. 
 As Layla peeked inside the bag, she couldn't believe her eyes. 
 "What, just, I don't understand." Layla said, "How?" 
 "Don't worry about that, I think it's best if we head back and hand these crystals in to be counted towards our score and I'm a little worried about Peter." 
 "But aren't those crystals useless?" Layla asked. "Most of them have already been counted." 
 Each crystal inside had a unique pattern to it. Every single crystal was unique, similar to a human fingerprint. When the crystals are counted, they are placed into a machine that assigns a certain code to each crystal. These unique codes are then added onto the teams score board. 
 Once crystals were counted, students were able to do what they wanted with the crystals. Sell them for credits, turn them into beast gear or even trade with them. But what they weren't allowed to do during this assessment, were buy Beast crystals. 
 The whole shelter was under strict instructions to not sell any beast crystals to any students. This was to avoid a group from buying crystals and registering them under their points. 
 But there was a reason why these unique codes were assigned to each team's codes. 
 "Oh, I guess you guys don't know." Vorden said, "My brother did the same thing 2 years ago, so I have a little bit of insider information, I guess. Although the same crystals can no longer be registered for points. If the crystals belong to another team. The unique codes from their score will go onto ours. So while there score would drop, ours would rise." 
 This information was purposely kept from the students but was told to a select few. Either originals like Vorden knew of it, or those who had already registered with the military. 
 "Well I hate to say it, but you actually did a really good job this time," Layla said while pouting. She knew when compliments were to be given, and this was defiantly one of them. 
 "Well, while we are ahead, why don't we keep on hunting?" Erin asked. 
 "The truth is I'm worried about Peter. Because of this, he might be targeted." Vorden said. 
 "If you knew about this, then why didn't we leave him at the shelter?" Erin asked. 
 "If we did, it would just be the same result. Perhaps even more so, people would attack him as soon as they saw him on the street." 
 There was acutely a second reason why Vorden and Quinn wanted to bring Peter along. They were hoping to draw out whoever Peter was afraid of. Peter seemed pretty sure that someone was going to attack them on this expedition and if so, Vorden and Quinn thought they could find some answers. 
 "No one would attack a fellow student like that are you crazy. I understand when the second years attacked you." Erin said. "You were the one who attacked them, but why would they just randomly attack another student inside the shelter. Even if it meant getting their crystals, no human being would just attack another because of the test. and even so, people would rush over to help him." 
 At that point, Vorden and Layla looked at each other, and both of them had the same thought. 
 "Erin, you do know that Peter is a level 1, right?" Vorden asked. 
 "What does that have to do with anything?" She replied back. 
 It was as the two had thought. Erin was unaware of the treatment that lower Levels received compared to everyone else. The truth was, Vorden and Layla already knew this to some degree. 
 Most of the students at the school who were midrange levels didn't experience much of the bad side, and this was true for Erin as well. The two knew this was the case, many of the students were just unaware of what happened. But they just didn't realise that Erin was one of them. 
 Erin herself never mistreated low levels, but just never paid them any attention either. She had one goal, and getting to know them wouldn't allow her to achieve anything. 
 As the three of them started to head back to where the well was. The two of them began to explain to Erin just what really happened at the school. But not only at the school but what happened on the outside world as well. 
 "But the strong would never steal form the weak," Erin said. "Just what does that prove? We already know we are stronger than them. Wouldn't it make more sense to fight against those that are stronger than your selves and try to improve as a person? Just what is there to gain from all of this?" 
 Erin just couldn't comprehend why certain people would choose to do such things. In the situation with Vorden and Berg, she could understand. The two of them had battled it out and had a grand duel. The loser Berg, had gifted Vorden with the crystals as a prize. 
 But neither group had aimed or started a fight with the sole purpose of stealing the crystals. 
 "Every person is different," Vorden replied. "Honestly if we knew all the answers of why people acted a certain way, then perhaps we wouldn't be in the situation we are in right now." 
 At that very moment, Vorden's fear was becoming a reality, as Ben and his group had just spotted Peter inside one of the buildings. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 122 Crash Landing 
 As Peter heard the footsteps enter the small little building, he was in. He quickly realised that he had no way of escape. It was a small room with only one entrance, and the two men stood in front of him were completely blocking his path. He was trapped. 
 "Now this can be nice and easy for you," Ben said. "All we want are those crystals in your bag." 
 Peter then reached out for the earth staff that was placed on his back and pulled out in front of him. 
 "Really." Ben said, looking at the thing." Look, we can either do this the easy way or the hard way. I'm really not into hurting others like some of those sick psychopaths, all I want is a good score on the test." 
 As soon as Ben stepped forward, Peter lifted the Earth pole towards Ben's face and then using his ability transformed the end of it into a sharp tip. 
 "Please…" Peter said. "Let's not do this, I can't, if you take the crystals away. They'll hate me even more." Tears were now visibly running down his face and falling to the ground. 
 "They already hate me too much, I just can't have them hate me more." Peter cried. 
 Peter stood firmly, not allowing the spear to move. It was pointed at Ben, who was standing in front of the other person just below his chin. 
 "Look its Peter, right?" Ben said. 
 Suddenly, Peter's face changed a little when he heard his name. 
 "Do you know why I know your name, we're part of the military to, in fact, Duke was the one who gave us all the information. I promise you that Duke will reward you if you hand those crystals over to us." 
 Although Ben and his group did belong to the military and helped Duke out from time to time. Duke had requested no such thing. Ben knew using his name would cause a reaction out of Peter. The low levels always ended up in Duke's hands one way or another, and it was the same for him. 
 But by the time Peter knew Ben was lying, he knew Peter wouldn't say anything. He could complain to Duke, but what would he do, what would he care for a level one ability user while Ben was a level four. 
 Seeing the change in Peter' eyes, Ben thought his words were a success, but when he stepped forward again, Peter decided to go in for a stab. 
 "I said I'm not letting anyone take them!" He shouted. 
 As the spear was thrust forward, one of Ben's friends from the side lifted his hand, and with it, an earth wall was placed between the two of them. The wall manged to catch the spear in the centre and snap it in half. 
 Unlike higher-level Earth users, Peter could only control the earth when he was touching it. As he saw the wall being placed in front of him, he immediately dashed forward and touched the wall. Using his ability, he created multiple spikes sticking out from the other end. 
 While doing so, Peter closed his eyes, waiting to hear the screams from the other end, but they never came. 
 Instead, a few seconds later, a huge club had been swung and smashed the wall into pieces also hitting Peter and sending him flying back. The blow was so powerful that Peter didn't just crash into the wall, but caused it to collapse and was now outside covered in rubble. 
 The wall wasn't very strong and stable from years of decay, and it wasn't very well built either. But still to be able to knock a human through such a thing an immense amount of power was needed. 
 "What a useless struggle, I would have thought someone like you would have been broken in by now," Ben said as he walked through the hole in the wall and stared at Peter on the ground. 
 Peter was barely conscious, a small trail of blood was appearing from his mouth, and his whole face and hair were covered in debris from the wall. 
 "Please…Don't… hate me..." Peter said. 
 Peter mind was a mess, he didn't even know where he currently was or even who was in front of him. 
 "I'm sorry, Peter, this is just how the world is." At that moment, Peter passed out. 
 Ben went through Peters bag and took the 15 crystals that were obtained in yesterday's expedition. They then also took Peter's money card, which was white in colour, the lowest possible card you could get. 
 They decided to leave everything else intact, the food pills, the water purifiers and the first aid supplies. Although they were thieves, they were just doing as the system suggested, they weren't cold-hearted murders. 
 Ben and his friend had decided they would head to the shelter together, but before heading back, they would make a stop at the oasis to hunt some more Teethworms. That was the meeting point to meet the other three who had gone after Quinn. 
 As they were walking, one of them spotted something large and black in the sky coming towards them in their direction. It was flying in the air, and it seemed like black smoke was coming from the back. 
 "What is that?" One of them asked. 
 "I don't know, I think it's a space ship, but I've never seen one designed like that before?" Ben replied. 
 The black object drew closer, and it was roughly the same size as a large car. Then finally just in front of them in the sandy desert, the ship had crashed. It continued to skirt across the sand and was heading straight for them. 
 "Get out of the way!" Ben shouted. 
 The large black ship continued to bump and skirt across the sand until eventually, it had come to a stop, around fifty meters from their direction. 
 The space ship was black in colour, but it didn't look like it was made of a type of metal material like earth's ships. Instead, the outside was bumpy and looked scale-like. As if it was carved using the outside of beasts. Then in the centre was an oval-shaped sphere. 
 But the glass was too thick to see through. 
 "Do you think they're okay? They're lucky the ship didn't blow up." he said, "I wonder what happened?" 
 But while Ben's friend had no clue what it was, Ben was visibly shaking with fear. He had seen images of one of these before. 
 "Run, run now!" Ben shouted. 
 The Sphere like shape opened up and out stepped what was known as a Dalki. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 123 Shadow void 
 Out on the sandy desert where the area was mostly covered with rocks and sand, one area looked different today. From the outside, it looked like a dark cloud that's was continually moving and shifting, creating a large dome-shaped space. 
 "What is this?" One of the men said. 
 The three from Ben's group were now surrounded by moving shadows. Although the inside of the Shadow Void wasn't pitch black as one would think. The shadows seemed to give off a slight purple light that allowed the interior to be seen. 
 "Did you see his watch?" Another one said. "He was actually a level six. We need to get out of here!" 
 It was the first time Quinn had cast the shadow void skill. He was unsure of how big the area of effect would be, and whenever or not, he could deactivate it once the skill was used. If something like that was seen at the school, it would have caused alarm bells to ring. 
 Inside the shadow void, Quinn could feel a connection with the shadows, it was hard to explain, but it was as if it was created using a part of his own body. 
 Quinn looked at his stats, and as the system had told him, everything was normal. There was no weakness to the sun. While Quinn was busy checking his stats, one of the men tried to make a break for it. 
 He ran to the edge of the shadow void walls. This was bad, if the three were to escape from the shadow void, then Quinn would lose his advantage. 
 Out of instinct as Quinn saw this, he lifted his arm and started to shift the wall of the shadow into some type of arm. When the man was close enough, he tried swinging his dagger at the arm, but when it made contact, his arm started to slow down. And he immediately pulled it back afraid of what was happening. 
 [MC points 48/100] 
 Fifty points of MC had already been cast to activate the shadow void, and it looked like if he used shadow control on the outside walls, it would use up his MC points. However, the others didn't know this. 
 They felt like they were trapped, and if they were to go close to the wall, the arms would once again appear. 
 One of the students, the level four user had a Mohawk. The situation around him was starting to frustrate him as he felt more and more trapped. 
 "Screw this guy!" Mohawk said. "You saw the number on his watch change right? He's probably a fake and besides, being a level six doesn't mean he has strong abilities." 
 The other two hearing Mohawk's words gave them a bit of confidence. 
 "Yeah, you're right, and he doesn't even have any beast gear!" One of them said. 
 Out of the three of them, one of them held a crossbow on his back, while the other had a set of daggers around his waist. Mohawk, who was in the middle, had a chest piece that gave him extra strength. 
 "Get him!" Mohawk shouted. 
 The crossbow user pulled out his bow and started to fire bolt after bolt towards Quinn. 
 [Shadow equip] 
 Shadow's started to form around Quinn's arms and legs, and suddenly they were covered in beast gear. As the first bolt came towards him, he lifted his hand, deflecting the bolt onto the ground. 
 If Quinn wanted to, he could have used his shadow ability to block the bolt, but right now it was best for him to use his vampire abilities because he would soon be able to replenish whatever blood he was about to use anyway. 
 "What, but that was a beast arrow. It wasn't just made out of metal!" The crossbow user said. 
 "Just keep firing the thing!" Mohawk shouted. 
 He did as ordered, and arrow bolts started to fire one after another. This time as they came forward, the other user who had remained still had gathered what looked like a small hurricane in his hands, and then at the right moment, he brought his hands forward, and a gust of wind came out with it. 
 The wind seemed weak, but it wasn't his aim to do any harm, it was to support the bolts making them faster and more powerful. 
 "Let's see you deal with this." 
 Opening his palm facing forward, Quinn waited until the right time before using his skill. 
 [Blood spray] 
 [55/60 HP] 
 A spray of Blood left the palm of his hands and knocked each of the arrows out of the air, causing them to break and fall to the ground. 
 "Now it's my turn!" Quinn activated his wind walk on his boots to further increase his speed. While doing so, he used the inspect skill on each one of them. 
 The crossbow user had the ability to duplicate items. Although each item that was duplicated would only be half the strength of the original. This was how the crossbow user was able to continually fire out the arrows. 
 The other student was a wind ability user and lastly, Mohawk was a level four earth user. Just like the one he had faced in the game once, only this one didn't have a full set of beast gear equipment on. 
 "First, the annoying one." With Quinn's added speed with the boots and his reflexes, it was nearly impossible for the crossbow user to hit him and then when Quinn was close enough, he cast out four blood swipes swinging out his arms. 
 With no defence, the four attacks each hit him dead in the chest causing large cut wounds across his chest and to be thrown onto the floor. 
 [51/60 HP] 
 Next was the earth user who was by his side, and this time, Quinn wasn't giving him no chances. One second Quinn was in his view, the next moment Quinn had performed Flash step, and at the same time, Hammer strike dealing a blow right on the chest. 
 His chest piece started to crack until it eventually broke away, then Blood spewed from his mouth as his insides were ruptured and he too fell to the ground. 
 [46/60 HP] 
 Suddenly, a sharp pain was felt inside Quinn's back. As he turned around, he could see the wind user holding the small little daggers in between his fingers. 
 "I got you!" He said. 
 He threw another dagger, and it came out too fast for him to react, hitting Quinn's stomach. 
 [42/60 HP] 
 Quinn then looked at the dagger and pulled it out of his body. As he did, the wound slowly started healing as the skin could be seen coming back together, until finally, there was nothing left apart from a hole in his military uniform. 
 "You monster!" The student shouted. 
 Continuously throwing blades he manged to hit Quinn repeatedly. Making sure to cover his face with his hands, Quinn rushed forward not caring for the small blades hitting his body. 
 [38/60 HP] 
 [34/60 HP] 
 His Hp continued to go down, but Quinn didn't care. Without realising it, the student was moving backwards out of fear. He continued to move backwards until he finally felt something grab onto him from behind. 
 As he looked down around his waist, he could see the shadow wrapped around his body. He tried to fight against it, and it was working, but he was only moving ever so slowly from the shadow. It was as if time itself had slowed down for his body while touching the strange substance. 
 "Now tell me? Who sent you, and why did you attack me?" Quinn asked. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 124 Increasing the Charm 
 The wind user was trapped inside the wall of shadows, but it was a strange feeling. It wasn't like he couldn't move, but instead, if he tried moving his movements would be incredibly slow, like he was stuck in some type of glue. 
 In his panic, he had completely forgotten about his ability. With his mind now thinking straight, he used his hand to cast a wind blade cutting a piece of the shadow. It quickly separated and then started to reform again in almost an instant. 
 The moment the student had cut the shadow with his wind ability, Quinn's MC had decreased. 
 [44/100 MC] 
 It also seemed that while Shadow Void was active, he would be unable to gain back his MC points like he initially thought, which meant he had to be even more conservative if he was planning to use his shadow abilities along with the shadow Void. 
 But just like when he used shadow control on his own shadow, whenever the shadow was attacked, his MC points would lower slightly. 
 The student cast wind slash after wind slash and was slowly able to move more. Then finally, he was free. 
 "I did it!" he shouted, but when he looked up, Quinn was there right in front of him. He grabbed both arms of the wind user and twisted them inward, so his palms were facing towards his own face. 
 Then Quinn kicked both feet of the user, causing him to fall to his knees and once again the shadow had grabbed onto his legs. 
 With the elemental user, the ability to control the elements came from their hands and feet. This was different for fire and some other elements. But this fact was true for the basic ones. 
 "Now I want you to answer my question from earlier, why did you follow me!" 
 "I'm s... so... sorry!" The wind user said with a stutter. "It was all Ben's idea, he said that we would be able to take care of you level ones and take your crystals, add it to our team's points." 
 The wind user was deadly frightened; not only had he never seen such a strange ability before, he was still trying to decide if the person in front of him was human. It seemed like he was a person with multiple abilities. He could control the shadow, shoot out red aura from his hands and on top of that, he had supernatural healing, and now with the wind users' arms twisted, he felt like he had superhuman strength as well. 
 "This ben, does he work for anyone?" Quinn asked. 
 "I mean, we all work for the military, but no one told us to do anything if that's what you're asking." 
 Quinn couldn't be a hundred percent sure if he were telling the truth or not. But judging by his reaction and how frightened he was, Quinn felt like his words were true. 
 "You know if you increased your charm stat a bit more, you would be able to get these weak minded people to tell you anything." The system said. 
 "Are you kidding me?" Quinn asked. 
 "No, there are certain skills in your system that will only unlock once you get enough stat points. One of them is a type of mind control for the Charm stat. It��s quite handy, if their mind is weak, you can replace their memories, get them to spill the beans or even if it was really high, you could even get the person to kill themselves. Of course, that would only be for the very top of Vampire classes." 
 It seemed like the charm stat was becoming more and more dependable. At first, Quinn thought it was just an annoyance that only allowed him to get girls, but that didn't seem to be the case anymore. 
 "Do you know how many points in charm I need to unlock this skill?" Quinn asked. 
 "Ten points are needed for the influence skill." 
 [140/200 exp] 
 Right now, Quinn and gained 20 exp, for defeating the level three student and 40 exp points for defeating the level four student. Then there was also the two daily mission he completed bringing him up to 140 exp. Even if he did defeat the wind user in front of him, that would only bring his experience points up to 160. 
 It wouldn't be enough to level up. When using his inspect skill at the two around him, one was blood A type while the other two were blood O. The blood O stat allowed him to put a point into anything he wished. Still, he was unsure whether that included the charm stat or not, but it was likely. 
 But even then, he would only have 8 points in his Charm stat. He needed 10. 
 The reason why Quinn was so adamant about unlocking this skill after hearing about it from the system, was because he didn't know what to do. The three users here were from the same school as him, and they had seen his ability, it would have been fine if it was just the shadow ability, but they had also seen his blood abilities as well and his incredible healing. 
 If he could, he wanted to avoid killing his fellow students, but it was something that would have had to be done. In the end, they were the ones who attacked him, and it was a secret he couldn't afford to be let out. 
 But could he really do it, technically he had killed already but back then he wasn't sane of mind. Quinn would even argue that it wasn't really him but something else controlling him. But killing someone while he was fully sane was another thing altogether. 
 Just then, from the corner of his eye. Quinn saw something forming from the ground. The sharp object shot out like a bullet and Quinn managed to move his head and doge at the last second. 
 Suddenly, heavy breathing sounds could be heard. When Quinn looked at the wind user in the shadow wall, he could see that an earth spike had impaled right through the wind user's neck. Blood was flowing down the spike as the student struggled to breathe. 
 More spikes started to appear from the floor, and when Quinn looked ahead, he could see that the earth user had regained consciousness and was barely standing on his feet with his hand held out. 
 "Die you Bast*rd!" He shouted. 
 Thinking about the spike, Quinn felt like he had just avoided death. Sure he had plenty of health points remaining, but if the spike had impaled him through the head, he was pretty sure he wouldn't have been able to recover from something like that. 
 "You just tried to kill me!" Quinn shouted. "When I was just thinking about sparing your lives." 
 'Humans are truly disgusting!' Quinn thought. For some reason, he thought if he could change maybe, they could too. They were still young, and only students, they had time to change their ways. 
 In a fit of anger, Quinn sent out blood swipe after blood swipe. The earth user tried to raise a wall between them, but the wall was far too weak. The second the blood swipes made an impact, the wall was smashed, and the blood strikes continued to hit the user. 
 Quinn continued to fire out blood swipe until a message had appeared. 
 [A level 4 human has been killed, 80 exp gained] 
 At that moment Quinn stopped. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 125 Influence 
 [210/200 exp] 
 [Congratulations you are now level 12] 
 [28/65 HP] 
 [2 free stat points have been added] 
 [10/400 Exp] 
 Quinn wasn't thinking correctly and purely attacked out of anger. The fact that someone had almost killed him, he just reacted and what happened was not part of his plan. But just like when he looked at Ian's dead body, Quinn felt nothing looking at the earth users body lying there lifeless in the corner. 
 Then from the back of the shadow void, he could hear a groan. 
 "pLek sve me!" It was coming from the wind user who still had the earth spike lodged in his throat. The colour in his face was now turning pale. If Quinn were a healer then perhaps, he would have been able to have done something, but he had no such abilities. At least not something that could heal at this level. 
 After biting his victims and noticing the marking on their necks healing quicker, Quinn decided to do a few tests with Layla before coming to the Planet. What he had found was that his salvia seemed to have some type of healing ability. 
 If he was to cause a cut mark on Layla to draw blood, then rubbed his spit on her, the mark would heal quickly, but it was clear his spit wouldn't be able to save someone from something like this. 
 Walking over to the wind user Quinn looked at him. 
 "Your own friend did this to you. No, you did this to yourself when you tried attacking me. I will put you out of your pain." 
 Casting his blood swipe from above and at a close range he manged to cleanly cut off the wind user's head and now he was no longer in pain. 
 [Level 3 user killed 60 exp gained] 
 [70/400 exp] 
 "So, I really do get more exp for killing them." 
 Just like with the earth user, Quinn had obtained the double the number of points after killing the victim. The reason why he received more for the level three was most likely because he hadn't knocked out his opponent yet, but straight out killed them. Allowing him to earn 60 exp points instead of 40. 
 Looking at the bloody mess instead of feeling sick like a regular person, his stomach started to growl. 
 [Your hunger grows] 
 During the fight, he had used up a lot of blood and had been stabbed several times and right now the sweat smell coming off the body was only getting stronger. 
 But his mind felt conflicted. He felt no emotion when seeing the dead, and the mangled bodies didn't affect him. Even before when he was a halfling, he still had a little sympathy, but now he hardly felt any. 
 "I guess I really am no longer human." 
 Walking over to the body, Quinn lifted the dead wind users arm and using the tip of his clawed gauntlets, he made a cut across the wrist. At that moment, the sweetest taste had entered his mouth, and his body started to feel re-energized. 
 [65/65 HP] 
 [Blood type O has been consumed] 
 [1 free stat point has been added] 
 Before doing anything else, Quinn checked if the free stat point could be put into his charm skill and just like he thought, it could. He then went on to the next body, the earth user and had done the same. 
 This time there was no need to consume a large amount of blood since Quinn's health was full, and he had already eaten his fill. Putting his equipment back in his dimensional space, he dipped his finger into the blood and gave it a little lick. 
 [A blood type has been consumed] 
 [+1 strength stat] 
 The last person was the crossbow user who also had the O blood type. He was already bleeding across his chest. The wounds weren't too deep. It seemed he had passed out more from the impact rather than the wounds themselves. 
 [Blood type O has been consumed] 
 [1 free stat point has been added] 
 After getting everything he needed, he could finally increase his charm points to 10. 
 [Charm points: 10] 
 [New Skill: Influence has been unlocked] 
 [ Depending on the user's charm points and the mental strength of the opponent. The user is able to influence the person or creature to do their bidding. This includes things such as, memory loss, information extraction and so on. Must make direct eye contact with the target] 
 Looking at the bow user on the ground, Quinn was tempted to just end his life there and get the experience points. However, he felt like he really would have lost a grip with himself if he did. In the end, he decided to try out his new powers, and if it didn't work, he would have to go through with it anyway. 
 Lifting the user up off the ground, Quinn slapped him across the face a few times until the man eventually woke up. As soon as his eyes opened, Quinn activated his new Skill. 
 [Skill influence activated] 
 [Skill successful] 
 Around the user's eyes, a small red circle could now be seen, and his body went slightly stiff. 
 "What do I do now?" Quinn asked. 
 "Just say whatever you want, and it will happen. If you ask him a question, his brain will process the information and answer. If you tell him to forget something, he'll forget it. You can even replace the memory, but that's a little risky, to be honest, and doesn't work well if he gets pulled in for questioning." 
 Quinn did as the system said and gave out his instructions. 
 "I want you to forget everything that happened today. You never saw me, and you never met me. You just came out to hunt some beasts, and I want you to go back to sleep." 
 "Do you think that's enough?" Quinn said. 
 "Yes, if you can, I would bury the bodies under the sand. Eventually, they will be eaten by the beasts in this area, but when he wakes up, he will have no clue what happened and can only assume it must have been a beast." 
 The colour around the man's eyes returned to normal, and he quickly went back to sleep as Quinn had ordered. 
 After burying the bodies into the sand, he started to look round the place for his umbrella, eventually, he had found it, but it wasn't good news. Sometime during the fight, the umbrella must have been destroyed. 
 With his MC points only half full, he would just have to bear the sluggish movements in the sun for now while he recovered. 
 Quinn then tried to cancel the shadow ability and slowly from above the shadows started to shrink and disappear. The fight had lasted about half an hour, so he still had another thirty minutes of the shadow void left if he wished. But if he left the shadow void up, his MC points would not return. 
 The shadow started to slowly clear and shrink back until it all went right underneath Quinn's feet. 
 [You are being hit by direct sunlight] 
 [Your stats have been reduced by 70 Percent] 
 Immediately, he felt sluggish, and his head started to hurt, once his MC points had returned, he was sure to use Shadow cloak to cover himself and get out of the sun. Then just as Quinn was getting ready to set off, he spotted Black smoke off in the distance. 
 "Isn't that next to where Peter was? " 
 **** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 126 Follow the smoke 
 Vorden and the others started to make their way through the dry, harsh desert. They didn't encounter many beasts on their way back. It seemed like the desert beasts were much more of a territorial creature. 
 The map was quite accurate in indicating where the beasts were located and where they were not, and as long as they were outside any of the coloured zones, it seemed like they wouldn't run into any more beasts. 
 Eventually, after walking through the desert, they could finally see the small Well area insight. 
 "That's where Quin said to meet them, right?" Layla asked. 
 "Yeah, they said they would be here." But just then Vorden stopped and looked down at the ground. 
 Rubble from one of the buildings could be seen everywhere but what shocked him most, was Peter. He was crawling across on the ground towards them. His legs had been hurt and possibly a few of his ribs broken. The only thing he was using was his forearms to crawl along the floor towards them. 
 "Peter, what happened?" Layla asked as she came rushing over and knelt down by his side. But Peter continued to move forward using his forearms completely ignoring her. 
 "I have…. to" Perter mumbled. "I have to get back those crystals. Otherwise, those guys will hate me. I can't live anymore." Peter said. 
 Then suddenly, Peter had come to a halt as his hands seemed to hit something. 
 "Peter, you've done enough," Vorden said, as he knelt down and placed his hands on his shoulders. 
 Peter was half-conscious the whole time, yet there was one thing in his mind keeping him going forward. He had dealt with the gruesome pain of being tortured, but he couldn't deal with everyone hating him. He realised now that back then, he had chosen the wrong decision, and he wanted to change that. He wanted to change himself. 
 The others hated him, so what, because he hated himself even more. But when he had heard Vorden's words, something in his mind had clicked and he had snapped out of his half-dazed state. He looked up and could see Vorden bent over in front of him. 
 Immediately tears started to run down his face. 
 "I'm sorry, Vorden." Peter cried. "They took the crystals, I tried, I really tried to stop them. I promise." 
 "I know you did," Vorden replied. 
 At that moment, all the energy had left Peter's body, and he had completely collapsed passed out on the floor. 
 "What do you think happened to him?" Layla asked. 
 Erin had ignored Peter for the most part and went straight for the bag past him, it was laid on top of the rubble. 
 "It's gone." Erin said, "They took our crystals." 
 "Well, I guess it was pretty clear what happened then," Vorden said. 
 "Wait a minute, what about Quinn, I don't see him anywhere?" Layla said. 
 "Well, it's not like we can ask Peter what happened," Erin replied. "They probably took him away too." 
 Although it was possible, the other two doubted it. Both of them knew before heading out to this expedition that Quinn had the shadow ability as well as his blood abilities. It sounded like if there was ever an emergency in the sun, he was pretty confident about fighting. 
 Unless the group that attacked them were high levels, they just couldn't see Quinn losing in a fight. Vorden also believed that it was unlikely to be a group of high levels. Otherwise, they would have confronted them without waiting for Peter to separate from them. 
 'Was it perhaps one of the group of people working for the second years, no they wouldn't hurt Peter like this. Even if he refused to work for them, they would probably kill him in case he told anyone, but instead, they left him alive.' Vorden thought. 
 Out from the bag, Erin had pulled out a little first aid box. It looked to be made of metal like a small briefcase and had a small standard red cross on it. Then she placed it on the ground and pressed the red cross. 
 The little suitcase started to transform into what looked like a little droid. 
 "How can I be of assistance?" the droid asked. 
 "Student Peter chuck over there, administer whatever you can to make him feel better." 
 The little Robot then scouted off and started to scan the area until it had eventually found Peter injured on the ground. It started a scan and brought out small tools patching up Peter wherever it could. 
 "Will he be okay after this?" Layla asked. 
 "He should be, that Robot can deal with some pretty serious injuries. It's like having a personal doctor with you." Erin replied. ". As long as he isn't near death, he should be fine. But I do have to warn you guys, we only have one of those things. Once the medicine has been used to treat any infections and such, it doesn't really have the supplies to treat us again." 
 "I'm surprised you actually let Peter use it then." Said Layla. 
 Erin didn't actually want to use such a precious item on Peter. She felt like it was useless. Peter would eventually heal on his own anyway, this would just speed up the process. But after hearing the words of the others and seeing Peter in pain like that. It made her realise that perhaps the others weren't exaggerating about the mistreatments of others. 
 Just then, Vorden spotted the sign of black smoke off in the distance. 
 "Do you think that's them, probably one of them using their abilities," said Vorden. "It doesn't look too far away, and we can get our crystals back?" 
 "But what about Quinn?" Layla replied. 
 "Why don't we split up?" Vorden suggested. "We can't just leave Peter out here, I'll stay with him in case anything happens. When he's all healed up, we'll go looking for Quinn. You two can go get our crystals back, but if it looks too tough, then fall back and come to the Well." 
 Layla didn't like the sound of Vorden being the one to rescue Quinn, but it seemed like the only thing they could really do. If Layla was to go out on her own and a powerful beast appeared, she could get seriously hurt. 
 They could send Erin to look for Quinn, but she didn't know his secret, and that would mean she would be stuck with Vorden. 
 With them agreeing, it was the only thing they could really do. Vorden stayed with Peter while the two girls headed off the area of black smoke. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 127 The Dalki 
 On earth on one of the very few pieces of land that still existed, was a reasonably large tower that had been built. It was on a small island where the only thing on it was the tower itself. The tower was so large and grand in size, that if someone was to stand at the top of it, they could reach the clouds. 
 But its purpose wasn't for anything grand like tourism. Such a piece of equipment as grand as this could never have been able to be built before. But thanks to Richard Eno and his team, they managed to finally finish it after the war. 
 This sole tower's purpose was to monitor the activity of each of the planets on the other side of the portals. It needed a strange source to power it that only Eno knew off. It was the same source of power used to power the portals. 
 With this, they were able to get a clear view of what the area looked like. They had mapped out each planet the portals led them to in that solar system. There were still many planets left unexplored, but they kept good track of those with shelters on. 
 But today, unlike any other day, red alarm bells were ringing inside. The people were rushing all over the place. In a single room, they had about 200 employees all looking at a computer screen of their own. Then there was also the main monitor that resembles a cinema screen. 
 "Sir! It looks like there's been a breach on one of the green portal planets!" one of the men at the computer said. 
 Standing at the back of the room was a man who looked to be in his fifties, he was mostly bald with hair just sticking out of his sides, and he had small round glasses on his face. Although he was not one to seem intimidating just from looking at him. When he spoke, his words gave a certain feeling of trust. 
 Inside the monitoring room, he was the only one wearing a lab uniform rather than a military one. 
 "Bring up the information on the big screen in front of you." He ordered. 
 They did as asked and managed to pull up a small video. It was of a black flying object that had entered the planet's atmosphere. It looked to be slightly injured even before arriving on the planet. 
 "There are meant to be no Dalki in this area, this is near the start of the Solar, the Dalki's planets were mostly at the back." 
 The Dalki and Humans shared the planets in this specific solar system. When they had entered half of the planets had already been conquered by them, while the other half remained empty. Although not at war with each other currently, the two were at a race with each other to see who could conquer more planets. 
 Each planet had several different resources, and that included the different beasts that lived on there. 
 From time to time, this would still cause friction between the two, and a fight would break out. That was why the large observation tower was built in the first place. In case any of the Daliki ignored their upper command and decided to attack. 
 "Send a message out to Daliki station, ask them if it's from any of their known battalions and tell them we'll get rid of it at all costs." 
 "Yes, sir!" 
 "Also, inform the military base, which is in charge of the planet get them to send someone to deal with this immediately." 
 "Will do sir." 
 **** 
 Out on the desert, the black smoke was now rising into the air more ferocious than ever. It looked like a signal was being cast and could probably now been seen for miles out in all directions. 
 Although Ben had told his friend to go ahead and run away, they both stood there. As the Dalki got out from the ship, they felt like their eyes couldn't leave such a powerful being for even a second. 
 The Dalkis were a lot taller than an average human but not too big that they looked like giants. This one, in particular, stood around 7 feet tall. However, their body frames where different. Just like humans, they walked on two feet and had two arms, but their muscle structure was magnificent. 
 Nearly every muscle fibre on their body could be seen. 
 Just like the humans as well, they wore beast gear to increase their power and right now this one had only a set of bottoms and boots on. While his top part was open and free. 
 The Dalki were a race that looked similar to dragons in human myths, only more human. They had scale-like features running from the side of their body running up to the top of their neck. Their eyes were slightly pointed and more oval-shaped, and their hands were shaped like claws with a tail sticking from its behind. 
 As Ben looked at the Dalki, he noticed that it had a single spike coming from the back of its spine. This was good news as they had learnt the fewer Spikes they had meant, the weaker they were. Every time a Dalki went through a type of evolution, a new spike would appear on its back. 
 Yet this one had only one, meaning it was the weakest a Dalki could be. 
 "Maybe we have a chance!" Ben shouted. "It's too late to run now but if we face it together." 
 As expected from a half-human – half-beast type creature. The Dalki were overall just better than humans in every way. They were faster, stronger and even more intelligent. Ben knew they had no chance if they turned their back, so there was only one option. 
 Ben reached for his club on his back and pulled it out. 
 "Are you ready, Hugo?" He asked. 
 After asking his question, no words were heard, and a few seconds later, a thud sound was heard. As he turned his head, he could see his friend's body lying there in the sand, dead. 
 Ben didn't even know what happened. 
 Out of fear he charged in with his club held in his hand and used all his strength to smash down at the beast, but with a single hand, the Dalki grabbed the club and then crushed it to pieces. 
 It came as a shock to Ben for he had the ability of super strength, he was five times stronger than an average human yet the Dalki was able to block his attack with ease. 
 "This place stinks!" The Dalki said. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 128 Going back 
 The two girls continued to walk through the desert. There were no signs of footmarks in the sand as the wind would quickly blow it away, so the only thing they could count on for where they were. Was the map and the trail of black smoke in front of them. 
 "Wait up! Erin slow down, It's really hot out here." Layla complained. 
 While Layla was struggling with the heat and wanted to walk at a standard pace, it seemed like Erin was power walking through the desert. It was to the point that if she was walking any faster, she would actually be jogging. 
 "I can't let them take our crystal, if they hand them in and we lose our points then that means we could lose our place at number one." 
 "So what? It's not worth risking our lives over, even without those we should still get a pretty good position. Why do you need to be number one so much?" 
 For the first time, Erin had paused and stood still in the sand. Her fist was clenched and just as she was about to say something, she bit her lip to stop herself. 
 "Come on, we're not too far off." 
 By now the black smoke had covered most of the view in front of them. It was hard to make out where it was coming from. But what they did know, was that there was far too much smoke for it to be someone else's ability and they were in the desert. 
 'There wasn't a lot of things that could be caught on fire, so just what on earth was making that much smoke?!' Layla thought. 
 Then as they were walking Layla suddenly sped up as she spotted what looked like a small black spot in the sky, as it got closer she noticed it looked ball-shaped and saw that something was dripping from the bottom of it. 
 "Hey what is that!" Layla asked. 
 "I don't know, it might be someone's ability or something," Erin replied. "Maybe you can catch it." 
 Layla planned to do just that. Before the object could hit the ground or come towards them she would try to stop it in the air. Although Erin was also prepared in case the object was too heavy for Layla to control. 
 Finally, when it was a few meters in the air, Layla managed to stop it and slowly brought it over to their location. But a few seconds later, she forgot about everything and immediately dropped the object onto the floor. 
 A thump sound was heard and it rolled onto the sand towards them, with it a trail of red was sinking into the sand. 
 "That was definitely a head." Layla said with her voice all shaky. "I'm not seeing things, right? It was a head?" 
 "Was it a beast, or maybe something else even, it could even have something to do with the black smoke," Erin said calmly. 
 "How are you not affected by this. Come on we need to get out of here. Our lives are worth more than some stupid crystals!" Shouted Layla. "Let's get back to the well and tell the others." 
 But Erin stood there deep in thought. 
 'If its an intermediate beast and I use my full strength I should still be able to take it out?' She thought. 
 "Now is not the time to be playing games, look Erin, I like you and usually I would just leave someone as crazy as you here but I'm telling you we have to go." Layla continued, despite the silence. 
 But then, in the distance, a tall figure could be seen coming towards them. Its tail slowly moving to the left and right. 
 "What is that?" Layla asked. For the first time, Erin didn't seem like her confident self. In fact, Layla had never seen her back down from a challenge. Even when Vorden was facing off against one of the big four. Although she said she was weaker, she had never displayed a hint of fear. 
 However, right now she was different. She had crossed her arms over her body, hugging herself and shivering in the desert heat. 
 "Mommy please save me." She said ever so quietly, that the only words Layla could here was mommy. 
 Now that the creature was even closer Layla could finally see what Erin could see. It had appeared many times in many textbooks as they grew up. Constant videos had been shown to them of their appearance all throughout their school life, it was a Dalki. 
 But it wasn't alone. As it walked it seemed to be dragging something along with it. 
 "Oh? is that another two I see." The Dalki said. 
 He then looked at Ben's body which he had been dragging with him, it now had no head but the rest of its limbs were still intact. He placed his foot on the body and pulled on the arm ripping it from its socket. 
 "It's a bit closer than last time, but it's not as easy to throw." The Dalki aimed at the two in front of it, leaned back and speared the arm through the air. 
 It left at an amazing speed and power that it seemed like the wind around it was having no effect. 
 Seeing the arm coming towards them Layla knew this one was too fast for her to slow down with her ability. They barely managed to dodge it, with Layla pulling Erin away from the area. 
 "Erin, we're getting out of here." Drawing her hand back she slapped Erin across the face leaving a red mark, as she spoke. 
 But it seemed to have worked. Erin was no longer shaking and she knew the danger the two of them were in. 
 "Ice path!" She created an ice path in front of her and then formed blades below her feet. 
 "Do you know how to ice-skate?" Erin asked. 
 "No." 
 "Then hold on." Lifting Layla onto her back Erin started to skate down the ice path at amazing speed. Every time they would reach near the end of the path, she would extend the ice in front of her. It was several times faster than the two of them running and they were able to create distance between the two. 
 "The best thing to do would be to head to the shelter and get another ship." The Dalki thought. "Those two girls were probably heading for the shelter. If so, it would be bad news if they warned everyone before I got there. I guess I better stop them." 
 Unluckily for the two girls, if the Dalki knew they were not heading for the shelter, he perhaps would have left them on their own. Their destination was actually for the Well, hoping to warn Vorden and the others. 
 Not only that but the Dalki was actually blocking the path back to the shelter. 
 They could go around but it would take too long and Erin was afraid the Dalki had already set its eyes on them. So, the only option she felt like she had, was to rely on Vorden. 
 **** 
 Chapters will go back to 2 Upload times one at 00:00 China time and 10:00 Am China time. 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 129 My Family 
 After the droid had finished patching up Peter, it went back into the suitcase-like form that it previously had. Vorden placed it back in the bag and decided to carry both him and Peter over to the other building which hadn't been destroyed in the struggle between Peter and Ben. 
 There was no bed in the second building but it was better than staying outside in the heat of the desert. Vorden was currently looking at Peter who was bandaged from head to toe. The little droid had even performed stitches in areas that had an open wound. 
 Although it wouldn't matter too much once they found someone with a healing ability. They would be able to heal Peter up properly and then there wouldn't be any sign that he had received any damage. 
 "Did we go too far?" Vorden said to himself. 
 "Too far, are you kidding me?" Raten said, "You seem to be forgetting that this person basically sent us off to our death." 
 "Raten, don't you remember why we were created?" Vorden asked. "Perhaps Peter was going through something similar to Sil, and it was only thanks to us that Sil was able to cope with it all. Have some sympathy for Peter." 
 Just then Peter started to move a little in his sleep, until eventually he opened up his eyes and slowly lifted the top half of his body off the ground. He touched his sides when he noticed he wasn't hurting as bad as before. 
 "I would move slowly if I were you," Vorden said. "Most likely the robot injected some type of morphine or other painkillers into your body… you probably aren't feeling the pain right now but the hurt is still there. Just lie down and rest for now." 
 Peter did as he was told and laid back down on the floor. Looking at Vorden's awkward face Peter couldn't tell what he was feeling and started to talk. 
 "I know you hate me, and you have every right to, but I feel like I need to get something off my chest," Peter said. 
 Vorden continued to look away, avoiding eye contact, he wanted to seem disinterested even though he was interested in what Peter had to say. 
 "I didn't choose the school or the bullies over you two like you might be thinking. I chose my family over you two. You see I have an older sister, or maybe I should say: I had an older sister. My family wasn't as rich as you can probably imagine, but they wanted us to have a good life. They saved up every little bit of credits they could and they finally managed to purchase a level three ability book for my sister, just before sending her off to the military. She was the hope of our family and they wanted her to become a decent traveller. But in her second year of military school, she died on an expedition. It was a big shock to us all, but it was an even bigger shock for my parents. It seemed like their life started spiralling down from there. There was no way they could afford another ability book for me. They told me not to worry, not to try and work hard like my sister for fear I would perish as well." 
 "But I wanted them to lead a better life so when I came here I promised myself I would fill the shoes that my sister once had, the only option left for me was to take the Earth ability from the military and to try and level up by being loyal to the military, the only thing I didn't realize was the crazy things they would ask me to do." As Peter finished his story he let out a sigh of relief, it felt like a weight was lifted from his shoulders. 
 "Sounds like you had a good family," Vorden said. "You should have listened to them, what do you think would happen if you were to die? Trust me they are a lot happier with you alive, no matter what living conditions they were in, rather than you being dead." 
 Peter then lifted himself from the ground and looked at Vorden. 
 "I realize that and that's why I said I picked my family over you guys. I didn't mind becoming a builder or something, as long as I would be able to support my family, but then they started targeting me, threatening me on this expedition. I knew what happened to my sister so I thought the same thing would happen to me." 
 "Was it Earl and his underlings?" Vorden asked. 
 "How do you know about Earl?" Peter asked. 
 "I know what they had done to you Peter, and trust me they got what they deserved. I did a lot more than break their fingers and they won't ever bother you again." Vorden said while smiling. 
 When Peter heard those words there was a strange look in Vorden's eyes, combined with that creepy smile. It was sending a tingle down his spine and all he wanted to do was to get as far away as possible from Vorden. 
 'Ah, yes I still remember those screams, they were lovely.' Raten said to Vorden. 
 "No, I mean they were a part of it, but it was someone bigger, someone, near the top." 
 Vorden then went over and grabbed Peter by the shoulder. 
 "Who?! Peter tell me! Was it one of the teachers, or even one of the Sergeants maybe? I saw them going into the second year building so I know it has to be someone from that department." 
 Vorden wanted to make whoever was in charge, pay for this. They had not only targeted him but got others involved as well. He had heard that some military schools were bad but clearly something was amiss in this one. It was different than his brother had described to him. 
 Peter paused for a second as he was unsure whether he should tell Vorden or not, he knew the second he did Vorden would be involved in this but at the same time it was too hard going through everything alone, Vorden also scared him, he wasn't sure what to do. 
 Vorden looked at him in a strange way, this made Peter feel scared and made him start to talk. "It was…" Before Peter could answer. Screaming could be heard from outside. 
 "VORDEN! PETER! QUINN!" Layla shouted at the top of her lungs. 
 The two of them immediately headed outside and could see Layla being carried by Erin who ice skated through the desert. When the two of them had finally reached their destination, Erin collapsed into the sand and Layla had fallen off her back. 
 "Are you okay?" Layla asked Erin. 
 "I just used up all my power, I don't think I can help in the fight," Erin said. 
 Erin had used up all her strength to get her and Layla out of there as fast as she could. She had managed to create quite the distance between them and the Dalki but she knew she hadn't outrun the enemy. She could still consistently feel the pressure right behind her. When they looked over one of the sandhills they could see a figure coming towards them. 
 "What happened, are you running from the people who stole the crystals?" Peter asked with a worried expression on his face. 
 "No, it's a Dalki." Layla said, the fear was written on her face. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more info, link in the synopsis. 

 
	 Chapter 130 Fighting the Dalki 
 Further in the desert, Quinn was plodding away in the loose sand, walking back towards the water well. Beads of sweat were dripping from his forehead, they landed in the sand and dried up faster than he could take a single step. Luckily he hadn't gone too far away from the well. 
 The problem was that he felt very weak, and he started to feel weaker by the minute, this made him move slower and slower. 
 'Perhaps bearing the sun's heat was not such a good idea' He thought. 
 Even though his stats were better than those of a normal person, he actually felt weaker than a normal person would. The only reason he could think of to explain this, was that the sun seemed to be stronger on this planet than it was on earth and on the Red Portal Planet where it was night for half the year. 
 His MC points had now nearly fully recovered, and he couldn't wait to finally cast his shadow cloak. However, just before he could activate the skill, Quinn received a worrying message from the system. 
 [Long exposure to the sun has been confirmed] 
 [Your body has been weakened further] 
 [All stats will now be reduced by 80 percent] 
 "What is this!" Quinn shouted. "80%?!" 
 At that moment, Quinn had fallen on his knees as his whole body gradually started to feel weaker. Moreover, he started to feel a slight tingle on his skin. It felt as if the surface was burning, and now his skin was incredibly itchy nearly all over. 
 "What is happening to me? System! Help! Please explain!" Quinn shouted to himself. 
 "You're a vampire now." The system replied. "Don't you remember reading all those vampire fantasy books? Of course, if you stay outside and expose yourself to the sun for too long, there will be bad effects." 
 "What happens if I stay in the sun for too long?" Quinn groaned with a worried look on his face. 
 "Well, your stats would continue to decrease further and further, until eventually, POOF!" The system said casually, as if this didn't bother the system at all, like it was of no consequence to it. 
 "Well, I can't take this any longer, I don't want to find out what POOF! means." 
 [Skill activated shadow cloak] 
 The shadow at the bottom of his feet began to slowly surround him, travelling from the soles of his feet all the way to the top of his head. Eventually, he was like a blur of shadow under the radiance of the sun. He became like a human figure made out of shadows. 
 While this skill is activated, it's hard for other people to spot him, and it worked best within the darkness or among the shadows. In the desert however it made him stick out like a sore thumb. 
 Quinn felt his energy slowly returning back to normal, and now he could use his body like how he could do it normally. 
 [Stats have returned to normal] 
 His MC points hadn't fully recovered, Quinn wasn't bothered bout this, he was returning to the safety of his group, Erin and Vorden could protect him until his MC points fully recovered. In the meantime, there was no need for him to use his abilities in battle. So, for now, he didn't worry about it too much and try to catch up to the others as quickly as possible. 
 **** 
 "A Dalki, are you sure?" Vorden asked. 
 However, before the others could even answer him, they suddenly saw a black figure flying in the sky. It was coming in their direction, landing right in the centre of the well at an incredible speed. It crashed into the large metal machinery, causing it to break apart. 
 Dust and sand kicked up everywhere, blocking the Dalki's landing place from view. When the specks of dust and dirt that arose started to settle, the Dalki standing right in the middle of the wreckage, could be seen. 
 "What is this junk." The Dalki said as he lifted a piece of metal that had broken off. "This is not a shelter." 
 Then, the Daiki looked up at the people who had led him to this place. He could see four students standing in front of him. 
 "You should tell me where the shelter is, now." The Dalki said, pointing to the piece of scrap metal besides Layla. 
 "M-mm-mee me?" She stammered. "I-it-i-it's over th-there" She pointed, but she couldn't help but stutter her words as she was shivering in fear of the creature. 
 "Thank you, but I'm afraid no one can know that I was here." He then straightened the piece of metal in his hands with his claws. Then, using his fingertips, he sliced the top half of it to create a makeshift spear. 
 "I must not fail my mission." He said as he chucked the spear towards the students. 
 Vorden immediately arrived in front of the group and conjured an ice barrier. 
 "No! That won't be enough!" Erin said while still lying on the ground. She then lifted her hand and helped Vorden cast another wall behind it, making it as thick as possible, using the last bits of her power. 
 The makeshift spear crashed through the first ice barrier, it slowed it down slightly, but then it began to pierce through and hit the second wall. 
 "I need to help." Layla thought as she focused her mind, doing her best to slow down the spear's movements. 
 Also, Peter rushed forward to where the ice wall was. 
 "Peter what are you doing, watch out!" Vorden shouted. 
 "I can help too!" Peter shouted back. Just behind the second ice wall, Peter placed both of his hands on the ground and in that spot, a piece of earth started to slowly rise, eventually creating a third barrier. The spear continued to go through each of the three walls until its head poked through the earth wall. Then finally, the spear had stopped moving. 
 "Oh! Looks like they've finally started to train you earthlings a bit, I see." The Dalki said. "Perhaps we need to start waging this war again before you earthlings grow even stronger." 
 "Sil! We need your help now!" Vorden said. 
 "No!" Sil shouted back. 
 "If you don't, we will all die." 
 "You said you would take me to see Quinn. I don't even see any Quinn around here! Why would you lie to me? Are you lying to me like all the others?" Sil asked. 
 "Just ignore the brat!" Raten said. "Let me take over. We don't have time." 
 Vorden immediately left the chair and allowed Raten to take over. 
 The Dalki then rushed forward, and at that moment, Raten placed both of his hands on the ground and a trail of ice materialized, heading straight for the Dalki's feet. 
 "Hey ugly!" Raten shouted at the Dalki, in an attempt to provoke it. "When that ugly thing stops moving, fire all the arrows you have at it!" He shouted to Layla. 
 Although Layla didn't like the sudden change of tone in Vorden's voice, she didn't have time to complain. 
 The trail of ice eventually reached the Dalki's feet. However, it didn't even slow the creature down for a second. As the ice touched its feet, it continued to run forward, breaking the ice with sheer power. 
 Layla didn't know what else to do, so she fired an arrow at it anyway. She tried to change the direction of the arrow with her powers to make it unpredictable, but it seemed like the Dalki was paying no attention to her at all. 
 In the end, she aimed the arrow to go directly into the Dalki's thigh. However, the arrow simply bounced off, not even leaving a scratch on it. All Layla had was some standard steel arrows that were only as hard as regular bullets, it seemed that she would at least need beast arrows to inflict a wound on a Dalki. 
 "Damn it!" Raten shouted "Let's have some lizard barbeque" Using both of his palms, he fired a huge stream of fire towards the lizard. Utilizing both of the abilities together, the flames grew large and larger until they covered the whole area where the Dalki was. 
 They couldn't hear any more footsteps from inside the blazing fire, because of this the group thought that the attack was a success. But then, the intensity of the flames started to decrease at an alarming rate as if they were being sucked away by something. 
 All of the flames were flowing towards the Dalki like it was a vacuum, travelling in one stream directly towards the Dalki's mouth. 
 "Thank you for the meal." It said. "I haven't had anything this tasty in years." 
 "It's hopeless." Erin said. "It's too strong. We're all going to die." Erin was shaking in fear the same way as she was shaking earlier, and even Vorden had a concerned look on his face. 
 [Skill activated Shadow Void] 
 The area around them started to be encased in a dark shadow. The group looked confused as they had no idea what was going on. 
 "Is this the Dalki's power?" Layla asked. 
 "No, I've never heard of something like this." 
 The Dalki himself was equally confused like them. Just what was it that was surrounding the entire area with them in it? 
 **** 
 Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more 

 
	 Chapter 131 The perfect counter 
 The black shadow started to surround all of them. It slowly encased the group until finally, the whole area around them was filled with purple shadows. 
 "Damn it! We're all going to die." Layla said. 
 But then Erin noticed that the Dalki was also looking around in confusion at the shadows, as if it was something unknown to it. "No look, it seems like the Dalki is just as confused as we are, that's probably why it's not attacking us right now." 
 It wasn't unusual for someone to be afraid of the unknown, and right now, the Dalki was seeing something it had never seen before. It got into a crouching position and was prepared for whatever was to come. 
 Its senses were telling it something was in the shadows with them, something other than the four in front of it. Then from behind a claw-like shape of red lines came flying towards the Dalki. It turned around, sensing the power in the attack it lifted both of its arms to protect itself, and it placed its arms in an X-shape right in front of its face. 
 The lines of power had hit it, but the attack hadn't done much damage, just as it was about to look up, four more of the same attack came at it. It quickly held up its hands, it was strongly relying on its hard skin to block the attacks. 
 Although the attacks didn't hurt the Dalki, for the first time in a long while, it had been pushed back from its position by an attack. 
 When it pulled its arms down, it was surprised to see what looked like another student standing in front of it. "Oh, so it was you?" It said. 
 It was a young Dalki who had only met a few adult humans on its journey, but not a single one had given him any trouble or manged to even make him move back with their strongest attacks, the same could be said for any beast that had attacked the Dalki. But here on this safe little planet, it had encountered a young human who had done just that. 
 As soon as Quinn had released his first attack, his shadow cloak had disappeared and this had revealed him to everyone, the problem was he was low on MC points. He had 90 when he first used the shadow cloak, by the time he had arrived, he only had 80 MC points left. 
 Then when he had cast the shadow void skill, it meant he only had 30 of his MC points left, and he needed to use them wisely. 
 He had also used shadow equip to put his equipment on his hands and feet. 
 "Is that Quinn!" Peter shouted. "What's with this power? I don't understand." 
 Then Erin spotted that Quinn's watch, to her surprise it currently displayed the number six. "His ability requires more MC than mine, does this mean this Shadow circle his doing? Was he hiding his strength this whole time?!" She shouted. 
 "He must have had his reasons," Layla said. "But right now, he's going up against an enemy I think even he can't deal with." 
 Layla didn't know what to do, at this point her arrows were useless and couldn't even be used as a distraction, because the Dalki would just ignore them. Erin had run out of MC, and Peter was far too weak to be of any use. So right now the only one that could help them was Vorden. 
 "Please, help Quinn" Layla begged. "You two have to fight it together." 
 Vorden wasn't the one in control, but Raten was. 
 'How is the little one doing?' Raten asked. 
 'He is still sleeping,' Vorden replied. 
 'So it looks like I'll have to deal with this one.' Raten said. 
 The Dalki then went and picked up another piece of scrap metal from the ground that was part of the Well's machinery. Although the roof and area were covered in shadows, the same couldn't be said for the ground. 
 The crumbled building and the broken metal pieces remained scattered everywhere. After picking up a piece of metal, it used its claws to once again turn the metal into a spear. 
 "I'm assuming I can't get out of this bubble that you created, so I can't run away." The Dalki said. ���Otherwise why would you waste so much of your power creating it." 
 Of course, the Dalki doesn't know about Quinn's problem with sunlight, actually the sole purpose for Quinn to block out the sun, is so he can fight at his full power. 
 "Let's see how strong you really are!" The Dalki shouted, as he chucked the spear-like object towards Quinn. It went lightning-fast and was similar to the one that required all four of the others to block before. 
 "No, there's no way he can block that on his own!" Layla said. "We have to help." She shouted. 
 Peter stayed by Erin's side while Vorden and Layla rushed towards Quinn, but the spear was going too fast, and they hadn't been able to take a single step before the spear reached Quinn. 
 [Shadow Control] 
 Using his Shadow Control skill, Quinn was able to create a black circular shield. 
 "That won't be strong enough," Erin said, looking up from the ground. "It took all four of us to stop it before, why doesn't he try to dodge it?" 
 But for Vorden seeing Quinn's action made something click in his head. 
 The spear flew going at lightning speed until the tip had touched the black circular shadow, at that moment the spear looked like it had stopped in mid-air. However, Quinn and Vorden knew that it was only moving ever so slowly through the shadow. 
 Once the spear slowed, Quinn moved to the side, he took the shadow away and allowed the spear to continue moving forward and out of the shadow void. 
 "This is perfect," Vorden said. 
 Quinn's shadow ability was nearly a perfect counter to the Dalki. The enormous amount of strength meant nothing. No matter how powerful the attack was, it would be slowed down, because Quinn's shadows blocked attacks in a different way from how other abilities did. 
 In a way, Quinn as a vampire was the perfect counter to the Dalki. 
 Vorden continued to run forward while Layla took cover somewhere off to the side. It was clear that for the moment the Dalki was stunned by what he had just seen, and this was their chance. 
 Vorden threw an ice spear at the Dalki, it shattered into a million pieces once it hit the Dalki's body. However, it did catch the Dalki's attention, which was what Vorden was aiming for. 
 Knowing the Dalki was able to eat fire, it left Vorden only with 2 options, to use ice and telekinesis to fight the Dalki. 
 "You are boring!" The Dalki said. "I'm far more interested in that one." Ignoring Vordens weak attacks, it dashed straight forward heading for Quinn. 
 Seeing this, even if Quinn was to use the wind walk ability on his boots, he wouldn't be able to outrun the Dalki. The only thing he could do was fight, but what could he use. The blood swipe, although powerful did no damage, which was problematic. 
 "Hey, Brat!" Vorden shouted. "Its skin is too tough, use an attack that can hurt it on the inside." 
 'On the inside?' Quinn thought. He now knew exactly what to do. 
 When the Dalki was a few meters away, it leapt up into the air with its claws out and with both of its hands above its head, ready to smash down. Quinn quickly placed the shadow above himself, allowing both of its fists to sink into the shadow. 
 [MC 20/100] 
 The Dalki could feel its attack slowing down as soon as it touched the strange shadow-like substance but by using its considerable strength it was able to pull its hands from the shadow. The problem was with every physical attack, Quinn would lose MC points. He needed to finish this fight fast. 
 The Dalki was quick on its feet and didn't allow its first unsuccessful attack to distract it. It threw out a straight kick at Quinn, and once again Quinn stopped it with his shadow shield. 
 [MC 10/100] 
 'His attacks are so strong, I can only take one more.' Quinn thought. 
 Quinn needed an opening and just defending wasn't going to do it. The next thing he was going to do was very risky, but it was the only option he had. As the Dalki threw another punch towards him, Quinn moved the shadow and wrapped it around the Dalki's fist. 
 [MC 0/100] 
 The shadow void started to disappear, and Quinn only had a few more seconds before the sunlight would hit him. Quinn could see the Dalkis other hand coming straight at him, he looked the Dalki in the eyes. 
 [Skill daze] 
 Even though the Dalki was a strong opponent and the skill was likely to fail. There was always a slim chance that it might work. 
 [Daze successful, your opponent has been stunned] 
 But for Quinn's next move he would need more time then the Daze would allow. He flash stepped behind the Dalki and prepared all the motions for the hammer strike. As he finished his movements, he added blood spray to the last part, turning it into the most powerful attack he had, Blood hammer. 
 As Quinn's fist hit the Dalki's hard back, vibrations and a wave of air had been sent out from around the two of them, the Dalki still hadn't moved from his spot. But after a few seconds, he fell down on one knee. 
 This was Quinn's answer, an internal attack. 
 [You are being hit by sunlight] 
 [Al stats have been reduced by 70 percent] 
 When Quinn thought everything was over, a large fist had come out of nowhere swinging out and hit him right in the ribs sending him flying through the air. 
 [Critical hit] 
 [Your ribs have been broken] 
 [12/65 HP remaining] 
 The Dalki stood up from the ground and smiled wiping away the green blood from its mouth. 
 "I'm not done with you yet, boy." 

 
	 Chapter 132 Blood Bowl 
 My Vampire system Chapter 132 
 For a moment everyone's morale was increased, for the first time they had a glimmer of hope again, when they saw the mighty Dalki fall to the ground. They didn't know why Quinn was so powerful, or why he was hiding it before, and frankly they didn't care because all of them only had one thought on their mind. 
 'I want to live!' 
 After seeing that powerful attack from Quinn, they felt that they might survive this after all, but that happy feeling didn't last for long. A few seconds after the Dalki had fallen to the ground, it sent Quinn flying with a single swing of its fist, Quinn was flying right into the other building, the one that was still intact. 
 As Quinn hit the building, his body crashed through the wall, and he fell to the floor. 
 "Is he okay?!" Peter shouted. 
 "That guy can take a lot more hurt than that," Vorden said. "Trust me, I know from experience. Something like that isn't enough to kill him." 
 Layla looked at the sky, she immediately realised there was something else they needed to be concerned about. As long as Quinn had a steady supply of blood, he would be fine, but right now, something was holding him back from using his full powers, of course, she meant the sun. 
 Now she realised why Quinn had cast a shadow surrounding them all, and how he was able to fight so well even though the sun was still up. Looking at the sky, she noticed that it was finally starting to set, the colours were fading from its bright yellow to orange. It would only be a matter of time before it would finally be night on this planet. 
 "We need to get to Quinn!" She shouted to the others. 
 However, her cries were useless, no one moved forward, including her. She wanted to go in and help him, but stepping in against such a powerful foe, was like committing suicide. 
 "Now that was impressive!" The Dalki said with a smile on its face. Its teeth were now on full display, they were a little strange compared to regular human teeth. It looked like those of a crocodile, each tooth was razor sharp and they overlaid one another. 
 "I heard there were something called 'martial arts' the earthlings use. I never believed it could be something useful, until just now. You actually managed to bypass my hard skin and hurt me from the inside." 
 As the Dalki began to walk over to where Quinn was, something strange was happening on its back. The single spike on its back started to pulsate and glow with a slight blue colour. "Did you know, the more a Dalki gets hurt, the stronger they get!" It said with an evil grin on its face. 
 The others could tell that it wasn't bluffing, they could feel a strange energy coming off its body every time the spike on its back would light up. 
 When the Dalki tried to take another step forward, it felt something akin to a force field that was pulling him back and slowing him down. This made its movements felt incredibly sluggish. 
 'Is it coming from the kid from earlier? But that's impossible he hasn't moved since he tried those ice spears.' The Dalki thought. 
 "Crazy boy!" Layla yelled, looking at Vorden with both of his hands stretched out. 
 "What is this ugly dinosaur trying to do?" In the black room inside Vorden's mind, both Vorden and Raten were no longer in the seat, Sil had taken over. "Are you trying to take Quinn away from me?" He yelled. 
 The Dalki then turned its head slowly using its strength and saw Vorden standing there. "The boy from earlier, but how did he get so strong. He wasn't like this before. You earthlings are nothing like we were told, and you're not even adults, you're just students." The Dalki said. 
 The whole situation was filling the battle crazy Dalki with happiness. 
 The others were amazed at how powerful Vorden's telekinesis powers were right now. But this was because he was using all the MC points from his other abilities and had it all focused inside the telekinesis ability. 
 At that moment Quinn was just lifting himself off the ground. He was so badly hurt he had no choice but to use his Blood bank. 
 [100 Millimetres of blood used] 
 [50 HP has been restored] 
 [63/65] 
 [Blood bank is now empty] 
 As soon as the blood was consumed, his body started to heal almost instantly. The healing was much faster than when he allowed his body to heal on its own accord. But there was another problem, the ceiling of the building he was in had collapsed, it was letting the sun in, and it was hitting him right now, making his movements extremely sluggish and decreasing his power. 
 "Vorden, how long do you think you can hold him?" Layla asked. 
 But Sil didn't reply. His own name wasn't being used, and he didn't talk to strangers much in the first place. However as powerful as Sil was, he was unable to completely stop the Dalki's movements. It continued to use its brute strength to power through the telekinetic field and was now walking towards them. 
 At the same time, she saw Quinn lifting himself off the ground and the sun continuing to set behind him. 
 'Even if it turns to night, how is Quinn going to be able to fight such a thing? It's just too strong.' Layla thought 
 Then she seemed to recall something Quinn had told her in the past. That he seemed to get stronger with each person's blood he drank. Layla didn't know the exact details but anything they could do to tip the scales in their favour she would be happy to do right now. 
 She knelt down to Erin's side and asked her for a favour. 
 "Erin I know you're weak right now, but do you think you could make a bowl of ice for me. I know it sounds weird, but you need to trust me." 
 Erin's was completely exhausted you could see it in her face. It clearly wasn't just from using her abilities, the whole scenario was affecting her mentally as well. She didn't reply back to Layla but lifted both hands and ice started to form eventually creating a small bowl of ice. 
 The next thing Layla did, she didn't even bother asking for Erin's permission, she grabbed one of the arrows from her quiver and used the tip to make a small cut on the palm of Erin's hands. The strangest thing was, that Erin gave no reaction what so ever, which proved that something was seriously wrong with her. 
 Then using the bowl of ice, she allowed for the blood to drip into it. Once there was a good amount of blood, she continued to do the same using her own blood. Next up was Peter. 
 "I have no time to explain Peter, but if you want to live, let me do this!" Layla said with a strange look on her face. Peter had no intentions of going against her order and allowed for his blood to be put into the bowl as well. 
 The Dalki was continuing to move towards them, and the sweat was running down Sils face. 
 'This stupid dinosaur's strong' Sill said to Vorden and Raten. 
 "We know, but don't give up, just a little longer!" Vorden shouted. "Just hold on until the sun goes down." 
 "Sil, think of everything that ever annoyed you, pretend it's that stupid things fault!" Raten cheered. 
 The words of encouragement from the two empowered Sil to continue fighting, and he was doing his best to hold the Dalki back. 
 Suddenly, Layla appeared by his side. "I know you're busy keeping the Dalki at bay, but I need your help, it's for Quinn." She said. 
 The bowl was almost full, Layla didn't know how it worked or how much she needed, but she had to do something. Using the arrow, she created a small cut on the back of Vorden's leg, allowing it to slowly seep into the bowl. 
 When the bowl was finally full, she started to make her way towards Quinn. 
 "Just what is that girl doing?" The Dalki thought, but for now, it would have to ignore her. Right now he had a bigger pain in the backside, it was the boy who was controlling his movements. 
 "Quinn, are you alright?!" Layla asked as she came rushing over. 
 "Yeah, I'm fine, I was just waiting for the sun to go down. I'm not much use while the sun is out, but it looks like Vorden managed to delay him." Quinn answered. 
 They both looked at the sun and the faint bit of light that was left. As the sun continued to go down, strength was returning to Quinn's body. 
 "Here drink this?" Layla said as she handed over the bowl full of blood. 
 "What is it?" Quinn asked. 
 "It's all of our blood, I thought it could help you in some way." Said Layla. 
 Quinn had yet to drink the blood from, Vorden, Erin or Peter so right now the blood would give him three extra stat points. He was unsure in what, but right now he needed everything he could get, to turn the tide. 
 He took the bowl and gulped it down in one go. 
 [65/65 HP] 
 [Blood bank has been filled] 
 [2 points have been added into agility] 
 [One free stat point has been added] 
 A row of messages had appeared giving Quinn a smile on his face, but the last one was the best of them all. 
 [You are no longer affected by sunlight] 
 [All stats have returned to normal] 
 ***** 
 If you want the same for next week Remember to vote. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release 
 And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more 

 
	 Chapter 133 Shadow blood 
 After consuming the blood in the bowl, Quinn felt like a new person. His blood bank was filled, and his whole body was now fully healed. But best of all, the sun had finally disappeared behind the horizon, and it was now night time. 
 "I can't hold on any longer, I'm too tired," Sil whined. The struggle against the Dalki was too much for him. He wasn't fighting obsessed like Raten, so he gave up control and left Vorden in charge once again. 
 Vorden was the weakest of the three and only knew how to use one mind and one ability at a time. As soon as he and Sil had switched places, the pressure that the Dalki felt was immensely weakened. 
 The Dalki could suddenly move one foot in front of the other again, the amount of force it felt being exerted on itself, was like nothing compared to before. 
 'I thought this one was special but looks like all he could do was delay me a bit!' The Dalki thought. 
 Quinn seeing this happen, knew he was in trouble. He had gained two agility points bringing it up to 18 and then with the boots this made 22. Seeing the Dalki head towards Vorden, Quinn felt like he had to quickly decide what to do with his free stat point. 
 He put the free stat point into agility without hesitation, it now brought his agility stat up to a total of 23. Then using all the speed he could, and activating his boots Wind Walk ability, he rushed over to where the Dalki was. 
 Regardless if Vorden was in trouble or not right now, he would have put his points into agility. The Dalkis strength was too great for Quinn to match, and although it was fast, it wasn't faster than Quinn, he could follow its movements. 
 With the extra stat points and his boots active, he would be able to dodge the Dalki's attacks, although just barely. 
 Moving at an incredible speed, Quinn managed to cover the distance from the building to where the others were in only a few seconds. As soon as he was in range, he cast another blood swipe. The attack ripped through the sand and was heading straight for his target. 
 The Dalki pulled his head back at the last second, and the attack skimmed right past its nose. 
 It turned its head and looked at Quinn, seeing that the boy was in perfect condition. 
 "But how is this possible? I'm certain you should be on death's door by now." The Dalki said. 
 At the same time, Vorden had collapsed onto the floor. All of his energy and MC points had been used. "It's up to you now, Quinn." He said. "Good luck." 
 The Dalki charged towards him, and as it did, Quinn could feel the blood and adrenaline rushing through his entire body. He was in a state of absolute concentration as he waited for the Dalki's attack. 
 A swing was made to for his head, Quinn ducked down and threw out a punch performing blood spray at the same time, taking advantage of the close range. The attack managed to push the Dalki back a few steps away from him. 
 [60/65 HP] 
 The fight continued in this fashion with Quinn avoiding each of the Dalki's attacks, and whenever it would get too close, he would use his blood abilities to push it away. 
 Slowly but surely his HP was starting to get lower bit by bit. 
 [48/65 HP] 
 "What's he doing?" Erin asked. "His attacks are too weak, he's not hurting the thing at all why doesn't he use the same attack as before?" 
 "I think he's stalling for something," Vorden replied, now sitting on the floor with the others. "But for what, I have no idea." 
 Quinn had to be absolutely sure not to get a hit from the Dalki. Not only were his attacks crazy powerful, but if he got even a tiny scratch on him, the ability from the boots he was wearing would deactivate, which would slow him down a lot. 
 But after dodging for a while, his boots had deactivated anyway as the skill time then wore off. Another claw was coming at him, and it looked like he was about to get hit, he had no choice but to perform the flash step and appear directly behind the Dalki. 
 'Damn, I can only use the flash step one more time, any more and I'll get worn out.' Quinn thought. 
 But the Dalki was getting equally frustrated. 
 "You little Keenan, I will squash you." It lifted up both fists and smashed them into the ground, causing a crater to form and rubble to lift off the ground. 
 It didn't seem like an attack made to hurt anyone. The rocks just lifted into the air and quickly fell back to the floor. It was actually just a way for it to let out a bit of frustration. At the same time, it had another effect on everyone, it once again showed the might of the Dalki. 
 Quinn had taken a few steps back away from the Dalki and quickly opened up his status screen. 
 [MC points 40/100] 
 This was what Quinn was waiting for, he was waiting for his MC points to return so he could use the shadow ability again. Since it was night time, there was no need for him to use the Shadow void skill. Unfortunately though while the skill was active his MC points would not return. 
 This whole time Quinn was doing his best to dodge, focusing all his energy into avoiding the Dalki's attacks, waiting for the right moment. Now he could finally use his shadow abilities once again. 
 In truth, he wanted to stall a bit longer to gain more of his MC points back, but continuously dodging was getting far too risky. 
 When the Dalki looked up, it was surprised to see that Quinn was the one coming towards it. 
 "So you've finally decided to attack, I see!" It shouted. 
 Quinn flung his hand out with his fingers held together, casting a single Redline of aura. Then before it could move away from him, the shadow underneath his feet started to move. 
 The shadow reached out and grabbed the Blood aura holding it in place, and now the other end of the shadow was attached to Quinn's hand. 
 To the others, it looked like Quinn was wielding a large red and black scythe. The black shadows reached into his hand while the curved blood aura acted as the blade held tight by the shadow. 
 The two opponents were still quite a distance away from each other, but Quinn still swung out the shadow scythe. 
 Seeing this, the Dalki wasn't afraid, it was slightly confused actually, as the scythe wouldn't be able to reach him. Suddenly, as the scythe was swung outwards, it seemed like it was starting to extend. 
 As Quinn swung it too his side the shadows extended and the red aura part manged to hit the Dalki right on its side. It was pushed back a few feet and at the same time could feel a stinging pain, when he looked down, he could see a large cut had appeared where his ribs were, and green blood was starting to leak from the wound. 
 This was what Quinn had been practising the whole week in Logan's room. A way to combine his shadow skills while also using his blood skills and after countless trials and errors, this was what he had come up with. 

 
	 Chapter 134 A sacrifice 
 Whith Quinn's new attack, combining his shadow control with the blood swipe, had hit the Dalki's body. It had shattered and disappeared just as his normal blood swipe would. 
 [47/65 HP] 
 [35/100 MC] 
 Combining his shadow skills with his blood skills allowed him to create a more powerful combination skill. Connecting the shadow to his blood swipe allowed him to also add his own strength to the power of the blood swipe. The shadow made it possible for the attack to be flexible, moving it about freely. 
 This would also add extra force and momentum into the attack making it more powerful and increasing the range of the attack beyond the five meters that was blood swipe's natural limit. 
 There were only two problems Quinn still had to find a solution for. If the shadow holding the blood swipe was hit, or if he wasn't fast enough, the blood swipe would escape from the shadow's grasp. The other problem is that when the attack hit it would disappear, so he could only use it once. Of course, using the shadow for an attack also used MC points, but there was nothing he could about that. 
 The Dalki's blood continued to drip from its side and fall into the sand, but now the spike on its back was pulsating faster and glowing brighter. 
 Seeing the Dalki injured and bleeding made Quinn feel excited, he charged forward once again. 
 "Come on, attack me again!" The Dalki shouted. 
 And Quinn did just that, this time casting a Blood swipe up in the air before grabbing it with his shadow. He then swung it from above right down on top of the Dalki. 
 The attack was faster than the Dalki had predicted, it could only barely get its arms up in time to block the attack that came at it from above. 
 The attack was a success and had caused the Dalki to fall onto the ground. Its forearms were dripping with green blood, but it ignored its wounds. It just stood up once again and charged forward. 
 'Is that Dalki an idiot?' Layla thought. 'I had always heard they were smart. Some minds even greater than ours, but why does it just keep running forward.' 
 At this point, even Quinn was starting to worry, his attacks were clearly working, but the Dalki was acting in a strange way. For now, there was nothing he could do about it. He went to attack once again with his shadow scythe, only this time the Dalki managed to jump and avoid the blow. 
 "Did it just get faster?!" Quinn said. 
 "You seem to have forgotten." The Dalki said, "I told you already the more we are hurt, the stronger we become." The Dalki made a fist above its head and threw it down towards Quinn's face. 
 Quinn had no choice but to move his shadow to block the fist-attack, but the Dalki immediately used a kick to his side which was too fast for him to be able to move the shadow to defend against. The attack hit and he was thrown to the side, his ribs were broken once again. 
 [3/65 HP] 
 [Blood bank has automatically been activated] 
 [53/65 Hp] 
 While in mid-air Quinn's body started to heal and his bones went back into place. Putting both his hands in the sand, he tried his best to slow himself down and eventually came to a halt. 
 "I can't win," Quinn said. "Even with my full power, it's still too strong." 
 "Snap out of it Quinn!" The system shouted in his head. "You only became a vampire a couple of weeks ago, and you think you can already take out an enemy like this. You will grow in due time, but the important thing right now is to survive." 
 But how was he meant to survive? His blood bank had been used up, the only answer he could think of was he needed more blood. If he could get to where the others were, and he filled up his blood bank, maybe he could keep firing out his blood attacks till the thing died. 
 The cooldown on his boots had reset, and once again, he could use the wind walk skill. He rushed towards the Dalki who was coming toward him. As it did, Quinn could see the big smile on its face as if it was enjoying the fight, He also noticed the horror on the faces of the others. 
 "I can do this! I have to do this!" Quinn shouted. 
 Running forward and not changing his direction, he went straight ahead, then just as the Dalki was prepared to attack— 
 "Flash step!" 
 He used his skill, allowing him to avoid the strike and go right past the Dalki. He continued to run straight ahead and was heading for the others. 
 During the fight between the Dalki and Quinn, Layla made her way around the fight and joined with the other three. All of them were watching with in silence, with awe on their faces. 
 'What is he doing?!' Layla thought. 'Should we run, is that why he's coming towards us?' 
 "I need blood!" Quinn yelled. "I can't fight the Dalki like this, I need more blood!" 
 Layla didn't ask any questions and immediately started to make another cut on the palm of her hand, and Erin had already formed another ice bowl. Erin didn't know what was happening but whatever Layla had done last time had made Quinn stronger, and Quinn was now their only change to survive. 
 But when they all looked up, their faces had dropped entirely, for the Dalki was already right behind Quinn. Not only had its strength gotten higher but so had its speed. Everything about the Dalki had improved. 
 It was too late for Quinn to notice, and the Dalki was already mid-attack. Quinn had never suspected the Dalki would grow so much during the battle, but it seemed like what it had said earlier was true. 
 The fist flew forward and penetrated right through flesh and bone, going straight through his body and out to the other side. 
 At this point, Quinn had finally noticed that the Dalki was right behind him. He was too focused on obtaining the blood Layla had gathered, he had failed to realize what was happening behind him. 
 Bright red blood could be seen dripping onto the ground with a fist through his body. But it wasn't Quinn's body that was penetrated. The person who had been hit, was Peter. 
 "Quinn…" Peter said weakly, coughing out blood that filled his mouth. "Please…Forgive... me." His body fell to the ground and hit the soft sand, his blood continued to soak the sand turning it red. 
 In the moment Quinn needed help the most, the only one brave enough to step up and come to Quinn's side was Peter. However, it came at a terrible price… 

 
	 Chapter 135 Blood Ritual 
 As Quinn saw Peter's body hit the ground, a certain reality had hit him. He had seen people die before. In fact, he was even the case of many. But this was the first time that someone he knew personally had died. 
 But what upset Quinn more than anything, instead of what happened to Peter, was another thought altogether. This thought was… 
 'Look at all that wasted blood.' 
 Fortunately though, that quickly changed as he soon realized what had occurred. 
 "Peter!" he shouted. 
 "When did he get over there?" Layla asked after hearing Quinn's shout. 
 "I was too busy looking at Quinn waiting for him back here," Erin replied to her question. 
 "The same goes for me. He must have started moving towards Quinn as soon as he saw the Dalki," Vorden said. "But why did this happen after what we were just talking about? You had a family that cared for you." 
 The Dalki looked at Peter on the floor. 
 "That's quite noble of you. A society should build itself on sacrificing the weak ones to preserve the strong." That's exactly how the Dalki does it. He was selfless, and his sacrifice allowed the stronger human genes to be passed on. 
 "It's a shame though…since you will all be dying with him." 
 'This was it,' Quinn thought. As the Dalki came closer to him, he had run out of trump cards. His MC had been used and all he had left was his original skills. 
 "I'll kill you!" Quinn shouted. "Even if it means killing myself!" 
 Opening both palms, Quinn soon ran forward. When he felt that he was close enough, he shot out a blood spray from one hand. The Dalki would slightly flinch in response to this as his foot shifted back a little. 
 [48/65 HP] 
 Usually, these attacks wouldn't inflict any damage. But although he got stronger the more he was hurt, that didn't mean his defence increased. He had been quite severely damaged by Quinn's Shadow Scythe attacks. 
 Another spray of blood fired out again. 
 [43/65 HP] 
 Quinn wouldn't let up and rapidly fired out multiple blood sprays. 
 "Hey! It seems to be working!" Layla shouted out. 
 But in contrast to Layla's words, Vorden wasn't too sure. He didn't know how Quinn's attacks worked for he hadn't told the two. Also, he wasn't sure if he was imagining things or not, but every time Quinn used that attack, his face seemed to grow paler. 
 [38/65 HP] 
 [33/65 HP] 
 "I'll kill you!" Quinn shouted. "And once I'm done with you, I'll suck out your blood until you're nothing but a walking skeleton!" 
 He continued to shout out words of abuse, but he himself wasn't really sure what he was saying. Fortunately, a nice surprise came to him amidst his combat. 
 [Blood Spray has levelled up!] 
 [Blood Spray is now Lvl. 2] 
 As Quinn shot out the new and improved blood spray, the power seemed to push his arm back even more as the spray's range grew further as well. As it hit the Dalki this time, its wounds seemed to be opening up as more green blood was leaking out of it than before. 
 [28/65 HP] 
 [23/ 65 HP] 
 Now that the two of them were a distance away, the group ran up on Peter to check up on him. They then moved his body and allowed him to lay on his back. Surprisingly, even though he had such a big wound, he was still breathing. 
 "What do we do?" Layla cried out." He'll bleed to death like this. Can't we use the robot?" 
 "No, the robot wasn't meant to patch up injuries like this," Erin replied. 
 "It might be best if we kill him here," Vorden said all of a sudden. 
 The two girls looked at Vorden with expressions of shock. They couldn't believe what they had just heard. 
 "Look. I know what Peter did against you two was wrong, but can't you just forgive him?" Layla shouted back in response to Vorden's words. 
 Vorden shook his head as a reply. 
 "You're mistaken, Layla. I already forgave Peter a while ago. I'm just saying this for his sake," he soon said. "Look at him, he's in pain. He's been bleeding for the last two minutes, and at most, he only has another three before he's completely gone. It'll be more peaceful to get rid of him now." 
 But the group didn't have time to decide for they were distracted by something else. Whenever Quinn would use the blood spray, a sound similar to a small shotgun would be heard, but the sound had suddenly stopped. 
 When they looked over, they saw Quinn kneeling down on one knee while the Dalki was still standing, but green blood was oozing from the multiple wounds on his body. 
 Quinn hadn't paid much attention to it, but he had unfortunately run out of stamina. With the increase of firepower in the blood spray, it also took up more energy to use it. Right now, it seemed that he had overexerted himself. Sweat was dripping all over his body while all of his muscles cramped up. 
 He looked at the Dalki that was still standing, unbelieving that it was still alive after it had received so much damage. 
 The Dalki soon started walking over while Quinn looked at it directly in the eyes. 
 [Daze] 
 [Daze skill uneffective] 
 And just like that, the last thing he could do had been tossed out the window. 
 "Damn it! If Peter can go forward, then at least I can as well!" Vorden shouted all of a sudden as he charged in with what little power he had left, but all of a sudden, a large metallic object went flying right by Vorden's head, landing directly between Quinn and the Dalki. 
 "You kids get back! Get out of here now! That's an order!" This sound echoed from the object that just landed, and all of them found out what it was straight away. It was a mech. 
 Quickly soon after, another Mech had landed right next to that one. It did not take for the Dalki and the mechs to be engaged in combat after that. The mechs had humungous strength and were equivalent to that of the Dalki they were currently facing. 
 The only problem was, they were still clunky and not as agile, but the others noticed that it would take a while before the Dalki was able to destroy them. 
 "Come, Quinn!" Vorden yelled, putting Peter on top of his shoulder. "Let's get out of here!" 
 And with that, the two of them went over to where the others were by Peter's side. Right now, his face was much paler than before, and not to mention, his eyelids were drooping as well. 
 Quinn knelt down by his side and looked at him in the eyes. 
 "I'm sorry, Peter. You saved me." There were no tears in his eyes like the others, but there was a hint of melancholy in his voice. 
 But then, just as he said these words, a voice was heard from the system. 
 "If you wish to save him, you must act quickly," the system said. 
 "I can save him? But these wounds are impossible to heal with no healer around." 
 "That is indeed the case, but if he was no longer human, and a supply of blood from each of you, he would be able to overcome this fatal wound. As long as his heart and the core of his brain is not damaged, then he will live. You have the choice, but you have to decide fast, whether to do so or not." 
 [Would you like to activate the blood ritual?] 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! 
 Please remember to vote for another one next week. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Extra Chapters 
 Rank 2 = 6 Extra Chapters 
 Rank 3 = 4 extra Chapters 

 
	 Chapter 136 Cursed Family 
 The system had given him an option at the most crucial time whether to make Peter into a Blooded one or not. If the system had just asked him out of the blue, then Quinn probably would have said no. Peter had betrayed them, and although he might not do it again, there was no way to be sure. 
 He would have much rather Blooded Layla or Vorden when the time was right. The two of them had done nothing but help him out during these times. 
 But right now, it wasn't about loyalty, it wasn't about what was right or wrong but about whether or not Quinn wanted to save his life. 
 Surely becoming a vampire was better than dying, right? 
 "I'll do it!" Quinn said. 
 [Yes] 
 After confirming he wanted to make Peter into a Blooded one, a new screen had appeared in front of his face. One that had given him detailed instructions. 
 "Quinn, what's up with your eyes?" Layla asked. 
 Quinn didn't know it himself, but as soon as he had accepted to activate the skill of his blood ritual, his eyes started to glow. Faint red circles were seen around the iris. Similar to when he activated his Influence skill. 
 Right after, he started to follow the instructions one by one. 
 [Please proceed by inserting the Host's blood into the mouth of the target] 
 Quinn unequipped his equipment and placed it back into the dimensional space. Then using one of the tips of Layla's arrow, he inflicted a cut on his hand, creating a brand new wound. He held his hand just above Peter's mouth, who was now barely breathing and allowed for the blood to drip in. 
 It touched the tip of his mouth slowly started to fall inside his body. His fingers that were once unmoving now started to twitch, and a warm feeling had started in his body. 
 Inside the blood cells from Quinn's could be seen latching on to the blood cells of Peter's and slowly, they were all starting to change throughout his body. 
 Peter's eyes then opened wide, and now he had red rings around his eyes. Quinn couldn't quite explain it, but for a moment, he could feel a connection with Peter and could see what was happening inside his body. 
 "Quinn this isn't enough, the transformation has only just begun, but he now needs the blood of the others to live." The System shouted. 
 "Guys, please, I need you all to do the same," Quinn asked. 
 Just then, Peter's body started shaking uncontrollably. His wound still hadn't healed, but he was moving as if he was back alive once again. Quinn quickly grabbed both of his hands. 
 "Someone hold his mouth open!" Quinn shouted. 
 Vorden quickly moved to the top of Peter's head and held his mouth open wide. It was a struggle as Peter swung his head left and right. "What's happening to him, Quinn?! It's like he's turned into a crazy beast!" 
 Just as he said those words, he started to realize what was happening, the look on Quinn's face said it all. Quinn was going to save his life by turning him into a vampire. 
 The others did as instructed, and each one squeezed out the blood from the previous wound they had made before, re-opening them. 
 Finally, a result. The wound around Peter's stomach started to heal as his cells slowly patched them together. It was at a speed unseen unless one was to use a healing ability. 
 "What magic is this?" Erin said out loud. 
 But the other two had a concerned look on their face as they knew exactly what was happening. Peter started to struggle less and less until he eventually calmed down, and his eyes were finally closed. 
 "Is he still alive?" Layla asked. 
 Vorden then placed his head onto Peter's chest, and for a while, a heartbeat wasn't heard, but then ever so faintly he could hear a beat. 
 "I think so?" Vorden said, half confused. Then when checking his breath, they realised he was indeed still alive. 
 At that moment Quinn received another message. 
 [The ritual was a success!] 
 [The human has successfully been blooded 1/2] 
 [A Vampire Ghoul has been created] 
 [A new family has been created] 
 [What would you like to name your family?] 
 When seeing the notifications, there was a couple of things that had surprised him, and Quinn wanted immediate answers. But the first thing he needed to do was get rid of the screen in his face which wanted him to name his family. 
 "Family?" 
 "Now that you have turned someone, he falls under your ranks, he has your blood, so he is a part of your family. Every Vampire that turns someone has the responsibility to look after their family." The system explained. 
 Right now Quinn could only think of one thing, although he had gotten stronger thanks to the ability, he now relied on one thing, blood. Without it, he didn't know how he would survive. 
 If he went two days without a human by his side, then what would he do? He couldn't eat the blood of beasts or animals, and if he started fighting using his blood abilities, it would only cause him to rely on it even more. 
 [Family name: The Cursed] 
 This was how Quinn felt at this moment and time. 
 Just then a loud crash was heard, as the group turned their head they could see a Dalki on top of one of the Mech's ripping off one of its arms. It was covered in more blood than before, and it no longer looked human but just that of a pure beast. 
 "Well, well, looks like we lucked out and it's only a single spike." A voice was heard from behind the group of students, and when they turned to look, they could see Leo standing there. 
 Although he didn't look like his ordinary self—usually he would be wearing his military uniform and have his katana by his side. But right now, he had a light set of Black and Red Beast gear on, and his chest had the design of a Japanese demon. An Oni with horns. 
 "There will be no need to call the others, or use my soul weapon for something like this." 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! 
 Please remember to vote for another one next week. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Extra Chapters 
 Rank 2 = 6 Extra Chapters 
 Rank 3 = 4 extra Chapters 

 
	 Chapter 137 Green blood 
 At the second military base inside one of the schools, another meeting was taking place. Once again, the Head General wasn't present, leaving Nathan and Duke to deal with things. 
 "There has been a report of a Dalki ship crash landing on the planet Caladi," Nathan reported. At that moment, the first-year sergeants had expressions of shock on their faces. "Don't worry. It seems to be a stray ship from somewhere. The tower made communications with the Dalki, and of course, they said it was a member who had gone rogue." 
 "Damn those Dalki!" Duke yelled, slamming the table." Every year, they keep pushing and pushing into our territory." 
 "Luckily, it only seems to be a single ship, so at most, there will be two there. Of course, the tower has asked us to send…" 
 Before Nathan could even finish his sentence, Leo stood up from his seat and bowed down in front of Nathan. "Please allow me to go. Those students are too young to experience something like this, especially on their first outing. They must be protected." 
 Nathan was quite shocked to see Leo suddenly volunteering. Usually, when something like this occurred, no one would willingly go and risk their lives against the Dalki. Hearing this made Nathan wonder if the rumors were actually true. 
 That for some reason, Leo had a stronger grudge against the Dalki than most people. Or perhaps, he just really cared about the students. One thing was for sure though. He was sure that if they were to send Leo out, then there would be no need to send out any of the other teachers or sergeants. 
 As long as the Dalki had no more than three spikes, then Nathan was confident in him. "Well, I guess the matter is settled. Fay, Hayley, I want to two of you on standby just outside the portal for their return. If any back-up is needed, then you go straight through. Hayley, heal anyone who needs immediate medical attention." 
 The meeting had ended like that and everyone did as they were asked. Leo quickly put on his gear while the two girls waited outside the green portal. "It seems like Del's class is having it tough this year," Hayley said. 
 "I couldn't agree more, its almost as if bad luck has been following them around wherever they go," Fay replied. 
 Leo was eventually ready, unhesitatingly entering the portal soon after. 
 ***** 
 The shelter had responded to the emergency response and had closed all shelter gates. No citizens were allowed to leave the shelter at the moment without military clearance. Two mechs had been sent out to look for the Dalki, with both of them arriving at the crash site. Unfortunately for them, there was no sign of the Dalki. 
 This was the reason why it had taken so long for the Mechs to discover the students and the Dalki. But once the Mechs had discovered their location, they were able to tell Leo exactly where they were. 
 "Men, fall back!" Leo shouted. 
 The two guys in the mechs did as ordered. The Dalki was holding onto one of the Mechs' arms and the guy had no choice but to allow it to be ripped off to break free. Afterward, they immediately backed away and went by the students' side. 
 "Another one," the Dalki said as he saw Leo walking towards him with his hand on his sheath. "You really are germs to this whole universe, look how many of you there are on this planet already." 
 The Dalki looked like he was heavily injured, but that didn't fool Leo. Using his ability, he could see the strong aura emanating off of him. The Dalki had not given up just yet. 
 "Why do you fight us?" Leo asked. 
 In response to his question, the Dalki ignored him and went in for a strike. Leo responded to his actions by pivoting forward and using a quick draw, pulling out the katana from its sheath and putting it back in an instant. 
 The Dalki felt nothing as his arm had been cleanly sliced off. There was no resistance like everything else before had, it was as if the sword was able to ignore all attributes. 
 The arm went flying up into the air and landed a distance behind Leo while green blood spewed out from the open wound. 
 "You!" The Dalki pointed with his other hand. "I know who you are! The others had warned me about you!" Unfortunately for him, before he could even finish talking, its head had also been cleanly cut off. 
 "Was this the only one?" Leo asked. 
 For a moment, the students had forgotten to speak as they were too amazed at what they had just seen. The thing they struggled to defeat with all of them combined was killed just like that. 
 "Um…yes. That's the only one we saw," Layla replied. 
 The two mechs soon ran forward and went down on their knees. "Thank you for protecting us, Sergeant Leo." 
 "Don't thank me," Leo replied. "Thankfully, the Dalki was already on its last legs. You two must have done a good job in injuring the Dalki before I got here." 
 The two soldiers looked at each other in response. They knew that their skills hardly had any effect on the Dalki. In fact, they hadn't even managed to land a hit even once. Nearly all of the wounds that were on the Dalki were on it before they had even gotten there. 
 'It couldn't have been the students, could it?' they simultaneously thought. 
 If Leo was able to see the expressions on their face, he too would have realized that they were not the ones who had injured the Dalki. 
 Leo and the two soldiers were busy inspecting the Dalki, seeing if they could find anything indicating why he was here. 
 While they were doing that, the others were still tending to Peter, making sure he was okay. In contrast, Quinn's attention was focused on something else. 
 His eyes were fixated on the Dalki's hand that was not too far away from them. He started walking over and Vorden soon noticed what he was looking at as well. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Dalki: A half-human, half-beast race] 
 "Half-human, half-beast?" Quinn looked at it with a confused expression. Aren't the Dalki aliens? Although he was curious about this, he inspected the arm, only to confirm something else. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Dalki blood] 
 [Consuming the blood will have unknown effects on the host] 
 "System, do you know what the Dalki blood will do?" Quinn asked. 
 "No," The system replied rather bluntly. "But I will tell you this. If it did any harm to your body, the system would warn you." 
 Quinn then walked over to the arm and dipped his finger in the green blood. He sniffed it a little at first. It had a sweet scent with a hint of mint in it, reminding him of toothpaste. 
 'Should I?' Quinn thought. 'The system said it wouldn't hurt me, right?' 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! 
 Please remember to vote for another one next week. 
 Rank 1 = 8 Extra Chapters 
 Rank 2 = 6 Extra Chapters 
 Rank 3 = 4 extra Chapters 

 
	 Chapter 138 The assesments end 
 Looking at the green blood Quinn was unsure of what it would do. The system had already confirmed it would have no negative side-effects. Or at least it wasn't poisonous. However, it came as a surprise to Quinn that the system didn't know what it did. 
 Unless it was keeping information from him, which again was possible. But if the system was telling the truth, did that mean none of the old or current vampires ever interacted with the Dalki race? But then how did the system know of beast weapons. 
 Everything was suddenly getting confusing for Quinn as the timelines just didn't make sense. Humans had discovered the use of teleporters and the Beast planets in this solar system only once they had fought with the Dalki. 
 The portal technology was originally there's to begin with. 
 Yet the vampires had never heard of them, yet still had access to beast weapons. Right now it was clear that Quinn didn't have all the pieces of the puzzle, and just thinking about it would give him a headache. 
 "Well, here it goes." The temptation was too much. Quinn imagined anyone in his situation would have done the same thing. As the blood touched his tongue, a mint sensation entered his body. Similar to toothpaste, it wasn't nice, but it wasn't exactly bad. 
 As it went down his throat, a weird tingling sensation could be felt in his body and then, it started to spread all over as if his body was on fire. Right now, Quinn wanted to do anything to let out the energy. 
 [Level 1 Dalki blood has been consumed] 
 [A 10 percent increase in all stats. Will last one hour] 
 The tingling feeling Quinn felt through his body was hard to describe and the buff that he got form obtaining it was amazing. It wasn't a set amount like those before it, but a percentage increase. Which meant as long as he got stronger the buff increase went up along with it as well. 
 Quinn looked at the arm again and thought if there was any way of him taking it back with him. Unfortunately, it seemed like non-living matter was unable to enter the Dimensional space. 
 When Quinn was back at the school, he decided to do some more tests. First, he had placed a flask into the space, and the object had gone in fine. Then using some blood he had obtained from Layla, he had placed it into the flask and tried to put it into the space again. But it refused to go in. 
 Once taking out the blood it would go in again. Quinn then did some more tests by trying it on certain animals and other things, and it looked like any type of living matter, including plants were unable to be stored into the space. 
 It was a shame, but he was unable to place the arm in the space. But by that time. Leo and the other two were already done with checking out the dead Dalki body. 
 "These two will escort you back to the school. Make sure that all your injuries are dealt with." 
 "Back to the school!" Erin complained. "What about the assessment." 
 "It's cancelled, all the students in the shelter have already gone back to school, and anyone outside hunting has been brought back," Leo replied. 
 At that point, Erin knew there was nothing she could do, but wait for the school to make an official announcement. 
 As the others walked off with the soldiers, Leo grabbed on to Quinn's wrist. 
 "It looks like you stayed true to your word, and you protected them," Leo said. "I guess you are on our side after all." 
 Quinn didn't know what to say back, Leo's sudden words were a surprise to say the least. But as Leo looked past Quinn, he noticed Peter. And he looked slightly different and had a slight tint of purple to his aura similar to Quinn. 
 Although Leo had never taught Peter before, so he was unsure whether Peter always had this aura or not. "I'm still keeping my eye on you two," Leo said. "But for now, go rest." 
 Quinn quickly rushed off and followed behind the others, but he couldn't help think back to the words that Leo had said. He was keeping an eye on us two. If he wasn't sure about it before he was sure about it now. Leo knew he was different, and he could tell Peter was now to. 
 But looking at Peter, Quinn was even unsure of what he was himself. When going through the blood ritual, Quinn had assumed that Peter would be changed into either a Vampire or a halfling like he first was. But instead, Peter had turned into something called a vampire ghoul. 
 Just then, as the group continued to carry Peter on their shoulders, it seemed like he was starting to wake up. 
 "Hey, Quinn get over here!" Layla shouted. "It looks like he's waking up." 
 As he opened his eyes, Vorden and Layla slowly allowed him to stand on his own two feet. 
 "What happened?" He asked. 
 Then images started to flash through his head of jumping in the way to save Quinn. He quickly looked down at his stomach and noticed a big hole where his uniform should have been, but his stomach didn't have a single mark on it. 
 "I think you should talk to Quinn, once we have the time and this is all over," Vorden replied. 
 "Anyway, how are you feeling?" Layla asked. 
 "I'm feeling good," Peter replied. "Better than usual actually, although I am a bit hungry." 
 As Peter said those words, the three of them looked at each other. 
 ***** 
 Somewhere in an unknown place in a large room, there was a large rectangle table that stretched out far and wide. On the table, there was a total of thirteen seats, and each one had a person sitting in them, all apart from one. 
 It was a mixture of men and women, and they all looked all sorts of ages, but they all had one thing in common as they sat in their seats and that was their red coloured eyes. 
 Behind each of the seats was a single purple coloured flame just behind them up attached to the wall and behind the empty seat there was one that had been lit up as well. 
 A single man sat at the head of the table and started off the conversation. 
 "As you can all see, the flame has been lit above the 10th chair." 
 "Does that mean he's back? But I thought he had died" Chatter started amongst the twelve in the chairs until the head spoke once again. 
 "No, I believe he managed to somehow find a someone before he left this world and they have officially blooded their first, creating a new family." 
 "But why now, it's been a hundred years!" A female shouted 
 "I don't know but what I do know, is we must find this new family and bring them in as soon as possible. Make sure they uphold our laws and if not. We shall get rid of them all." 
 End of Arc 1 
 ***** 
 We unlocked 8 chapters for next week's mass release. Want another one, then remember to vote! 
 Rank 1 = 8 Chapters 
 Rank 2 = 6 Chapters 
 Rank 3 = 4 Chapters 
 Arc 2 will begin tomorrow. 

 
	 Chapter 139 A Curious Boy 
 Inside a near pitch black training hall, a certain boy was creeping his way forward towards a door. He stood just outside the entrance, then he stuck his head through the door and peeked into the room, looking around to see if anyone could spot him. And just hovering above him was something that looked like a miniature bull, a little larger than a human's fist. Although this one also had tiny wings and two large fangs on the front of his face. 
 "Did you spot anyone Ham?" The kid asked. 
 "No, but are you really sure we should be doing this, you could get kicked out of the family?" The little flying bull replied, fluttering around in the air. 
 "As if that could ever happen. My dad's one of the thirteen family leaders, and I'm the one that's going to be his successor." The boy then walked into the large hall with Ham following in the air closely behind him. 
 With his gelled back black hair and his dark clothing it was nearly impossible to spot him at night, but there was one distinctive thing that stood out about the boy, it would allow you to see him in the dark even if you were quite a distance away. It was his glowing red eyes, which gave the boy away as a vampire. 
 His name was Fex, and today he had come to the hall inside his family's castle for one reason, to go to the human world. 
 On his back, he carried a relatively large backpack, packed with all sorts of things. Clothes, toothpaste, a brush and all sorts of essentials. After all, he didn't know how long he would be visiting the human world for. 
 Just then out of his backpack, Fex pulled a small silver ring which had ten crystals embed on the inside and all around. He lifted the ring into the air before kissing it. 
 "I have to thank you again Blood evolver wherever you are, because of you I can finally leave this place." He then placed the ring on the ring finger of his right hand and was finally ready to go. "Come on Ham, hurry up." 
 "Wait, I think I hear someone!" Ham said. 
 Just as Ham said it, the sound of footsteps could be heard. Fex quickly looked around the hall which was filled with square-shaped machinery on the floor, each spaced an equal distance from each other, the gap between each one was quite far. 
 Quickly rummaging through his backpack, Fex pulled out what looked like a piece of paper. "Come on, where is it, I need to remember that access code!" But the nerves were getting the better of him, and his fingers fumbled as he dropped the piece of paper onto the floor. 
 "Fex there right there!" The bull said now visibly sweating. 
 "Well, let's just hope I don't end up somewhere too bad!" Fex then rushed over to one of the square machines on the floor and tapped on top of the machine. A bright display lit up, asking for an access code. 
 "Please input the correct access code for your destination." 
 He closed his eyes and tried to remember one of the numbers form the piece of paper, but he struggled to remember which one led to where. In the end, he had to just go for it and type in the only one he could think of. 
 "Acess code accepted." 
 The contraption started to open, and mechanical sounds could be heard. 
 From the hallway, one of the guards who was roaming could hear the mechanical sounds coming from the room. 'Is someone using the teleporters, I don't remember an outing planned for today?' The man thought. 
 He quickly ran into the room, and just then, he could see Fex standing in front of the circular teleport device. 
 "Fex what are you doing? Don't go in!" the man shouted. 
 Fex turned around and looked up at the man, he gave him a huge smile before saluting the man. He grabbed Ham and jumped backwards into the teleport circle. Once Fex had gone through, the machine had automatically closed down on its own. 
 "I knew that kid always did crazy things, but this has just gone too far." The man said. "I must report this to the family leader immediately." 
 Meanwhile, inside the teleporter, Fex mind was being distorted, and all he could see around him was a bright array of different colours. "Ham, you need to transform, the humans will have a fit if they see you flying above me!" 
 A small puff of black smoke appeared around Ham. When the black smoke went away, it was replaced with what looked like a black dangling earing, it was round at the top with a little symbol of a bull on it. In contrast, the dangling bit was long and rectangular on the bottom. Fex quickly grabbed it before putting it on his right ear. 
 "Finally, here I come, bye dark gloomy world!" Fex yelled excitedly. 
 Just then the tunnel of colours around him seemed to end, and now something felt like it was dragging him through to the other side. 
 When Fex had opened his eyes, he found himself in a large dome-like building with digital signs going all across the walls showing all sorts of advertisements. But the biggest one of them all was one that said welcome to Toklon City. 
 'I finally made it.' Fex thought. 
 Fex was currently inside what was known as a City station on Earth. In the centre of the city was a large circular device that glowed a bright white colour and every so often people would appear from it. 
 Several different people were coming through, some wearing building equipment, others in suits, and some were even travellers wearing beast gear. City stations could usually be found on most shelters on other planets, large factions also owned them as well as the top corporations. 
 There were two types of city stations, an arrival station and a departure station. The departure stations were usually filled with all types of checks. Even those that were privately owned would receive regular check-ups form the human federation, they would even send their own guys to work as security. If it didn't meet a certain standard, then it would simply be put out of commission. 
 And of course, at each of these stations was an access code that needed to be imputed. This access code was usually given to only a couple of people who worked at city stations. 
 Fex couldn't help but stare around and look in amazement at the place. 
 "Can you believe it Ham!" Fex said. "We made it, and there are so many humans. They look nearly the same as us, although there are some incredibly ugly ones." Fex said a little too loud. 
 The people around him started to give Fex strange looks as they heard him say those words, but at the same time, they couldn't help staring at him. Although he was a teenage boy who looked around sixteen, they could feel a certain charm pulling them in. 
 "Fex, you need to suppress your abilities," Ham said. 
 "Oh that's right, I nearly forgot!" Fex closed his eyes and focused, letting the aura that was surrounding his body shrink inside himself. Suddenly the people who were looking at him no longer felt an urge to stare." 
 Unlike the departure station, the arrivals station didn't have much security checks, apart from a few guards who stood by the doors to the exit. After all the checks were done on the other end and only when they sure it was safe, would the access code be inputted. 
 There were also several people that seemed to be waiting for their loved ones. 
 Fex headed for the exit as if he didn't have a worry in the world, but just as he reached the exit, he could see the doors to the outside where the sun was glaring. "Time to put this ring to the test," Fex said. 
 He closed his eyes and took one step out into the open sun, and nothing happened. There was no itching feeling or burning pain like when he had gone through his training. It was just the same as when he was in the dark. 
 With a big smile on his face, he continued to walk forward and started to explore the city. 
 From the city station, he was able to see the edge far away in the distance. The city was surrounded by a large wall that was nearly taller than all the skyscrapers around them. On the buildings, there were also several advertisements for different things but what he kept seeing the most, where either companies selling ability books or those that were recruiting travellers to join their faction. 
 After walking a while, Fex decided to stop by what looked like a food shop. He saw a man walk out with a bag full of food and drinks. 
 'Perhaps I can get this thing called wine, the drink my grandpa was talking about, from this shop.' Fex thought. 
 As he went inside, he started to look around the shop in the drinks section for an item labelled as wine. However, he noticed while he was walking around in the shop that others would still continually look at him. 
 "I have my ability suppressed right Ham?" Fex asked. 
 "Yes, I can no longer feel you're presence." 
 "It must just be my natural good looks then." 
 After ignoring the people giving him sideway glances, he had eventually found the drink labelled as wine. 
 "There's so many, I guess they all taste the same right?" 
 He grabbed a random bottle and rushed over to the counter, waiting for his turn. 
 "I would like to purchase this please," Fex said as he started to get out his money card. 
 "ID please." The counter clerk asked. 
 "ID?" Fex, was confused. Unknown to him every citizen of Earth was required to carry around an ID. If Fex had paid attention in his classes, then he would have known that he would obtain a fake one when he reached the age of eighteen. 
 "How old are you, kid?" The clerk said as he looked Fex over from head to toe. 
 "Sixteen, can I not purchase this drink then, I have the money," Fex said, with an innocent smile on his face. 
 "No, of course, you can." The clerk said, smiling as he proceeded with the payment as usual. 
 Then as Fex had left the shop, the clerk immediately opened up his screen and dialled the number 111. "Hello, I'd like to report someone on Bader street… yeah, it looks like a student who is committing Draft evasion… Black hair… gelled back… With an earring. He didn't seem to have an ID on him either." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release, then remember to Vote with your stones! Goals are in the author notes. 

 
	 Chapter 140 Sanguinis Family 
 Walking down the street with his backpack in his hand, Fex was smiling broadly. His grandpa had looked after him nearly his whole life and it was only a few years ago that he had decided to go into an eternal sleep and give control of the family over to Fexs father. 
 But Fex never forgot the stories his grandpa used to tell him, the countless things earth had to offer them as vampires. Of course, it had been many years since his grandpa had visited earth but the one thing he would never stop talking about was this drink called wine. 
 This was why Fex put it at the top of his to-do list when he would finally visit earth. 
 "You're being followed you know," Ham said. 
 "Yeah, I can tell," Fex replied. 
 "Did the family find us already?" Ham asked. 
 Fex started to sniff the air when he noticed that there were at least four people following them from a distance. 
 "No they don't smell like vampires, most likely they are humans. But why are they following us?" Fex said. 
 Although Fex didn't pay much attention during his lessons, there was one law that was hammered into his head. Never, under any circumstance, reveal yourself to humans. If they found out what you are you only had two options. Bring them back with you to turn them into a blooded, or kill them. 
 Right now he was sure he hadn't done anything to make him look suspicious. Although there was a law against revealing that you're a vampire, there was no such law saying anything about fighting with humans. Fex decided to turn around a corner into a dark alleyway, to confront the humans following him. 
 "I know you're following me." Fex said. "Is it because I bought this?" He lifted up the plastic bag that contained the bottle of wine. 
 "Look I know times are rough but I heard the cities were quite wealthy, if you want I can buy another bottle for you." Fex offered. 
 The two men stepped towards Fex. "Relax, we are not looking for trouble." One of them said. "We just want to confirm your age and if you have any ID on you?" The other one said. 
 "It's about my age again, what's with this place? I already said I'm 16 and about the ID I must have lost it somewhere." Fex exclaimed. 
 The two men then looked at each other. When people were trying to avoid the military draft it was quite common for them to get rid of their IDs. They would try to live their life by other means never showing their ID card. 
 But Fex looked young and he had also confirmed his age to them. No more questioning was needed, the actions they had to take where clear. 
 "Fire when you're ready." The first man said. 
 'Looks like I might have to fight my way out of this one.' Fex thought. But he knew he had to be careful not to use any of his vampire abilities. But that didn't mean he had to hold back from using his regular abilities. 
 He took a step forward and a small sharp pain was felt in the side of his neck. 
 ���What the..?" as he looked to the side he noticed that something that looked like a dart had been shot into his neck, inside the dart a green liquid could be seen. 
 "Why am I suddenly ….feeling…so..sle.." His eyes started to close and he had collapsed onto the floor. 
 The two men walked up to the sleeping boy. "Luckily he didn't have a hardening ability, I was ready to get into a scrap there." One of the men said. 
 **** 
 Back at the castle, a certain man was sitting in a large throne-like chair. In his left hand, a single glass contained a red liquid inside. While his other hand was busy restlessly tapping on the arm of his chair. 
 The man looked like the mature version of Fex, they were almost identical with the exception of the goatee that slightly covered his chin. While sitting in the chair he had a deep frown on his face. This man was Fex father Lee, Lee Sanguinis. 
 "Is there any update." He said. 
 Kneeling down in front of him were five of his subordinates. 
 "Yes Sir Lee, we discovered that Fex has arrived at the city of Toklon. Unfortunately, it seems like the humans have managed to get to him before we could sir." One of the subordinates said. 
 Just then Lee slapped his hand across his forehead while continuing to shake his head. 
 "That boy will be the ruin of this family." Lee said. "The silly boy never paid any attention to his classes, yet he always listened to my father's crazy stories. Do we know where they have taken him?" 
 "Our resources say that he was taken to one of the military bases, to be admitted into military school. When they found him they thought he was a draft evader." The same subordinate replied. 
 Lee was busy thinking about what to do. If the other families got word of what had happened then his family would become the laughing stock of the vampire community. Even more worrisome was if their secret was discovered then their family would also be punished. 
 Luckily it seemed like the news hadn't spread yet. The other vampire families were all too busy discussing the new family that had appeared. 
 Lee then looked at the five subordinates in front of him and was deciding who it would be best to send. 
 "Silver." Lee said. 
 "Yes sir." A female subordinate replied as she stood up. Just like her name suggested she had bright long silver hair that was tied in a ponytail that nearly went down to her knees. 
 "As you are the faithful Blood Knight of the Sanguinis family, I task with retrieving and returning Fex back to us. Make sure nobody knows about this. You are free to use whatever resources from the family as you see fit." 
 Sliver then bowed down once again. 
 "I shall complete my task without fail." She said, with confidence in her voice. 
 The meeting had ended and each of them had left the room, leaving Lee with his own thoughts. 
 "The human world huh, it has been a long time since I have ventured there. Perhaps this will be a good learning experience for him." Remembering his own time on earth, a rage inside his body started to consume him and the glass he held in his hand shattered to pieces. "It will be a teach him just how cruel those damn humans are to the other worlds!" 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? then remember to vote with your stones. Goals are below in author notes. 

 
	 Chapter 141 Cancelled 
 All of the students from the expedition had been gathered and were taken to the First Year Assembly Hall. They weren't allowed to go back to their dorms or put away their equipment. All they could do was talk to one another and speculate why the expedition had been cancelled. 
 Slowly a strange atmosphere started to fill the room. It wasn't normal for such a thing to happen especially so sudden like that. 
 "I saw some of the mechs from the city leave the shelter." A student said. 
 "Seriously? Why would they mobilize those things, I thought they said the highest tier of beast on the planet was an intermediate tier." 
 "Didn't you hear?" Another student chimed in. "A student spotted black smoke off in the distance in the desert. It seemed like it was coming from a ship." 
 "You don't mean—?" the student gasped. 
 "That's right, I heard it might have been a Dalki." The other student replied. 
 A head count was made, and it was made more than once. After the counting had been completed it looked like the teachers had a worried look on their face as they talked with each other. 
 Fay stood in front of all the first years, prepared to make the announcement but she was still waiting for all the information to arrive. A soldier came up to her side and whispered something into her ear, after which they did several more head counts. 
 "Are you sure?" Fay replied. "Have you checked the school, perhaps they have come back?" 
 The soldier nodded in response. 
 All Fay could do was clench her fist, the report had stated that they had found both Hugo's and Ben's body out in the desert. They were able to confirm they had died from the Dalki, however, the other three in their group were never found. 
 The only thing they could assume was that the Dalki had also killed them. The five of them were part of the group so it was the most logical conclusion. 
 "Attention!" Fay shouted. The students immediately got in line and saluted her. 
 Then a holographic screen appeared behind them. It was the scoreboard with all the teams' scores. 
 "First things first, as you may know, the expedition has been cancelled," Fay explained. "What that means for all of you, is that the points you had obtained in the first two days before the expedition ended will be your final score for this exam." 
 "What?!" Erin blurted out and she wasn't the only one. Right now their group still had all the winged lizard crystals they had obtained from Berg's group. They hadn't had time to head back to the shelter to have them counted. 
 As Erin looked at their team's position they still had the same score as before and were placed around the middle of every other group. While Berg's group still sat at the top. 
 "Enough, there are more important things than the test!" Fay shouted, calming down the chatter amongst students. "Right now there is a high possibility that some of your fellow students have died on this test. And worst of all it was to the threat we have all been training against, the Dalki." 
 The chatter started once again and this time she slammed her weapon into the ground. It caused a loud banging noise to be heard, as its vibrations bounced from the walls and echoed around the entire hall. 
 "The Dalki has been swiftly dealt with, and it seems like this was not a planned attack but a stray ship. This was an unfortunate event but these things happen from time to time. But this is a reminder to you all why we need to train so hard every single day, and I hope you will remember that. You will have the next two days off to rest, after that classes will return to normal, rest up for the night. You are dismissed." Fay said, ending her speech. 
 Immediately after Fay had left, the noise in the hall returned to its peak. The students couldn't believe what had happened and soon started to realize which group had most likely been killed by the Dalki. 
 But Erin wasn't bothered about any of that. "You!" She shouted and pointed at Quinn. "Why did you hide your strength? If you had fought with us that day instead of hiding under that umbrella we would have gotten a better score." 
 "Wait, calm down Erin," Layla said as she tried getting in between the two. 
 "I'm not happy with you either Layla, you knew all this, didn't you?" Erin frowned at her before turning to Quinn, "And what's with your strange power? How did you heal Peter? He should have died! No more excuses, I want answers for everything that happened!" She screamed. 
 Erin looked at the scoreboard once again seeing that their position was in the middle and then looked at Quinn back again only this time her face was filled with tears. "If you were that strong then why didn't you help?" Tears streamed down her face. 
 Quinn knew this whole time, from Erin's actions, that this assessment was important to her, but the way she was acting now was almost obsessive. Everyone strived to be the best or come out on top but not like this. These actions weren't normal. 
 "I think it's best if we all head back to our room," Layla said. "We can explain everything there and I'm sure Peter has a lot of questions of his own." 
 *** 
 While the first year students were being informed of what happened the three generals were having a meeting of their own. They were at the top floor of the academy and each of them was sitting at a round table in the Head General's office. The only chair that was left empty was that of the Head General. 
 Nathan, the head of the first years, Duke the head of the second years and the last general Mike who was head of communications. His job was to coordinate with the other military basis and plan either joint exercises or missions together. 
 The three of them sat there in silence, and Nathan and Duke just couldn't help having a staring match with each other. Until Duke finally broke the silence. 
 "I wonder how many of your students would have died on that expedition if it wasn't for that Sergeant Leo of yours." Duke said. "I doubt you even have the strength to take on a Dalki yourself." 
 "Are you upset because you can't bribe him to come over to your side with one of those Earth ability books of yours?" Nathan replied. "It's a pity that your tactics of recruiting only works on those weak minded fools." 
 Duke then stood up from his chair and looked like he was about to hit Nathan but at the same time, Mike stepped in front of the two. "Guy's both of you calm down, I'm telling you now, if I see an injury on you when I leave this room or when I walk around the academy, I won't be healing you, and I won't let you two go to my niece Hayley either." 
 Although Mike tried calming the two of them down, he knew most of his words would fall on deaf ears, these two had always hated each other. But then the one person who could calm them down entered the room. 
 The doors swung wide open and a middle-aged man wearing a business suit came walking in. He had neatly cut hair and a suitcase in his hand. He didn't look like he was part of the army at all. But as soon as he had entered the room all three of the men bowed in salute. 
 "We welcome the Head General!" They all said at once. 
 "Calm down, this whole situation has caused enough of a headache as it is." The Head General proceeded to sit down in his seat as he brought up an initial report for all three of them to see. 
 "We all know these odd attacks have been happening on our Beast planets for a while. It seems like these attacks are happening more frequently, but not just that, if we take a look at the Beast solar system. Every single time an attack takes place they seem to be getting closer and closer to our starting planet." 
 "Do you think they're aiming for the city station?" Mike asked. 
 "It would make sense." The Head replied. "For now I believe these solo Dalki are just sent as Scouts. They have no clue how strong we have become in this time frame and they have no clue what security measures we have but I fear this may mean, that the war will be starting again soon." 
 After speaking of these matters with the other Generals the Head General went on to speak about a few other things. It was rare for him to actually be in the school as he would often get called out for meetings, but after going through all the things that needed to be done there was one last thing he needed to mention. 
 "In a couple of weeks, we have a visit from Mr. True Dream, which means I will need you to prepare some students for him." 
 The three generals gave awkward glances at each other as they heard this piece of news. 
 "Duke, I expect you to do well like you always have." The Head General said. 
 "You can count on me sir," Duke replied. 
 **** 
 Want a mass release next week? Then remember to vote Goals are in authors note Below! 

 
	 Chapter 142 You're a what? 
 It was already night, but there was still some time left for the group to talk, before their curfew would start. Therefore they all decided to head to the boys' room to discuss what on earth had happened during the fight with the Dalki. 
 At this point, the tears had stopped falling from Erin's anxious eyes, but none the less Layla continued to comfort and reassure her along the way. Quinn didn't know when it happened, but it seemed like the two of them were now closer than ever. It was strange seeing Layla being the one helping Erin. 
 When he first arrived at the academy this was a scene that he'd never imagined he would see. The entire walk through the hallway going towards the boy's room, everybody kept silent, it was eerie. None of them knew exactly how to explain what had happened. Peter was especially curious about what had happened after he jumped between Quinn and the Dalki. 
 "Hey, Quinn." Vorden whispered, as the two of them were walking in the front, leading the group. "Are you really going to tell her everything? Can't you just keep it about the shadow ability, and forget about the other thing?" 
 "Then how would I explain what happened to Peter? How about all the blood that Layla was collecting?" Quinn replied. 
 "You have a good point, but what if she freaks out and starts telling everyone?" Vorden asked. 
 Quinn looked back at Erin who was behind him. To be honest, it seemed to him that her priorities weren't geared towards learning about Quinn or Peter, but on why he had to hide his strength from her in the first place. 
 "Actually," Quinn said. "I'm more worried regarding how Peter will react about the whole thing." 
 Eventually, they arrived at the boys' dormitory and they were all able to enter the room in peace. The three boys promptly sat on Vorden's bed while the two girls sat on Quinn's. 
 "I suppose I should be the one who starts explaining first." Quinn said while standing up, he moved towards the centre of the two groups. "Recently, as you may all know, Vorden and I had entered the Red portal planet. While we were there, I discovered a strange ability book - one that allowed me to control shadows. It was a strange book, because it disappeared the moment I learned the ability." 
 Quinn then tapped the surface of his wristwatch three times, the number suddenly changed from a one to a six, when he tapped it another three times, it changed back to one again. 
 "I knew it," Erin said. "But, why did you have to hide it from us? If you wanted to keep it a secret from everyone, we could have just hidden and hunted away from others. Because of you, we probably would've lost our chance at becoming first." 
 At that point, Quinn took in a deep breath. 
 "That's because I have an even bigger secret that I was hiding…" 
 Layla and Vorden stared at Quinn, they struggled to keep their gazes on him. They knew this must have been hard to say for him. Vorden wasn't too sure if it was the right thing to, but he had already prepared himself for whatever would come of this. He knew that Quinn was too kind-hearted to deal with this himself. If Erin wasn't going to keep it a secret, then Vorden would be the one to do something about it. 
 "I'm a vampire," Quinn said, looking at Erin and Peter with a nervous look on his face. 
 Peter gave no reaction at all, but it wasn't because he had figured it out or anything, he just couldn't believe the words he was hearing. Still, it all started to make sense in a way, with the umbrella and Layla collecting the blood. However, he questioned himself if vampires were actually real, though Peter's train of thought was quickly interrupted by Erin. 
 "What's a vampire?" Erin asked, the innocent ignorance showing on her face. 
 The others then all turned their heads, now looking towards Erin. 
 It wasn't that rare for someone not to know what a vampire was in this modern day and age. A lot of entertainment products connected to vampires had lessened over the years. There weren't many films, books, or even games that had been made featuring them. However on TV, there were plenty of times when old films would be shown, and this was where most of the others got their knowledge of what a vampire was. 
 However, Erin had been raised without a life of entertainment. There were no fantasy books, games, or movies provided for her. All her time and education only had to do with fighting or learning about the current state of the world. 
 She wasn't the only one in this position since a lot of them shared her ignorance. Quinn was in a similar situation himself. He had heard the term vampires, but didn't really know much about them, so he had to rely on Layla to explain it to him. 
 With that confession, the others slowly started to explain what a vampire was to her - How they were weaker in the sunlight and most of all, they required Human blood to keep on living. All of this news was coming as quite a shock to Erin because it sounded so fake in her mind. 
 "So this is what you guys came up with to try to give an excuse why Quinn didn't use his powers." She said. "Well, I'm not buying it. I don't believe that a human that needs blood to survive exists. If there were such creatures as vampires, why haven't they revealed themselves to the world already?" 
 Erin then went towards the door, pulling it open before saying her final words. 
 "You guys disappoint me. I was starting to think that we were a team, not a bunch of liars." 
 With that, she closed the door behind her and stormed off. 
 "Do you think she'll tell anyone?" Quinn asked 
 "Are you kidding? With a reaction like that?" Vorden replied. "She didn't even believe it herself. She'll have an easier time convincing someone that she's a boy rather than you being a vampire. Well, how did we expect her to react? 'Oh it's okay, you can have my blood any time? She's not Layla, for goodness sake." 
 Layla was annoyed at Vorden's remarks, but at the same time, she couldn't deny that she had the same reaction when she found out. 
 "I'm going to go check up on her, just to make sure she really doesn't tell anyone. I'll give you an update about it tomorrow, Quinn." 
 Although Erin didn't seem to believe it, Peter for some reason did. He didn't know how to explain it, but ever since he had left, his body felt different. His hearing was better, and he didn't feel as weak as before. There was some sort of connection that he felt between Quinn and him. 
 It was as if the two of them were now connected, somehow. The last thing that convinced him was the fact that he wasn't dead. He remembered seeing the Dalki's fist go through his own stomach. 
 "Quinn, does it mean that I'm a vampire now too?" Peter asked. 
 As Peter asked that question, Quinn didn't know what to reply because Peter wasn't the same as him. While Quinn was originally a halfling, Peter was something known as a ghoul. 
 'Just what was a vampire ghoul?' Quinn thought. 
 "I'm afraid it isn't good news." The system said. "Out of all the possibilities he could have turned into, this was the outcome I was hoping for the least." 
 The system's words didn't give Quinn great hope, and what he was about to hear lessened his optimism even further. 
 ***** 
 Want a mass release? then remember to vote, Stone gals in author notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 143 Vampire Ghoul 
 Lately, the system seemed to be the bearer of bad news more than bringing good. Quinn already had a feeling that the word ghoul didn't have the best sound, but at the moment Peter seemed fine and Quinn decided to put his worries behind him. 
 "What's with the look on your face?" Peter said worriedly. 
 "Oh, it's nothing I just think maybe we should note this down on a piece of paper or something so you remember what I tell you," Quinn replied. 
 He then went over to his desk and pulled out a piece of paper from his drawer. Vorden and Peter were hovering over his shoulder taking a look at what he was writing. First Quinn put his name at the top and by the side wrote down the word: Vampire. 
 He then listed all the strengths and weaknesses he had. Super strength, abnormal healing, and the ability to see in darkness. He also listed down the powers he had along with it. 
 Then underneath with a line branching off from the top he wrote down Peter's name and wrote the word ghoul. 
 "I'm a ghoul?" Peter said looking at the word. "What does that mean?" 
 "First, do you feel any different Peter, or has anything changed like voices in your head or weird things in your vision." Quinn was trying to see if Peter also had a system, but he needed to tiptoe around the word. 
 "Other than my body feeling better, there haven't been any other changes." 
 "What about your ability?" Vorden asked. "I remember when Quinn asked me if I wanted to turn into a vampire he said I would lose my ability. 
 Peter then quickly went over to his desk where he always had a small ball of earth to practise on he held it on his hands and tried to do what he usually did, but there was nothing. "What it's not working do I really have no ability at all!" Peter said all panicky. 
 "Calm down." Quinn interrupted." Don't worry about it too much, although your ability is gone you can learn a new one. We just need to find one that's compatible like my shadow book." 
 "You mean I can have the same ability as yours?" Peter asked. 
 Quinn started to laugh nervously. 
 "Unfortunately after learning the ability is got destroyed by a beast." Vorden quickly interrupted. 
 "Anyway, let me try to explain everything I know," Quinn said as he grabbed the pencils and wrote a pros and cons list right next to Peter's name. 
 "Are you ready?" the system asked. While the system explained the difference between a vampire and a vampire ghoul Quinn would write it down on a piece of paper while explaining it out loud to the others. 
 "Why don't we start with the positives?" the system said. "First unlike a vampire, a ghoul is not affected by sunlight." 
 Peter breathed a sigh of relief when he heard this. "I thought I might have to start carrying an umbrella around everywhere." 
 The system continued and so did Quinn. 
 "Ghouls are stronger, faster and can see better than a human. But their main strength is their incredible healing abilities, they are even more impressive than yours Quinn. Broken bones chunks of flesh will be instantly healed on the spot." 
 "That isn't too bad." Vorden said. "Peter, this means we can just say you have a self-healing ability, there are a few of them out there. Although we will have to keep it a secret from the school since they all think you have an earth ability." 
 "What if someone sees, or tries hurting me and finds out?" Peter asked. 
 "Don't worry, not many people know of the other students' ability other than the staff, but if push comes to shove, I can try clearing their mind with my influence skill." Quinn replied. 
 "Now the next bit of information is more for you Quinn." The system said. "Ghouls are most loyal to their maker, the main reason for this is because your blood resides inside their body. Unfortunately what this means is you will need to supply Peter with your own blood otherwise his body will start to deteriorate and eventually will cease to exist. As long as he gets a supply of your blood then he will live on forever by your side." 
 "What do you mean by loyal?" Quinn asked. 
 "Similar to how your charm skill works, whatever you command, Peter will feel like he has no choice but to obey, although this does depend on the amount of your blood that remains inside his body. The longer he goes without a new does of blood the less inclined he will be to follow your orders." 
 Right now Quinn was feeling bad for Layla and Vorden. It seems like a bloody business was taking place. While Quinn would get his blood form Layla or Vorden then Peter would need to get his blood from him, which would require Quinn to get more blood from the others. 
 "What about Human blood, will I need to drink that," Peter asked as he gulped. Feeling a strange new hunger in his stomach. 
 "No there is no need to drink human blood," Quinn replied. "Actually, unlike me who gets stronger from human blood, it will have no effect on you." 
 Right now it seemed like they were getting a clearer picture of how a ghoul worked. It had superhuman capabilities similar to a vampire but had none of the vampire skills Quinn had at his disposal. But it did have supernatural healing that surpassed his own as well as being able to retain his strength in the sun. 
 Although he wasn't too strong now once Peter had an ability the others could see him becoming quite powerful. The only con so far was the fact that he needed Quinn's blood. Although Quinn decided to leave the loyalty part out of his explanation. 
 The two of them already felt this strange connection without having to say anything, and Quinn had a feeling if he asked Peter to do something, he would. 
 But Quinn knew the system wouldn't have said this was one of the worst options if this was the only issue with being a ghoul. 
 "Now, time for the cons." The system said. 
 Hearing these words made Quinn's hand shake a little, and the others could see this as he was getting ready to write down what the system was telling him. 
 "First off, the ability for Peter to eat regular food has completely disappeared. If he eats regular food, he will immediately throw it back up." 
 This didn't sound too bad. After all Quinn himself was only in a slightly better situation. At the moment the only food he could enjoy was meat. Everything else seemed to give him quite the allergic reaction to thinks, similar to that time he had eaten the food pill. But as long it was meat, and more specifically red meat he could still enjoy the taste of it quite well. 
 "Then does he just have to live off my blood then?" Quinn asked the system. 
 "No, the blood is a rare thing and will hardly be needed. I would more often feed Peter just to keep him loyal to you but still, a Ghoul needs a food source." The system replied. 
 "Well just tell me already what is it?" Quinn responded in an annoyed way. 
 "A ghoul needs to feed on human flesh…" The system said, sounding softer at the end. 
 The pencil in Quinn's hands had dropped onto the table and rolled onto the floor. 
 "Quinn is something wrong," Vorden asked. 
 He then turned to look at Peter. 
 "Peter, you are not feeling hungry by any chance, are you? Quinn asked. 
 "I'm feeling a bit peckish, I haven't eaten since this morning after all." Peter replied honestly. 
 Human blood was fine, But human flesh, it wasn't like Quinn could chop off Layla's finger and feed it to Peter every day and more than anything, what would Peter think of all this. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote Goals in the author notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 144 Worst case? 
 During this whole time, Quinn had basically been repeating to the others what the system had told him. Making sure to leave out the parts that weren't needed. They had a right to know about the vampire stuff, especially since the two of them were closely involved but there was no reason for them to know about the system. 
 But when the system had said the last line he couldn't hide the shock of the words that had been spoken and now was thinking how to break the news to Peter. 
 "Peter... maybe, it's best if you sat down for this." Quinn said. 
 "What why?" Peter looked at him, fidgeting. "You're making me even more scared." 
 "Just sit down." Quinn said, but as he said these words his eyes started to glow a little. Peter didn't know why but he felt like he needed to complete the task immediately. After sitting on the bed, Quinn was trying to find the best way to put the bad news into words. 
 "I can see this is troublesome so let me give you a solution for now." The system said. "As a temporary measure he might be able to last a few days on raw animal meat, but sooner or later you will have to grab him human flesh." 
 He looked Peter in the eyes and finally found the courage to tell him. 
 "Being a ghoul means you can no longer eat regular food, you're going to have to eat raw meat from now on." 
 "Raw meat, as in uncooked food?" Peter questioned. "Won't I get sick from it though? They carry so many diseases and the human body isn't designed to process raw food." As Peter continued to speak his words got faster as he panicked even more. "Maybe you're wrong, why don't I just try eating some normal food and see how it goes?" 
 "For goodness sake Peter listen to yourself!" Vorden shouted. "I know this must be a scary thing but listen. Quinn is just trying to help you here." 
 Just then, Vorden and Quinn decided to head to the nearby convenience store to grab some things as a test while they asked Peter to stay in the room. Once again although Peter was scared and wanted to come with them, a certain feeling was passing from Quinn and onto Peter making him feel like he had to obey. 
 'I guess this is what the system was talking about, I can feel a connection between the two of us.' Quin thought. 
 As the two of them walked to the convenience store Quinn was keeping awfully quiet, which made Vorden suspicious that Quinn was holding something else back. 
 "Go on, tell me then." Vorden said. "You could have gone to the shop on your own but you wanted me to come along." 
 "It's about Peter…." Quinn said quietly. "I didn't tell Peter everything, being a ghoul doesn't mean he has to eat raw meat, he needs to eat raw human meat. Raw animal meat will only work for a short time." 
 Suddenly Vorden stopped in his tracks. 
 "Quinn I'm being serious when I suggest this here, but wouldn't it be better to just kill Peter… and before you say anything hear me out. He already tried taking our lives and we know the reason behind it now. But I'm afraid this will just cause you more problems in the future. He saved your life and you saved his, and if I kept a scoreboard, he still needs to save you one more time to make it even. He's not the type of guy who can handle this and if he gets caught then don't think he won't give you in." 
 "He won't, he can't" Quinn replied. 
 "How can you be so sure?" Vorden asked, a bit surprised by Quinn's sudden answer. 
 It was hard for Quinn to explain, but he could feel the connection between the two of them now. Essentially Peter's whole existence now depended on him and as long as Quinn asked for it Peter would do it. 
 "Well I can tell you won't take my suggestion but let me tell you this then." Vorden said. "Taking a life isn't as easy as you think." 
 Although Quinn knew the weight behind Vorden's words, what Vorden didn't know was Quinn had already done just that and it was easier than he had expected. Perhaps for a human, it wasn't so easy but the same couldn't be said for a vampire like Quinn now, especially those people that deserved it. 
 The two continued to go to the shop and bought all sorts of packs of meat, Vorden was ready to use his wrist watch but Quinn just straight up paid for it instead. 
 "When did you become so wealthy?" Vorden asked. 
 "I have my ways." Quinn winked back with a smile. 
 Finally, the two had returned to the dorm room where Peter had stayed waiting for them, he was in the same spot as when the two had left him. 
 "That smells nice." Peter said. "What did you bring?" 
 Quinn then pulled out the packs of food. Some were raw pieces of steak and pork while the others were pre packed food that had already been cooked, Peter didn't need to see anything because his nose was already telling him which one smelled better. 
 It was one of the first clear signs that he had changed. Immediately when they entered the room the sweet scent had filled the entire room, and it wasn't coming from the cooked meat. 
 "Well do you want to try the packed precooked meat first?" Quinn asked. "But I'm telling you, you're going to get sick from this." 
 "No it's okay," Peter said, with the sound of resignation in his voice. "Just give me the other stuff." 
 They placed the raw steak out on a plate and put it right in front of Peter. 
 "Is he really going to eat it?" Vorden said. 
 "I don't know it looks pretty good to me as well," Quinn replied. 
 "I can't tell if you're trying to be funny or what man." Vorden said, with a disgusted look on his face. 
 It didn't take long for Peter to dive in. Seeing the raw steak in front of him, suddenly caused his hunger to grow more and more to the point he couldn't hold back, and without even using the knife and fork by his side he picked up the steak with his two hands and started biting into it. 
 His once dull teeth had turned sharp like a lions, helping him rip the meat to pieces and after only a couple of minutes the whole steak had been devoured. 
 Sobbing then could be heard from his chair. 
 "I'm a monster." He cried. 
 "Peter." Vorden said. "You're less of a monster now then you were before, at least you know what you are and what you did before was wrong. How do you think Quinn feels after saving your life and you saying that right in front of him?" 
 Peter knew Vorden was right so he wiped his tears and stood up smiling at Quinn, as he did his teeth were all bloody from the meal. "Thank you Quinn, I'm sorry for being so selfish." 
 With the experiment done and the other two feeling a bit better they placed the remainder of the raw meat in their fridge. But the only one that got a good night sleep was Peter, the other two were lost in thought. 
 Vorden couldn't stop thinking about the fact that he was sleeping in a room with a cannibal, at least Quinn would only suck his blood but with Peter, he might wake up with an arm missing. 
 While Quinn was thinking along similar lines. 
 "System, do you know how long until he starts craving for human flesh, and will I still be able to control him?" Quinn asked. 
 "His hunger will outgrow your commands, but he will not attack you, however about a time frame I am unsure, best case scenario is a week." 
 "And worst case?" Quinn asked. 
 "Tomorrow." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote Goals in the author notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 145 The Crystals 
 The next day had arrived and when Vorden had woken up, he had faint bags under his eyes. Quinn eventually managed to get some sleep, but he didn't seem to have fared much better either. 
 "Didn't get much sleep?" Quinn asked. 
 Vorden shook his head while looking at Peter who seemed to still be sleeping peacefully away. "At least he still looks like a human." 
 All of the first-year students had gotten the next two days off after the expedition. 
 With the next two days off Quinn knew he needed to hurry and find a solution for Peter's situation. It was a large city that not only had the people from the school but the workers and soldiers outside as well. 
 There was bound to be a morgue in the city. Although crimes that lead to death did not occur, like in a regular city since most of the citizens were soldiers, but that didn't mean there weren't any. One thing was for sure, they didn't want to get a body from the morgue in the school they were in. It would be too obvious and another investigation would be carried out. 
 While Quinn was thinking about what to do a knock was heard at the door. When they opened the door they were surprised to see Layla there. She was on her own though but came to update them on the situation with Erin. 
 "It seems like she has calmed down a bit," Layla said. "And I'll be honest it was strange. She really wasn't upset by the fact you were a vampire even after I tried explaining it to her, but just that you could have helped us out more during the assessment. Anyway, what about him?" 
 Quinn then went on to explain about what had happened to Peter and how he had turned into a ghoul. When Quinn mentioned this, her face immediately dropped, she had read enough books to know some of the downsides of being in close proximity to a ghoul. Some of them were blood hungry starved creatures, while others constantly craved human flesh. 
 And after hearing Quinn's explanation it seemed like she was right. 
 "You know after seeing you turn Peter, I thought you were hiding something from me, but I guess this was something you were afraid of and honestly being a vampire is cool and all, but being a ghoul not so much," Layla said. 
 Quinn started to think about what Layla had just said, before everything had happened, he was seriously considering turning Layla into a vampire. However, the system had stated that this outcome, someone turning into a ghoul, was one of the options. 
 "System, if I was to use the blood ritual on Layla would it be the same result?" Quinn asked. 
 "Honestly, I'm not sure, it depends on the person and the situation they were in. Perhaps Peter had turned because of how close to death he was when the ritual was formed but maybe he would have turned into one anyway considering how weak his mind was. I can't say that it won't happen, but I believe that Layla would have a higher chance of turning into something else." 
 For now, Quinn decided to keep the words of the System to himself. He already had enough problems to deal with, and he didn't need another one if Layla was to turn into something else even more problematic than a ghoul. 
 "Oh. I almost forgot." Vorden said, as he went under his bed and pulled out a small bag before throwing it over to Quinn who caught it. 
 Quinn opened the bag and noticed that it seemed to be full of crystals. 
 "Since, the expedition ended early, we got to keep all of those." 
 "You mean these are?" Quinn asked, with a look of excitement on his face. 
 "Yep. The winged Lizard crystals you asked for. " Vorden replied, with a smile. 
 Looking in the bag there looked to be around thirty of them, Quinn couldn't imagine what the group must have done to be able to obtain this many. But now he realised why Erin was incredibly upset, with this amount of crystals, their group would have come out on top of the whole leader board. 
 Right now, though he had enough crystals to create a costume for himself. The cape that Sam used was hard enough to block Quinn's blood swipes while also being flexible. If he could use this to create a full set of clothing then he would finally be able to fight during the day. 
 Although at first, he wasn't sure who he could go to for help to design a costume, suddenly someone came to mind. Logan, if there was anyone who was good at creating things and knowing if something was possible or not, he would be the one to go to. 
 Still, he couldn't just leave Peter as he was, not with the chance of him turning into a flesh hungry monster. 
 Vorden could see that Quinn seemed to be struggling with something. There must have been a reason why he had told him and Layla to gather as many of those crystals as possible. 
 "Just go do whatever you need to do," Vorden said. "Layla and I can deal with the problem; I have an idea anyway." 
 "Are you sure, what about the others do you want me to pay you guys for these?" Quinn asked. 
 "Are you joking," Layla said. "Quinn if it wasn't for you back then when the Dalki attacked, we would have all lost our lives and that includes Erin. As much as she says she's angry at you she can't deny that you saved our lives. The least we could do is give you these crystals for free. 
 Quinn looked at them one more time, and knew that if there was anyone he could rely on, it would be Vorden, and even more so with Layla helping him. "Alright, just let me know if there are any problems, I should be in the VIP area just above." 
 After that Quinn quickly rushed out of the room with the crystals in his hand. 
 "In the VIP area?" Layla said. "I wonder what he's doing there." 
 "Who knows?" Vorden said as he shrugged his shoulders. Just then Peter was starting to wake up and rub his eyes. "But right now, we have a bigger problem to deal with." 
 ***** 
 Inside the second year building duke was sitting down at his desk smoking a cigar in his office, he wasn't much of a smoker but when he was under immense pressure, he found that he tended to smoke a lot more cigars than normal. 
 "Damn that Truedream guy is coming again!" Duke said to himself. 
 The door to the room then swung open as one of the sergeants with an afro on the top of his head and sunglasses on came walking in. His name was Raphael and was one of the teachers for the second year students. "Sir I have brought the list of names that you asked for." 
 Raphael then came forward and handed over a little stick to Duke. When placing it on the table a digital display of students had appeared. 
 "Let's see... It looks like we have a good mix of abilities here." Duke said. "And you've checked the background of all of these? There will be no complaints from important families if something was to go wrong correct?" 
 "Yes sir." 
 At the top of the list of names, one of the students' picture was being displayed. It was of a picture of Peter Chuck. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote, stone goals are in the author notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 146 A Ghoul's power 
 It was their day off and early in the morning, Quinn was going out to meet up with Logan. He had left both Layla and Vorden behind to keep an eye on Peter. Quinn had told them that at some point, Peter would be required to eat human flesh, it could take up to a week, but it could also be tomorrow, there was no way to know for sure. 
 'It could also be as soon as today.' Vorden thought to himself. 'We can't be that unlucky right?' He certainly hoped this was not the case. 
 Unfortunately, the tasks that Quinn had given to them were quite difficult. Not only did they need to look out for Peter's safety, but they also had to find a way to get human flesh without letting him find out about it. 
 "Come on Peter," Vorden said. "Let's head outside." 
 "Outside?" Peter asked, his tone slightly confused. 
 "Well, if I were you, the first thing I'd want to do was to test out my new powers. Quinn said that you are some kind of superhuman, right? Well, why don't we take a look at what you can do now?" 
 "I think that's a great idea," Layla said while bobbing up and down. Although she didn't like the sound of being turned into a ghoul, perhaps it also had its good sides. 
 The three of them grabbed a few things and got ready to go outside. Layla even took her beast equipment with her. A lot of the students carried around their beast weapons as they walked through the city, but some chose not to. Mainly because currently, they were in one of the safest places on the planet. However, since the Dalki had attacked some students during the extra-planar expedition, everyone seemed to be more on edge and always ready for battle. 
 Just as they were about to leave, Peter stopped by the entrance. 
 "Don't worry," Layla said. "Even Quinn doesn't burn under the sunlight. He just feels weak and sluggish. Besides, just in case Quinn was wrong, I brought an umbrella with me." 
 'What are you doing' Peter thought to himself. 'You spent your whole life as a weakling and now, just maybe, it can start to change.' 
 After convincing himself, Peter closed his eyes and stepped outside to where the sun could touch his skin. Just as Quinn had said, he didn't feel any weaker than before. He felt the same on the inside as he did outside. With this information, a smile appeared on Peter's face. At the least, he could live a somewhat normal life without having to hide in the shadows all the time. 
 The group walked towards the park, and once they arrived, they headed deeper into the park woods. They followed the man-made trail that was often used for people to hike through, until eventually leaving the trail, as they travelled farther away from the beaten path. 
 They continued to walk until they had finally found a quiet and clear area in the woods that was devoid of trees; it was also hidden from view. "This place is perfect. Besides, if anyone comes close, we will be able to hear them in time." Vorden said. 
 "What should we test first?" Layla asked. 
 "How about strength and speed?" Vorden said as he walked up to Layla, holding out his hand. "Do you mind?" 
 Layla looked at Vorden. These days, he seemed to be more reliable than before. She still felt that he was a bit crazy in the head, but couldn't call him an outright bad person, not without any evidence anyway. 
 "Fine." She held out her hand and allowed Vorden to copy her abilities. 
 The two of them then lifted a bunch of branches and stick's off of the ground. Because Layla's ability was quite weak, the maximum they could lift was two each, making it four. 
 "Just do your best to avoid the sticks as much as you can!" Vorden shouted as the two stood around five meters away from Peter. 
 "Looks like, not only has his speed gotten better, but his reflexes as well," Vorden said. "But… He's still Peter." 
 Peter nodded when he was ready, and the two of them immediately started to hover the sticks up in the air, aiming to hit Peter with them. 
 The sticks were light, allowing Vorden and Layla to move them quite fast. They were easily as fast as regular attacks, and with four of them coming from different directions, it was like two people were fighting against Peter at the same time. 
 For Peter it was the first time that he felt confident during a practice, it was like he could see the attacks coming towards him. When he told his body to move, it followed what he wanted to do, avoiding the branches of sticks. It was amazing since whatever Peter thought in his head, his body reacted and did it, unlike when his body didn't respond to his thoughts against other people before. 
 Just then, Vorden timed both sticks at the right time - When one went in for the attack, if Peter was to avoid it, the other one would be right in time to strike him. Peter pulled his body back, avoiding the first stick. Then, the second one from behind came right at his face, but he still managed to catch the second stick out of the air at the last second just as he pulled his face back. 
 However, the tip of the stick still managed to cut his cheek, drawing the smallest amount of blood. 
 "Oh sorry, Peter!" Vorden yelled as the two of them rushed over. But by the time they reached him, the blood had fallen on the ground, and the cut that was once on Peter's cheek was no longer there. 
 "Looks like the super healing can be checked as well," Vorden said with a smile on his face. He was actually glad that this had happened, because he was afraid that if they were to test out the super healing any other way, then it would cause Peter to grow hungrier even quicker. 
 The next test they had for Peter was his strength. For this trial, they used a simple tree. Although Vorden was considered one of the students at the peak physical fitness for his height and age, even he wouldn't be able to damage a tree with his bare hands. That was unless he was wearing beast gear or had some type of ability to help him. 
 "So you want me to just punch the tree?" Peter asked, looking at it carefully. The tree was mighty, and its trunk was thicker than Peter himself. Just imagining punching the thing, he could already feel the pain in his knuckles. 
 "Just go for it," Layla said. "You already know that you have super healing. " 
 "But that doesn't mean that I don't feel any pain," Peter said. 
 But he was also curious to see how much stronger he had gotten. He readied himself and looked at the tree, then pulling back his fist, he swung it outward. However, at the last second, he tried pulling back his power for fear of hurting himself. 
 As he hit the tree, he had done so at an odd angle causing his wrist to bend on impact. He screamed out in pain. As the two went to take a look, they could see that a part of his bone had come out and pierced through his skin, but at the same time, it was healing then and there in an instant. When they looked at the tree, there was a large dent that had been made. 
 Not one large enough to cause the tree to fall over, but one that would be impossible for most humans by using their bare hands. 
 Once Peter's wrist was healed, he started to twist it around and move it about - It seemed to be working just like normal. 
 "Well, we know you have abnormal strength that's for sure, but I think there's a clear difference between you and Quinn," Layla said. 
 "What do you mean?" Peter asked, still rolling his wrist around, making sure everything worked okay. 
 "Well, let's say if Quinn was to do the same thing, even if he didn't punch the tree dead on, his wrist probably would have been fine. I think that's because his body is stronger than that of a regular human." Layla explained. "While yours, although you have super strength, your body is still just like ours, made of regular bones and flesh. If you attack at full power, you will probably end up hurting yourself, breaking a bone just like what you did back then. Heck even humans break their bones when they fight, so for you with your extra strength it's a little worse. You're going to have to learn to control it." 
 As soon as Layla had finished explaining, the wristwatch on Peter's arm started to light up. When he looked at it, he could see a voice message that had been left. 
 "This is General Duke. Peter Chuck, you are required to come to my office in the second year building immediately. I have some important things to discuss with you." 
 As soon as Vorden heard the message, there was no longer any need for him to ask Peter who was behind everything. He had already figured it out. Why else would the head of the second years have anything to do with a first-year? 
 The only problem now was, how could he go up against a general of a military base. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote - Stone goals in the Author's Notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 147 Bite me or love me 
 An order from the general was absolute and a strict punishment awaited those who disobeyed them. Although there weren't many rules when it came to what happened between the students themselves, the same couldn't be said for those who were above them. 
 If you broke the rules enough times, then you would be led to an underground dungeon. The school couldn't just kick you out. Those who went in almost never came back out, and the ones who did come back, came as different people. 
 There was also a rumour that had been going around that the students who were sent into the dungeon came back without any abilities at all. 
 Because of this, even Vorden was worried about going up against a general of the school. Perhaps he could use his family's power to influence the military's decision about Duke, but that would require evidence and a lot more than a single testimony from Peter. 
 So the group had no choice but to follow Duke's command. 
 "What should I do?" Peter asked as he walked back to the military base with the other two. 
 "We'll follow along as far as we can go, but if they see you with us then they'll think you're no longer on their side. Just agree to whatever they ask of you for now and we can figure it out later," Vorden said. 
 Just then, as they were about to exit the forest, Vorden suggested that Peter walk up ahead while they followed him from behind. They needed to be extra careful just in case, but before Peter left the forest Vorden had a few words to say. 
 "Peter, I'm taking my chances with you this time. I don't know why but Quinn seems to completely trust you, and while I have forgiven you, it doesn't mean I trust you. Not yet, or maybe ever." 
 Layla nudged Vorden in the ribs. "Give the guy a break will you?" She whispered, "He went through a near death experience, and now he's just been told that he's a ghoul. You don't have to say out loud what he already knows." She gave Peter an encouraging smile. 
 However, Vorden was dead serious; he still saw Peter as a liability and if it wasn't for Quinn, he would have gotten rid of him by now. 
 They had finally arrived at the second year building which was stationed on the east side of the school. From this point on, Vorden and Layla could no longer follow as there were second year students standing just outside, and they didn't have a good reason. 
 Still, Peter managed to walk straight past the two second year students, as they had been expecting him, but Vorden and Layla knew they couldn't because they would be stopped. 
 Peter entered the building and walked into Duke's office. 
 "Please, come and sit down, Peter," Duke said as he closed the door behind him before sitting back in his seat. 
 "It seems the two of us haven't been able to talk since the last task I had set for you." Duke then went under his desk and pulled out several books and placed them on the table. There were three earth ability books numbered from two, up to four. 
 "Although things didn't go quite according to plan, you still held up your end of the bargain, and I don't want to seem like a person who doesn't keep his promises," he said smiling. 
 If Peter didn't notice it before, he could definitely notice it now, there was something sinister about Duke's smile. 
 'Just why was he trying so hard to get rid of Vorden in the first place?' Peter thought. Isn't everyone on the same side, to fight against the Dalki? But Peter remembered Vorden's words and grabbed the books. 
 "Thank you sir, is there anything else you would like me to do?" Peter asked. 
 "We have a visitor next week and I'm going to need you to learn the earth ability up to level four. It's why I also gave you books two and three. It should be easier for you to learn the abilities quickly if you do them step by step. In a couple of weeks, come back and report to me. You are dismissed." 
 Peter then bowed down to the general before leaving the room. 
 'Looks like I've been able to convert another one. In the end, everyone wants to be at the top,' The Duke thought. 
 As Peter left the room, he spotted Earl waiting just outside to be called in. "What are you looking at you dog!" He snapped back. Earl still hadn't recovered from what Vorden had done to him before the outing, and because he was weaker than Vorden, he couldn't take it out on him. So he decided to take it out on Peter instead. 
 Hearing those words and seeing Earl again, sudden images started to appear in his head, unpleasant images, very unpleasant. 
 "Hey, I know. Why don't you wait for me out back after this? Me and the boys have a little surprise for you," Earl said. 
 "Whatever you say, Earl." Peter replied, secretly smiling on the inside. 
 As Peter walked down the hallway and towards the back exit of the school he couldn't suppress the smile that suddenly appeared on his face. "I'll be waiting for you alright." 
 ***** 
 While the others were busy doing their own thing, Erin had eventually calmed down from it all. She thought back and had to admit that even if Quinn had hidden his powers in the end, he had saved their lives from the Dalki, she couldn't stay upset about not coming first. 
 When she thought back to the image of the Dalki, her body started to shiver uncontrollably. 
 'Calm down Erin, deep breaths.' She thought to herself. 
 She had regained her composure, but now she started to think about Quinn a bit more. Just what was a vampire actually? 
 Even though Layla had tried her best to explain it, it really wasn't something she could comprehend. It didn't sound like an ability, but more like an entirely different species altogether. But the strangest thing of it all was what species could survive only on the blood of humans? 
 'Maybe I can think of them as humanoid mosquitoes. Yeah, that sounds right. They're humanoid mosquitoes.' Erin thought to convince herself. 
 If there were no humans how would vampires survive and what would happen to Quinn if he didn't get any blood? While she was fine with keeping Quinn's identity a secret, she was nervous about covering her own back, and curious to see just how dangerous this "vampire" thing actually was. 
 Eventually, that led her to the library. At first, Erin went down the nonfiction aisle to see if there was anything she could find, but there was nothing. There were no vampires and there didn't seem to be anything close to describing them in the first place. 
 If it wasn't in any of the official records, it was slowly starting to make sense to her why everyone wanted her to keep it a secret. 
 This left her with no choice but to head to the fiction section and nearly instantly, she found several novels about vampires. But just from looking at the covers, she found it really hard to tell what vampires were. 
 "Vampire: The Last Blood" 
 "Bite Me or Love Me" 
 "Thicker Than Blood" 
 Some of the covers even seemed to have men in suggestive poses, while other books deemed Vampires as vicious killers. But the one thing they all had in common was the theme around blood. Erin decided to just pick up one of the books at random. 
 She picked up the book titled, 'Bite Me or Love Me' 
 She stood there in the aisle and started reading it, but before she knew it, she couldn't put the book down. "My word, what are they doing?" Just from reading the novel, her face started to go red. 
 "So, you're interested in vampires, huh?" A boy's voice said, coming from her left side. 
 As she turned her head to see who it was, she could see a student, one she hadn't come across before, or maybe she had. Erin had a bad habit of only remembering people she cared about. But when looking at this boy she had a feeling if she had seen him she would have remembered him, as something was pulling her towards him. 
 "I didn't expect to see a beautiful girl like you here," The boy said as he swept back his black hair. "The name's Fex. Nice to meet you." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals are in the author notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 148 A problem 
 Outside the second-year building, out in the open field, Layla and Vorden were still patiently waiting. Peter had gone in a while ago, but now they started to wonder what was taking him Peter so long. 
 "Do you think something might have happened to him?" Layla asked, looking at the two second years that stood directly outside the building, like they were guard dogs. 
 "I'm not sure. He doesn't look like the type that's good at lying," Vorden replied to her question. "Then again, he did fool me and Quinn before, without us having a clue." 
 "Would you stop being so salty about that? It's getting annoying," Layla said, getting sick of the fact that Vorden seemed to be putting Peter down whenever they talked about him. "Right now, all of us are trying to help each other. That's how it should be. That's how this world should have been in the first place before the introduction of powers came and changed everything." 
 Vorden could tell that there seemed to be some sort of pain behind Layla's words. Then again, it was normal for people, who were of the lower class, to be unhappy with the current system. Before the war with the Dalki, everyone had a voice in some way. They had a right to vote and they had the chance to change things. 
 But after the war that all changed. Now, if you were of a lower class, the people in power don't care about what you think. 
 "It's not the powers themselves that are at fault," Vorden replied. "It's the people at the top who made the current system, who are at fault." 
 Eventually, the two of them felt they had waited for far too long. They came to the conclusion that it wasn't likely that Peter was going to come out anytime soon, they had a feeling something might have happened. With that in mind, the two of them decided to stop waiting out front, and started to head around the back. There was no entrance to get into the school from the back since the second-year building was up against the school walls which surrounded the entire military camp. 
 But perhaps, they could find some other entrance, either by climbing some walls, or through some other means. 
 The two of them needed to be careful that they weren't seen while they were sneaking around, so the two of them would be using Layla's abilities to make sure of that. When they got around to the back side of the building, they could see another student standing guard there. Using Layla's powers, they both lifted up a couple of stones, and threw them to distract the student. 
 "Are you ready?" Layla asked with a smile on her face. When she realised what kind of face she was making, she quickly stopped. She couldn't believe she was actually having fun sneaking around and causing trouble. And with Vorden of all people. 
 "As I thought, you do look a little cute when you are smiling," Vorden said as a response. 
 ***** 
 Peter was patiently waiting outside the place where he had suggested. While waiting, Peter started to look around the place. Since there were no exits, there weren't many students moving about back here. There was also a plain wall, but it was nearly impossible for someone to scale unless they had some type of ability. 
 As Peter continued to look at the wall, he was wondering if he, in his current state, could do such a thing. But just as he was in the middle of this thought, he heard a voice from behind. 
 "Hey! Hey, Peter! It's been a while, hasn't it?" Earl said, as he walked closer before adding: "You know, lately, Duke has been blaming me for all of the failed attempts against Vorden, so I haven't been getting any rewards, how are you going to solve that for me?" 
 While walking closer towards Peter, Earl looked at what was in Peter's hands, which were the level 2, 3 and 4 earth ability books. Although Earl was already a level four earth user and had no need for the books himself, he could always sell them on the market to earn some money. 
 "Hand them over, you piece of crap," Earl said as he slapped Peter across the face, leaving a red mark. 
 The truth was, Earl didn't really care about the books. And if he asked for them, then Peter was likely to give them to him. All he wanted to do was vent out his pent-up frustrations on someone, and Peter was the perfect target. 
 Just a few moments ago, Duke did not give him any reward for his efforts, unlike what he had promised. 'Did he fail his task?' Earl pondered. Not at all. He managed to convince Peter to push his friend, just like they had asked. 
 With that in mind, why wasn't he being rewarded for it? On top of that, after everything he had gone through, he had been beaten up by Erin. Soon after that, his friends had abandoned him, saying they no longer wanted to help him. 
 To them, it was too dangerous and they didn't want to get hurt by Erin as well. Then, later on, he was further punished by Vorden. He still couldn't sleep right after what Vorden had done to him. 
 Peter looked at the mark on his face. Usually, in a situation like this, his hands would be shaking. In the past, he had been so mentally broken that even Earl raising his hands would make him flinch…but not today. Something felt different. 
 After the scenes of Earl's neck being ripped out had appeared in his head, strange thoughts started to appear in his mind. 'What if I could make that a reality?' Peter thought. 
 Earl then proceeded to kick Peter in the stomach before grabbing him by the collar and throwing him onto the ground. 
 Peter was now in a space between two buildings, namely the second-year building and one of the storage rooms. It was a place that was quite dark, and unless someone purposely went around the back to find them, no one would find out. 
 "Well then. Isn't this a quiet little place for the two of us to carry on our usual business?" Earl asked with a smile. 
 Peter then stood up and responded with a smile, "Indeed, it is." 
 ***** 
 After distracting the students who were standing by the side of the building, using the floating stones, they were able to gradually make their way towards the back of the second-year building without being seen. 
 When they arrived they didn't see anything. It was totally empty, nothing was there, even the set of windows they saw was too high for them to climb up to. 
 "Come on. Let's keep looking," Layla said. "There must be some way to get into the school." 
 They looked around, but unfortunately they didn't find anything…until Vorden spotted a little alleyway just between the second-year building and the storage room. "Maybe there's a pipe or something we can us to climb up to the windows." 
 "You have been watching way too many martial arts movies," Layla said. 
 Still, they decided to check it out now that they were here anyway. They had already come this far, and the least they could do is try everything before giving up. As they made their way to the space between the two buildings, they started to hear strange sounds. Certain cracking and gobbling noises were made, as if some type of wild dog was wolfing down its meal. 
 Finally, they turned the corner, only to see Peter there. However, he wasn't alone. His hands and mouth were covered in blood while a dead body wearing a student's uniform laid in front of him. 
 The student's body had parts of its limbs torn off, also some bones with little bits of flesh still attached could be seen, and they looked as if someone had hungrily ripped the meat right off the bone. 
 "Peter?" Layla said. "What have you done?" 

 
	 Chapter 149 Strange Device 
 The VIP dorm rooms of the first years building were on the third floor. Quinn had decided to head here to meet one someone. That someone was, of course, Logan, as he was the only VIP Quinn knew. Although he wasn't sure if Logan could even help him or not. 
 Quinn's plan was to use the winged lizard crystals to create some type of costume or suit that would cover his entire body. He needed a flexible material so it could wrap around him but he also needed it to be strong enough to survive in a fight. 
 It was easy enough for him to find a black suit that covered his entire body that would help him avoid the sunlight. The problem was the second Quinn would be hit and the suit ripped then he would be weakened by the sun again. 
 That's why, when he learnt of Sam's cape through the VR game he had come up with an idea. Now that he had the materials the only problem left was to craft a costume out of them. 
 Most blacksmiths and tailors had a blueprint they would follow. These blueprints specified the techniques used and which materials needed to be mixed when creating weapons and armour. But because Quinn was asking for something that hadn't been made before, he would have to ask someone at the expert designer level to custom make one for him. 
 This would be very costly and even if he sold all the crystals and used up the ones in his hand he wouldn't have enough to pay the cost. This led him to Logan. He saw how many crazy things Logan seemed to create for himself in his room. He thought perhaps he might have an idea or, if not he might be able to introduce him to someone who could do it at a lower price. 
 At first Quinn knocked on the door but there seemed to be no answer. It was strange because for the week that Quinn trained using Logan's machine. He hadn't seen him leave the room once. 
 When trying to push the door open he was surprised to see that it wasn't locked nor shut properly. "Hello?" Quinn asked as he crept into the room. 
 Just at the other end of the room, he could see Logan in his chair. He had some sort of metallic tool glove in his right hand while a giant pair of goggles seemed to be hovering over his eyes. 
 'Oh, he was just busy as usual.' Quinn thought to himself 
 Quinn then started to look around the room at all the gadgets around him. He knew when Logan was in his concentration mode no matter what you did you wouldn't get his attention. So the best thing to do was just to wait until he was done. 
 While walking around the room Quinn continued to look at all the storage devices and whenever he found something interesting he could use his inspect skill. 
 What he noticed was, some of the devices the system didn't seem to have any clue what it was. While for other items it would give basic descriptions, such as what materials the item was made from. 
 For the others, it would simply show a line of: ????? 
 These were items that Logan had uniquely created and didn't exist in the world. But there was one thing they all had in common and that was the name of the creator, Logan Dyson. 
 But as Quinn was looking around he spotted a strange circular object on one of the shelves. It stood out compared to the rest because most of the things in the room seemed to be covered in dust but not this one. 
 It was a square-shaped device no bigger than a laptop and on the top, it seemed to have some type of digital display. 
 [Inspect] 
 [A return portal device, when the correct access code has been entered it will return you to the destination that has been pre-set] 
 [Creator Richard Eno] 
 Quinn moved in to take a closer look. It seemed to be the only item that wasn't made by Logan and on top of that, it was a teleporter. But it was one that he had never seen before. The portal teleporters they currently carried were quite large devices but this one was small and compact as if the technology was ahead of their current time. 
 Quinn reached out to grab it, but just then a voice from behind spoke to him. 
 "Hey, if you want to get your fingers blown off, then please, be my guest, carry on and touch it," Logan said sarcastically, his seat was turned around and he was staring at Quinn. "Then again I would love to see which ability is stronger mine or yours." He continued. 
 "Sorry about that" Quinn said as he pulled back his hand. "It looks kind of interesting. What is it exactly?" 
 When Quinn finished talking, the robotic gauntlet that was on one of Logan's hands started to break down. It appeared to break into smaller parts until they looked like little bugs. Then the bugs went over to where Quinn was, they grabbed the case and brought it over to Logan. 
 "This thing has been the bane of me and my family's life," Logan said looking around it. "As you know my family are originals who hid their abilities from the world. Before the war started they were researchers who worked privately for different corporations. Sometimes even governments, different armies and all sorts of companies. Anyway, on one of their trips around fifty years ago, they discovered this device. At the time no one knew what it was and it seemed like our ability didn't work on it either. 
 Of course, my family tried to research it and eventually when we discovered the Dalki technology we found similarities between this and the Dalki technology. It appears to be some type of teleporter. But the question is, why Dalki technology would exist on earth before they even arrived. Then that just brings us even more questions, why did the Dalki attack us? Were they here before? But did we just never know about it?" 
 Hearing all of these questions were causing Quinn to think about it. Perhaps Logan was on to something before he would have taken everything the government had told him as fact. He knew they hid things, governments always did, but just like his vampire system were they hiding even bigger secrets from the public? 
 "Anyway." Logan said." It's not like I'm expecting you to know any of these answers. The one thing we do know is whoever was able to create a compact teleporter such as this is a genius. Oh, how I wish I could meet him one day." 
 "Wait, what did you say?" Quinn replied. "Did you say you don't know who created it?" 
 "Of course I don't. If I did, my family and I would have been chasing him for generations." 
 This made Quinn sink even deeper in thought. Richard Eno was a well-known scientist, the person who had discovered not only the power of beast crystals but also how the Dalki portals worked. Could he have really known everything all along? 
 Right now though this was too big of a problem to solve especially for someone like him. He was just one person in this whole thing and he had his own problems to deal with. 
 "Anyway," Logan said. "What did you visit me here for, did you want to play the game again?" 
 "Actually," Quinn said. "I was wondering if you could help make me a suit." 

 
	 Chapter 150 Special Mask 
 Quinn had explained the specifics of the suit he wanted to Logan. He elaborated on how it needed to be made using the crystals he had obtained, and how he needed it to completely cover him from head to toe, making sure that no sunlight could touch him. 
 At first, Logan had some good news for Quinn. 
 "Well, it seems you've come to the right person," said Logan. "I can design you one myself." 
 "Really?" Quinn asked, surprised. 
 "Of course, it will be easier than making some of my other contraptions, since most of them are powered by beast crystals anyway. I know my way around them. The fusion process I am using is also one of a kind." He said smiling. 
 Logan was clearly proud of his work, and Quinn could see this. Whenever he used to come by for his training, he would often praise his inventions, even if some of them seemed pointless or a bit out there. Because of this, Logan started to have more than just professional interest in Quinn, but also started to like him more as a friend. 
 However, like with everything, there was also a slight problem. 
 "What about breathing and seeing?" Logan asked. "If you're going to be covered from head to toe, you won't be able to breathe. Judging from the cape you described, the material won't be breathable, and if you cover the eyes you won't be able to see anything either. I can place a sensory display in front of your eyes. It will work like the VR game and allow you to see outside, but that doesn't solve the problem that you won't be able to breathe" 
 Quinn then started to look around the room while trying to come up with an idea. It looked like creating this suit wasn't going to be as easy as he thought. He proceeded to spot a small figurine, with a type of gas mask on it, in the corner of the room. It reminded him of the mask he first used when he went out hunting. 
 "Could we create something like this? Maybe if we put some tubes, sticking out from the side or something, I can still breathe." 
 "Yeah, that could work, but you definitely won't get any points in the fashion department," Logan replied. 
 "Oh and one more thing. If we could make the mask open and close that would be great, you know, just in case I wanted to grab myself a quick snack while on the move," Quinn said smiling. 
 The two of them then sat down together. The crystals were placed in a seemingly special container while they were going through some type of melting process. Out of the 39 crystals obtained, Logan had said they would only need thirty, leaving the rest for Quinn. 
 Quinn had offered to pay for the process, or even give the remaining crystals to Logan, but he kept refusing. Stating that he could earn in a minute the amount of money used to create such a thing, so there was no loss on his side. 
 On top of Logan's desk, a large metal sheet was placed. Logan then placed his hand on the sheet and closed his eyes. Just like with the Gauntlet before, the metal started to break down and move. Eventually turning into little metal bugs again. 
 The metal bugs started to form a human figure until it moulded something that vaguely resembled Quinn. The two of them continued to go through the design process, altering what the metal model looked like. 
 Each time Quinn would give a suggestion, the robots would move in place. There was not much that could be done with the suit. It had to be black in colour and fit skin tight. However, the mask could be altered greatly. 
 When using the outfit and mask, Quinn wanted to strike fear into his opponent's hearts - He wanted something quite scary looking. They went through several designs until it was finally done. 
 Soon after, Logan went straight to work. The beast crystals that were in the container had been liquefied, and now Logan had once again put on his tool glove. He went over to his workbench and started working straight away. 
 Listening to every detail and simultaneously thinking so much was starting to make Quinn tired. He eventually drifted off at the desk, until finally he fell asleep. 
 After a while, Logan nudged the young man to wake up. 
 "Hey, wake up sleepyhead," Logan said. "It's done." 
 As Quinn opened up his eyes, he was greeted with a metallic life-size model of him. It was in the same height and the same body proportions to him. Although, it had none of his facial features. 
 But the big difference between the creation and him was the fact that it was wearing both the outfit and the mask they had designed together. 
 "It's amazing," Quinn said as he walked over to it and started to stroke the model. 
 The black suit was skin tight but had a scaled pattern like that of a snake throughout its entire surface. However, there were a few design touches added to it from Logan that Quinn hadn't asked for. 
 "Do you like the additions that I made?" Logan asked. 
 On the forearms going up to the shoulder, three red claw like marks could be seen on both sides. Although it looked nice, Quinn was hoping for the suit to be all black in colour. If he was to also use this at night, he probably would've been seen. 
 Nevertheless, when he looked at Logan's bags and his tired face, he found it hard to say no. 
 "It's great," Quinn replied. 
 Still, what looked the best out of all to Quinn was the mask - It was made out of a metallic material that went over the black suit. It covered the mouth all the way to the top of the nose. On the outside, by the cheeks, two squares could be seen that stuck out slightly. Over the mouth, a pattern of teeth could be seen protruding. 
 The teeth were moulded outwards to look more realistic, like that of a beast. It wasn't painted on the outside and when opened, it would look like a large beast was about to hold you in its jaws. 
 "Now, I do have to warn you. Although expensive metals were used when making this, there is a limit to how much it can endure." Logan explained. "They were only basic tier crystals after all. It will fare well against intermediate weapons, but anything stronger than that and it will be cut." 
 Quinn made sure to make note of that, for it would be the same when facing against beasts. If he was fighting during the day he would be sure to pick and choose his opponents. 
 Although suddenly, Quinn's body started to feel a strange sensation. It was a similar feeling to when he consumed blood, only a tad different. His eyes started to glow once again, a strange power was surging through his body. 
 'What the hell is happening?' Quinn thought. 
 "Hey, are you okay?" Logan said. "Do you need me to go get a doctor or something?" 
 As Logan stood in front of Quinn, he could see the colour in his eyes change, and even Logan stepped back a bit. At the same time, little metallic bugs started to come over and built a metallic suit of his own over his body. 
 Eventually, the bugs had completely formed a metallic suit that looked like that of a small mech suite, only without all the clunky parts and more in line with the shape of a human. These were all precautions that Logan took, just in case Quinn was to go out of control. 
 But then, the feeling died down and his eyes returned to normal, but a message had appeared. 
 [A family member has grown stronger] 
 "What is this?" Quinn said. "Does this have anything to do with Peter?" 
 Then a dreaded thought hit his head. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in author's notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 151 Another one 
 Standing alone in the fantasy section of the library was Erin and a strange boy known as Fex. Erin was still holding a Vampire love story in her hand, and her face had gone bright red as she couldn't believe someone had just caught her reading such a dirty book. 
 'How could they describe such intimate scenes in such a strange way? Although, the boy in front of me seemed to have some idea of what the book was. Could it be that the boy was interested in the same type of things?' She thought. 
 Quickly hoping to avoid further embarrassment, Erin put the book back where it was placed and started to walk over towards the boy. 
 As Fex saw her walking towards him, he started to lick his lips. 'What a tasty looking person,' Fex thought. 'Looks like most of the human minds in this school are pretty weak.' 
 Erin continued to walk forward with her head down, and when she was finally close enough, she halted her steps. 
 Fex started to smile. 
 "Now, why don't you lift your head, so I can take another look at your pretty face?" 
 Erin lifted her head, but dashed forward in an instant, a type of ice sword was forming in her right hand. Using her forearm, she pushed Fex up against the wall right by his neck. The area started to freeze and now an ice sword was pointed right at his throat. 
 "If you tell anyone about what you saw today, you're dead, you hear me?" 
 "What's with this girl, how can you just attack someone like that?" Fex cried. 
 Erin proceeded to slowly freeze both of his hands to the wall as well as made sure that he couldn't retaliate. 
 Gradually, the ice from Erin's forearm was starting to spread and was freezing Fex' neck as well. 
 "Look, I don't want to cause any trouble." He said. 
 Erin looked at him carefully, noticing all the features that he had. "Good, I will remember you, and if anyone finds out about what you saw today, I'll be coming back for you," Erin said as she took away the ice sword. She then started her exit, leaving Fex in this sticky situation, frozen to the wall with the ice still confining his body. 
 "Wait!" He shouted, "Aren't you going to let me go?" 
 Erin continued to walk off towards the centre of the library. Without turning back, she said, "It's just a little reminder of what can happen if you don't listen." 
 Eventually, Erin had left the library. The other people who were nearby went to look at the commotion down the aisle, wondering what was going on. However, all they could see was a single man stuck up against the wall. 
 A few laughed and giggled as it wasn't the first time they had seen something like this. After all, few of the braver boys among the first-year students had tried to confess their "love" to Erin. 
 But she hated it when people would waste her time. They would always ask to meet in a quiet or a secret place, and Erin would always think that it was for a matter of importance to her, yet it was the same every time. They would confess their "love" for Erin and ask her out on a date, the usual reply she would give was to stick these, in their own eyes, love interests to the wall. 
 She would often leave them there frozen in place while waiting for the ice to melt. She did this as a warning for other suitors in the future. Slowly, people started to get the message and stopped approaching her, so it had been a while since the other students had seen such a thing. 
 After having a giggle, most of the students continued with what they were doing, going back to reading books or chatting away in the library. 
 Then while no one was looking, Fex used his strength and to break free both of his arms from the ice. He then used his hands to crack the ice that was around his neck as well. 
 "Looks like someone was able to resist my charm already?" Fex said. "Well, now that just makes me want to go after her more. I will remember you ice girl. Perhaps this place won't be so bad after all. 
 ***** 
 Fex's original plan was to travel and explore the human world. To experience all the things his grandpa had told him, but his plans were quickly stopped once he was caught. When he woke up, he was in front of General Nathan. 
 They had explained to him what had happened and why he was brought there - How he had become a suspect of draft evasion. However, Nathan did say that as long as he contacts his guardians, inform them, and show proof of his age, they would let him go free. 
 But this was not an option for Fex. He was a lot more scared of his father and the others then he was off the humans. If he was to be found right now, he couldn't imagine the horrible things that his father would do to him. Besides, this was his only chance to experience what life was like, as a human. 
 When Fex thought all things were going well, Nathan had asked a question which was difficult for him to answer. 
 "Well, since you claim to no longer have any parents or such, there is just one thing I need you to do. Fill out this form for me, and we will get you starting your lessons as soon as possible." Nathan said. 
 A digital display then appeared in front of Fex's face with a little digital keyboard. It asked for basic details such as name and date of birth. For both of these things, Fex didn't use his real information, but then, there was one more question that was asked that caused him to pause. 
 It asked him what type of ability he had. For this question, he had a plan. 
 After checking over the details and seeing Fex's ability, there was no more work that needed to be done. A wristwatch was given to Fex before leaving. The display on the device was showing a number 1. 
 After seeing this, Nathan no longer had any interest in him. He would leave the scouting job to Duke, to entice him with higher-level ability books. The whole method Duke used didn't really sit well with Nathan, but he knew the base had a quota to hit. 
 Not knowing what to do, and knowing nearly no one at the base, Fex decided to head to the library to update himself on current events. Although, after entering the library, he soon got distracted, he was wondering what the people of Earth had thought about vampires. He wondered if they even had any new information on them. 
 This led him to his first real encounter with another student, Erin, the rest of the story was what got him frozen to a wall. 
 After looking at a few books about Vampires, he quickly realized that most of it was just a bunch of nonsense. They hadn't learnt much about how vampires actually operated, which meant Fex had to be even more careful not to reveal their secrets. 
 As Fex was leaving the library, he had no idea what to do, he decided that he would just have to go to his dorm room. While walking down the hallway towards the staircase, a student ran past him. As this student passed him, he caught a whiff of scent with his nose and a familiar smell registered in his mind. 
 It took him a while to figure out what this smell was, but when he recognized it, he realized it was very familiar to him, it was the smell of another vampire. However, he had realized this too late, when he turned his head, the student who had run past was already gone. 
 "Now this is interesting, I wonder what family he belongs to. What on earth is he doing at this base?" Fex thought 

 
	 Chapter 152 Fake Peter 
 In the dark alley away from the prying eyes of others, the two of them stood there in shock as they watched Peter feasting on a human body. Even though they were now only a few feet away from them, Peter continued to rip chunks of flesh from the body and shoving it in his mouth, as if he had been deprived of food for weeks. 
 Seeing the shocking sight, Layla could no longer stomach it. She turned her head away and felt like she was about to throw up, but before she did Vorden grabbed her, turning her back around and looked her in the eye. 
 "Don't throw up, keep it in. we can't leave anything behind. It would leave clues for them to find out we were here." As Vorden said these words there was a look on his face, it almost looked like panic. 
 Seeing the near panic on Vorden's face. Layla closed her eyes and started to imagine. 'Think of your happy place Layla. Just think of your happy places.' 
 The uneasiness in her stomach started to settle and when she opened her eyes once again she could see Vorden was now heading over towards Peter. But when the sight of the ripped up body came into view once again, the feeling in her stomach returned. 
 "I think I'm just going to step out of the alley for a bit and keep watch." Layla said as she quickly rushed out. 
 Layla seemed to be experiencing more and more gruesome things lately. When she saw that head the Dalki threw at them, she didn't really have time to take it in before the fear of being killed herself took over. 
 But this was different; she was able to fully take in the sight of Peter eating another person in front of her. Seeing what Peter was doing, suddenly she was starting to get second ideas about Quinn turning her into a vampire. Was it something she could really handle? The books made it seem so much easier. 
 "Peter!" Vorden said in an aggressive but quiet voice, "Peter!" 
 Suddenly, Peter seemed to snap out of whatever daze he was in. He looked at the body on the floor and in his hand was a piece of reddish-pink flesh. He had no idea which part of the body it had come from. He immediately dropped what was in his hand and started to scurry away backwards into the alley. 
 "Was this me?" Peter said as he thought back to what had happened just moments ago. 
 **** 
 When Earl had called out to him and had kicked him down the alley a type of rage had consumed him. 
 As Peter stood there looking at Earl's face all the memories of what had been done to him started to surface once again. Everything that happened to him, just because he was weak. Well, Peter wasn't weak anymore. 
 Earl readied his arm and went in for another slap to the face. 
 Peter grabbed it mid-air and using all his strength crushed Earl's fingers. As Earl yelled in pain the image Peter had earlier came true, making his hand into a claw like shape and using all the supernatural strength he had, he clawed towards Earl's neck ripping out the jugular in one go. 
 Then soon after, Earl had become a tasty snack for Peter. 
 Peter would have liked to say his mind was out of it, he didn't know what he was doing, but he knew that was all a lie. For every step of the way Peter knew exactly what he was doing. 
 The second Earl had hit him he knew what he had planned to do. For once he could get his sweet revenge, all the people that betrayed him, he would get rid of. They weren't needed in human society anyway. 
 The only thing Peter didn't plan for was what happened after. When seeing Earl's body on the floor, his eyes seemed to be attracted to something. It wasn't the blood but what laid beneath it. The pink line of muscle fibre and fatty cells. 
 Before he knew it he was digging in. 
 **** 
 Right now, in front of Vorden, Peter needed to keep up his act, as a weak minded boy. He was too worried what the others would think of him, if they found out he knew exactly what he had just done. 
 "I….I… Just killed someone." Peter said. 
 "Cut the crap," Vorden said." Now is not the time to act like this, how long has he been dead for?" 
 "What do you mean?" Peter replied. 
 "I said how long, it's important Peter. Five minutes, ten minutes?" The panic in Vorden's voice seemed to be getting urgent. 
 "I don't know, maybe ten minutes I would say." Peter answered. 
 Vorden then rushed over to the body, if you could still call it that, as it was now complete ripped up into little pieces. It was hard to recognise what was what, apart from the main body parts, but then Vorden found what he was looking for. The wrist watch. Using his powers he lifted the watch into the air before throwing it in a random direction as far as he could. 
 Wasting no time he then grabbed Peter by the arm and dragged him out of the alley. "We have to get out of here now." He said with urgency in his voice. 
 As the two were running they quickly saw Layla and she too could see Peter with blood all over his uniform. "What's happening?" Layla asked. 
 "We have to go, now!" Vorden shouted. 
 She didn't ask any more questions and the three of them quickly ran away from the second year building. Once they were out of there, they quickly headed towards the park where they were before, but they weren't rushing this time. 
 Vorden stayed in front going out from time to time while asking the other two to stay back. When the area was clear they would walk again until they finally returned to the open spot in the forest where they were practising a while ago. 
 "Take off your clothes now." Vorden said. 
 "What, but then everyone will see me naked." Peter replied. 
 Vorden then walked over to Peter and started ripping the clothes off him, by now he had lost his patience with Peter. He knew something like this would happen sooner or later. 
 "Get off!" Peter said. "I can do it myself." Using both of his hands he shoved Vorden with quite some strength but Vorden stayed on his feet. 
 Taking a step back Vorden then allowed Peter to take off his own clothes. 
 "What was the big rush back there, we just left the body in the alleyway, won't the school find out that a student died?" Layla asked. 
 "We had no choice," Vorden replied. "Maybe if we had gotten there a little earlier we could have done something, taken the body with us. But once the watch is taken off of or detects no sign of life it pings a message to the school. 
 "Fortunately for us the watch waits a full five minutes before sending this type of thing, that's why I was in a rush. If we were seen there's nothing we can do. At least now we won't be caught." 
 "But what about the body, won't they search for whoever did this?" 
 Just as Layla said this, the sound of leaves ruffling on the floor could be heard as another person entered this part of the forest. It was a student holding an umbrella in his hand. 
 "What body are you guys talking about?" Quinn asked. 

 
	 Chapter 153 No evidence 
 Once the strange feeling that had come over Quinn's body had disappeared. A message appeared, one stating that a family member of his had gotten stronger. There was no need to ask the system what the message meant because he could feel it. 
 The strange sensation and connection between him and Peter. It was a similar feeling to when he consumed blood but it wasn't him getting stronger it was Peter. 
 "I'm sorry Logan. Thanks for all your help, but I don't have time to talk now, I have got to go!" Quinn shouted. He went up to the mannequin that contained the mask and the suit and immediately put them into his dimensional void and just like with his other beast equipment, they had been registered with his shadow equip so he was able to put the costume on and off whenever he wanted. 
 Just as Quinn was about to leave though the door, he turned and looked at the workbench. On top there were several different mask designs all a little different form each other. They were the different designs he and Logan had come up with until they felt like one of them was best. 
 "Hey, Logan if it's not too much trouble, do you think you could complete the other mask designs for me?" 
 Logan chuckled to himself. "Are you kidding me? I could finish them all by the end of today if I wanted to." 
 Quinn smiled back and looked at the bags under his eyes he could tell that Logan had worked hard on the costume and hadn't even rested since finishing it. "Logan, I promise I'll pay you back for all this one day. As soon as I find out anything about this situation, I'll let you know." 
 With that, Quinn ran down the hallway and down the staircase rushing over to where Peter was. Although he had no clue where Layla and Vorden had taken him. It felt like the system or a part inside of him was telling him where Peter was. If he went towards the right direction the connection grew stronger. If he headed in the wrong direction it felt weaker. 
 It was similar to playing a game of hot and cold. 
 Without slowing down, Quin ran down the stairs and out the hallway ignoring everyone he went past. But for the first time a strange scent entered his nose. It was unusual for Quinn as he had never smelt this before. 
 Ever since he had turned into a vampire all of his senses seemed to improve apart from his taste but he could also say it was just heightened in other areas. Still, this smell was completely different to everyone else around him and he didn't know why. 
 If he wasn't in such a rush and panic he would have turned around to see just who was giving off such a strange smell. 
 Before leaving the school he grabbed a random umbrella at the entrance. Often people would forget their umbrellas after a day of rain leaving it out to dry, this made things a lot easier for Quinn. 
 Once he had left the academy, he continued to listen to his body following the connection which eventually led him to the park and finally inside the forest. 
 As he arrived he managed to hear the last few words that Layla had said. However there wasn't much to ask, judging by the systems message Quinn could guess what had already happened. And seeing the bloody clothes in Vorden's hands and the marks of dried blood on Peter's hands and mouth he already knew. 
 Peter had eaten human flesh and most likely killed someone in the process. While Quinn wanted to blame Peter for his actions he really couldn't. Quinn was the one who turned him into this creature, and he knew exactly what it was like. 
 When Quinn had turned into a vampire, he too was unable to control his lust for blood and ended up biting Layla in the process. It was just unfortunate that for Peter his needs were human flesh, which usually turns out fatal for the person being eaten. 
 As Vorden was exiting the forest from where Quinn had gone he whispered into Quinn's ear. "You need to do something about him and fast." 
 As soon as he said those words, he continued to exit the forest with the clothes in his hands while shouting. "I'll get rid of these; you guys look after Peter." 
 "Now can one of you please tell me what happened?" Quinn asked. 
 **** 
 Meanwhile Vorden made sure to cover the clothes as best as he could. When wrapped and piled in a bundle it was easy to cover most of the blood marks. He entered the school without being seen, and headed back to the dorm room where he put all of the bloody clothes into a plastic bag including his own. 
 Then from his and Peter's closets he grabbed a change of clothing. Luckily the school supplied them with plenty of uniforms, mainly because of how much fighting went on at the school. Although if you went through too many you would eventually have to pay for it yourself. 
 With a new set of clothes for Peter in one bag and the bloody clothes in the other, he needed to find a way to get rid of the evidence. 
 Just as he was walking down the hall and thinking what to do about it, he spotted someone who would make his life a lot easier for him. 
 "Hey Berg!" Vorden said. "How are you doing?" Placing the bag in his left hand into his other hand, he touched Berg on the shoulder and successfully copied his flame abilities. 
 "Oh Vorden," Berg said with a fake smile on his face. "It's so nice to see you, ermm about those crystals, you don't have to worry about giving them back. Think of it as a gift form my family to yours." 
 "Oh, thanks I was just coming to check if that was okay with you." Vorden replied. 
 But while Vorden was doing his best to fake a conversation, he noticed that many of the students in the hallway were gossiping about something. 
 "Did you hear about what they found?" One of the students said. 
 "You mean that thing they found behind the second-year building?" Another replied. 
 "Yeah all the students are outside, while the schools investigation team is trying to find out what happened." 
 "I think maybe a student got killed?" 
 "Inside the school, isn't this like the second case this year? Maybe we should start worrying if a beast got through the portals or something." 
 Vorden took this opportunity to break away from Berg and head to a place where he wouldn't be seen. It was quieter around the first year building now since most of the students had moved to the second-year building. They tried to see what was going on, or if they couldn't get close they were asking other students about it. 
 Using this opportunity Vorden was able to sneak off into a secluded area and burn all of the evidence without anyone noticing. 
 "I just hope there wasn't anything we forgot about." 

 
	 Chapter 154 A soloution? 
 Several soldiers were standing outside the second year building, they were blocking all the entrances both at the front and backside of the building. During the investigation, all the second-year students were ordered to gather outside on the field in front of the second-year building. A lot of rumours were going around in the crowd of students, they were all wondering what was going on. 
 The second-year teachers started the investigation because they were the first on the scene, when they discovered that it was actually a first-year student who had died, they called in the first-year teacher and handed over the investigation to them. At the back of the building, in the alley, Fay and Hayley were currently investigating the scene together. 
 Looking around the gruesome scene of the murder, Hayley and Fay were reminded of things they had seen on the battlefield during the war, that's how bad it looked to them. Because they were both war veterans they had become immune to this kind of blood and gore, as Hayley was kneeling on the floor and examining body parts, she seemed to be unaffected by the whole thing, she was picking up bloody bones and bits of flesh like she was checking out some clothes in a fashion store. 
 After she had looked around for a while it seemed like she had spotted something interesting, she started to pick up body parts one by one and placed them in a specific order, some of them she lined up in a row so she could examine them in more detail. 
 Looking at what Hayley was doing Fay said, "Are you trying to piece him back together or something?" 
 "I noticed something strange about all the parts I've gathered and lined up, they all have one thing in common," Hayley replied. 
 "As far as I can see the only thing they have in common is that they are spattered with blood all over. So what did you notice? Do you think it was some type of beast that came through a portal, or maybe it is a student with an unusual ability?" Fay asked as she looked around, she was trying to see what Hayley had noticed. 
 Hayley picked up one of the body parts which looked like part of a leg, she then showed it to Fay and said, "You see this here?" while she pointed at two puncture marks. "For the most part it looks like who or whatever did this used some type of claw to dig into this student's flesh, but on some body parts I noticed those puncture wounds that look like teeth marks." Hayley continued, "Sometimes the flesh is ripped from the body in whole chunks, but sometimes it looks like something chewed on it." In a soft voice, she whispered to herself, "It probably wasn't to taste the blood." 
 "Okay, I see what you're saying," Fay said with confusion on her face. "But doesn't that only confirm our theory that it was a beast that did this?" 
 "Well, the thing is, this isn't the first time that I've seen these kinds of marks. Do you remember when we went through the red portal and we discovered the true dream member?" Hayley asked. "Well, he wasn't the only one, I've seen the same marks on other students in the sickbay before." 
 "You're not saying those two students could have anything to do with it, are you?" Fay asked incredulously. 
 "I'm not saying that they are the culprit, but whatever it is, it's clearly following them around, or linked to them in some way." Hayley replied. 
 "Once this investigation is over, it looks like we will have to call the two of them in for some more questioning." 
 ***** 
 Once Vorden had returned to the park, he also explained what had happened on the way there, such as how the news had already spread and regarding the investigation of the scene. After cleaning Peter up with a few bottles of water, and changing his clothes, they all went back to the dorm room together. 
 Inside the first year building dorm room, the group had gathered. Vorden, Peter, Quinn were all sitting down, Layla, on the other hand, couldn't stop pacing around and was nervously fidgeting with her hair. 
 "Damn it!" Layla shouted. "Now that I've witnessed everything, I'll be called an accomplice. If they find out about this, we could be put in the dungeon. What will I tell my parents then?" 
 It was the first time the group had seen Layla so freaked out. Although she tended to overreact to things at times, it never seemed like she couldn't deal with the situation, however this time she was very worried and agitated. 
 "Peter, I think you owe us an explanation," Vorden said. "Fair enough, if you were hungry and needed to eat something, but why didn't you come to us? You knew we were waiting for you outside. This is the second time that you've done something like this." 
 "I'm sorry, I don't know what came over me," Peter said. "When the hunger grew and Earl slapped me, I just lost control. When I finally regained control, I was already eating his corpse, I don't know what happened in between." 
 Peter turned out to be quite an impressive actor. He looked frightened and worried, and everyone there bought it, even Vorden believed him in the end, even though he was unsure at first. Although, there was one exception. 
 "He's lying." The system said. 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn asked. 
 "Remember how I said that he would be required to eat human flesh. The worst-case scenario would be him losing control tomorrow. Even then the process would have been slower than this. He would have gotten hunger pangs first, and later he would slowly become unstable. You would have also felt the connection between the two of you grow weaker as he got more hungry. If you want to find out the truth, here is my advice, this is what you need to do…." 
 Quinn then stepped forward, in front of the others, with a serious look on his face as he confronted Peter. 
 "You need to tell me the truth, Peter. Why did you kill him?" As Quinn asked this question, he bit down on his thumb using his fang. He then lifted his hand, and like some type of magnet, Peter was attracted to it. 
 Peter immediately leapt up from where he was and started to suck on Quinn's thumb, absorbing the blood into his body. The connection between the two started to grow stronger again, and both of their eyes started to glow. 
 "Stop, stand back!" Quinn said in an authoritative voice, making Peter do as he was told and stand back. 
 "Now tell me, why did you kill that student?" Quinn again used that authoritative voice. 
 Peter's eyes lit up red and he felt like an urge to answer truthfully. It was like a magic truth spell, it forced Peter to be truthful with his master. He immediately started telling Quinn the truth. 
 "Earl, if it was anyone that deserved to die, it was him. Any day, whenever I was on my own and when your backs were turned from me, he would come to torture me. If I didn't obey, he would snap my fingers. Then, they had a healer come by and heal it again, proceeding to repeat the process of torturing me." Peter articulated his reasoning, sighing before continuing. 
 He saw me as an easy target. If I wanted to get away from the pain, I had no choice but to follow his orders. After I met with Duke I got rewarded with the ability books, but he didn't get anything from Duke, so he wanted to take his anger out on me. 
 He took me to that alley with a plan to beat me, just to satisfy his own need to be in control. But this time I finally had the power to fight back, so I decided to show him he can't mess with me anymore, he had it coming and he deserved everything he got. Eating him was just a little bonus, and I might have overdone it a bit." 
 Hearing the truth come out of Peter's mouth made Quinn feel a lot better. If he had done it for pleasure, or because his mind had been overcome with the hunger for human flesh, it would have made Quinn truly fearful. However, Peter had a good reason, even though it was a bit extreme. 
 At the moment, the way the school and the whole world worked, anyone who suddenly rose in power drastically would stand up and retaliate to their suppressors. It was just the way the system worked. Of course, this didn't happen very often, because most people didn't have a way to grow in power faster than their oppressors, not like Quinn and Peter anyhow. 
 "Peter your actions aren't wrong, and if I was in your shoes I would have done the same thing," Vorden said. "But here is where you and I are different. Your actions also put Quinn in danger. If you're caught, there is always a chance that it could lead back to him. And what's even more, we are involved as well." Vorden glared at Peter before continuing, "I plan to take my revenge on Duke and Momo in our second year, but when I do I will do it carefully, so no one else gets hurt." 
 When Vorden said this, he was also talking about himself. What happened to Peter made him feel like it was a reflection of his own actions. It was only because Vorden chose to hang out with them, which upset the order of things at the school, and then started to target the second years, that Duke seemed to have it out for him. And to get close to Vorden, he targeted his friends first. 
 It was the reason why he couldn't completely blame Peter for his actions. 
 With everything out in the open, there was no more use talking about it. It was best if they never spoke of what happened again, but all of them knew that it would have to be brought up soon. 
 "System, is there any way for Peter to stop consuming meat? Any way at all?" Quinn asked. 
 "Of course there is, but you're not going to like the answer I'm about to give you." The system said. "Just like yourself when you consume blood, you grow stronger, the same goes for Peter when he eats human flesh. Although for him there is a limit. Eventually, he will grow so strong that he will be able to evolve and will no longer require human flesh." 
 As the system said, Quinn didn't like this answer at all. The solution to Peter no longer requiring to eat human flesh was to eat more human flesh. 

 
	 Chapter 155 Plan B 
 The next day seemed to be more regular then the others thought it would be. The students still talked about the events that happened at the second year building, but the area was quickly cleared up and the second-year students were allowed to enter the building once again. 
 Although it didn't stop from rumours spreading between the students and eventually an announcement had been made updating everyone on the situation. It was an emergency announcement so each student got sent the same voice message via their watch. 
 The message said that a beast had escaped through one of the portals and it has been dealt with. They are investigating how a beast was able to get through such a thing, so the same mistakes were to not occur again in the future. 
 Luckily for the military, Earl had come from a no name family and his death wouldn't have any direct consequences whatsoever on the school. 
 The next day had arrived and the usual suspects were inside the same room once again all deciding on what to do with Peter. 
 "So do you feel hungry right now?" Layla asked. 
 "Not any more than usual when I wake up," Peter replied. 
 Vorden and Quinn had already brought plenty of raw food for him to eat, and for now, it seemed to have been working in suppressing his hunger. 
 The only problem was the system's words seemed to worry Quinn even more. Now that Peter has had a taste for Human flesh the chances of his hunger for it would come back even quicker. The only problem was, they didn't know how long Peter would have lasted before eating Human flesh. 
 If it was a week until he went crazy then the system would have been able to give a good estimate of when Peter would need food again. But because Peter had chosen to kill out of his own choice and had eaten before starving, it was unable to give a good estimate. 
 This thought was on the back of everyone's minds. 
 "Guys relax," Peter said nervously. "I won't be doing anything like that again and Quinn can testify to that as well. I promise, as soon as I get hungry again, I'll let you guys know straight away!" 
 "Still," Vorden said. "That doesn't solve our problem of feeding you when you do need to be fed. We may have gotten away with it this time but we need something consistent." 
 The other three thought long and hard of what their options could be, honestly though Vorden did have a plan, but it was a last resort. He still didn't trust Peter and wanted to see just how loyal he would be and only then if all the options had been thought of, would he tell them his plan. 
 "Have you tried drinking coffee?" Layla asked. 
 "Coffee?" the others thought, it was a bit of a random suggestion. 
 "Oh, well don't worry, I just read about it in a book once. Don't mind me." Layla said smiling away. "What about the cemetery or even a morgue? The city has one." 
 Quinn had actually thought of these suggestions early but once again the system had informed him of bad news. The meat being used had to be fairly fresh. To the point where it was being eaten off the bone or if someone had died recently. 
 But there weren't many people who would die in the military city just like that. It wasn't like a regular city which had high levels of crime and an old population. Also, the consequences of getting caught just trying to do that, didn't sit well with the others but it was much better than getting caught in the middle of killing another student. 
 The pressure was getting to Quinn... It felt like he was about to pull his hair out, no matter what, he couldn't think of a good way. The only solution he could come up with was killing more people and if he was to do so, he needed to start making a list of those who deserved it. 
 "Quinn, relax," Vorden said. "I have an emergency situation if it comes to it. For now, spend your day like normal while Layla and I will try to come up with something. If it doesn't work out, then we can use my back up plan." 
 "What is the backup plan?" Layla asked. 
 Vorden then called Quinn over and whispered into his ear while looking at Layla out of the corner of his eye. It was clear he was doing this just to get one up on her. He had a plan that would help Quinn out while she didn't. 
 Layla couldn't help but tap her foot and stare at Peter angrily in the corner of the room. 
 "Vorden, I can't let you do that!" Quinn said. 
 "As I said, only if it comes to it, it's the only thing that won't put us in any danger," Vorden replied. 
 Although Vorden had helped Quinn through this process, what he was suggesting was just too much. 
 While Vorden and Layla were basically babysitting Peter. Quinn was left to do his own thing. Whatever happened he didn't want Vorden to go through with his plan. So the only thing he could think of was the hospital. 
 There were plenty of cases where soldiers would get injured in mock battles or out on expeditions during portal training, and sometimes there would be lethal damage. Some might also catch a disease of some sort. 
 It was the only place Quinn could think of which would have the freshest but at the same time almost dead people in the city. 
 But while Quinn was outside, he decided to stop off at a certain spot. He was back in the park at the open area in the forest, where the others had trained with Peter. 
 The reason for him being here was because before doing anything, Quinn needed to make sure he was fine first. He threw his umbrella that was hanging over his head on the ground. 
 As the light touched his skin the normal system message had appeared. 
 [You are being hit by direct sunlight] 
 [All stats will be reduced by 70 Percent] 
 "Shadow equip!" Quinn called out. 
 The shadow started to wrap around his whole body this time and after a few seconds later, the black suit that Logan had designed covered his entire body and the demon-like mask was planted on his face. 
 [You are no longer being affected by sunlight] 
 [All stats have returned to normal] 
 It was a success. The outfit had worked and had done what it was designed for, but there was still one thing Quinn needed to get used to. The outfit covered his whole body from head to toe and that included his eyes. 
 As a replacement, Logan had installed some virtual eyes and the outside looked like that of an evil demon. Logan wanted the outfit to match Quinn's shadow ability. So he thought there was nothing better than to make him look like a shadow demon. 
 With his white glaring eyes and demon-like mask. Then the red claws running up the side of his arms. He truly did look like something out of a kids night mare. 
 The vision the eyes gave was nearly just as good as a regular human eye site. But it seemed to be a little slow compared to Quinn's. 
 If it was him before then it would have been fine but right now the virtual eyes clearly put him at a slight disadvantage compared to him at night. 
 Although the suit also had a night mode which allowed Quinn to lower the top half of the suit so his head could get some fresh air, while his face was still mostly covered by the metallic mask. 
 Even though the suit wasn't needed at night, it still gave him extra protection so it was best to use it when he could. 
 Quinn was over the moon as now there was no longer any need to hide his shadow ability from others. 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? then remember to vote. Stone goals in authors notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 156 It's starting 
 After testing out his new suit, Quinn tried using his shadow abilities and blood abilities to check if they worked as normal as possible. Everything seemed to be just as good and strong as he was usually. On top of that, it didn't seem to slow down his movements at all as the material was very flexible. 
 He was very happy with the suit and end result, he just couldn't thank Logan enough for making it. He put it back away in his shadow void and decided to start heading towards the hospital. 
 Luckily for him, he was able to enter the hospital with no problems. He could walk around as if he was a normal citizen heading to the certain room, but as he did walk around there was something that Quinn noticed that the hospital had that the school didn't. 
 In nearly every corner of the room, there was a round object with a blinking red light. They were cameras. The school's weren't allowed to install cameras due to the originals fearing that their ability might get copied or their techniques stolen. 
 However, that wasn't the same for around the city. The student wouldn't be practising their skills in the hospital so there wasn't any reason why cameras couldn't be installed there. This was a major problem. If Quinn or the others were to try to take anything, they would be caught on camera. 
 And he couldn't use the suit otherwise when he revealed himself, everyone would know it was him. There was the option of using shadow cloak. Although that made him invisible, the same couldn't be said for objects, he or others were touching. 
 The camera would pick up a floating figure and then report it, which would lead to another investigation. Still, it was an option but right now it looked like Vorden's plan was looking like the best one. 
 With nothing else to see, Quinn decided to head back, although while doing so he couldn't help but notice all the blood bags around him. 'Imagine finding that room, it would be an instant power increase.' Although for now, he couldn't think about it. 
 Maybe if there was ever an emergency that required him to get stronger, regardless if he was caught or not, he would come back here. 
 Just as Quinn was leaving the hospital a voice message seemed to appear on his watch, there wasn't even an option for him to listen to it or not, as it immediately started to play. 
 "Quinn Talen you are to report to General Nathan's office immediately. If you are not here in the next 30 minutes then we shall have guards come and escort you here immediately." 
 The message ended and Quinn couldn't help but feel nervous. Had they found out about him being a vampire? Or maybe Peter had been found and he had been ratted?! 
 Although he had all these thoughts, at the end of the day he had no choice but to comply, it was impossible to escape from the military base. 
 Doing his best to make it back to the school as quick as he could, Quinn had finally made it in time. He stood in front of Nathan's office and gave a knock before entering. 
 "Come in," Nathan said. 
 As Quinn entered through the door he could see Nathen standing there with Hayley and Fay in the room. But that wasn't what worried him. 
 The person that worried him the most, was the female who sat at the desk in front, for he had seen her once before a while ago. It was a person whose abilities could tell if one was lying or not. 
 "Please Quinn, take a seat," Nathan said. 
 **** 
 While Quinn was at Nathan's office. The other three were still in the room together. 
 "I'm going to head out for a bit, there's something I need to do, just in case we can't come up with anything," Vorden said. 
 "Do you mind telling me what this backup plan is?" Layla asked. 
 "Trust me, even if you did know, it wouldn't be possible for you and I don't think you would want to do it?" 
 "Why don't you try me?" She said with a smug look on her face. 
 Vorden then walked towards the door to leave the room where Layla was standing and as he walked past he whispered the plan into her ear. 
 After hearing Vorden's plans her eyes opened wide and her face dropped to the floor. At that moment her whole opinion of Vorden had changed, in fact, what he said was true. If it was her in his situation she was unsure if she could do the same thing. 
 With Vorden gone to make sure his backup plan was ready if all else failed, this left Peter and Layla alone in the room together. The two of them weren't exactly the closest but the problem was with what had happened last time when the two of them had talked. 
 Layla had told Peter off and even called him disappointing, but she saw him in a different light ever since he had sacrificed himself for Quinn. 
 As the two of them sat there awkwardly in silence Layla was starting to miss the crazy boy a bit. At least he was a conversation starter. 
 Some time had passed and the two of them started doing the things they would usually do, Layla brought out a book and started reading while Peter laid there thinking about how much he changed. 
 All the pain he had suffered from Earl had gone just like that, in an instant, Peter was able to get rid of him, and Peter didn't feel bad for killing him but instead felt like he had done something good. IF Quinn had this power all along why didn't he do anything? 
 'It's wasted on him.' Peter thought. 
 As they continued to do their own thing, a rumbling sound was heard. It immediately made Layla jump from the bed she was on, and look for the door. "Peter..." She eyed him warily, " You're not getting hungry are you?" 
 Peter wanted to lie, he wanted to tell her it was okay that nothing was happening. But the force of Quinn's blood ran deep into his veins and he felt compelled to keep his word to Quinn about telling them if he was feeling a certain hunger. 
 "I think it's starting," Peter admitted. 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? then remember to vote. Stone goals in authors notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 157 Questioning 
 It was late in the afternoon, and the sun was still shining outside. However, soon it would be dinner time for most of the students. While some were outside having dinner with their friends, others chose to have a meal at the school canteen. It was in the canteen that Vorden was at this moment. 
 He had already done what he needed to do, to complete his plan. After gathering some information from the other students, it had led him to the canteen. And now all he needed to do was head back to Peter. 
 Although Quinn said it was unlikely he would get hungry within one day after feeding, there was still a possibility that something could happen today. Which meant Vorden would have to make sure his backup plan was ready each and every day. 
 After grabbing a snack for himself to eat from the canteen, he headed back up to the dorm room to check on the others. As he opened the door though, he was surprised to see Layla standing in the corner of the room while having her bow pointed at Peter. 
 Peter himself had both of his hands up and was as far away from Layla as possible inside the little room. 
 "Whoa, what is going on here?" Vorden asked. 
 But before either of the two could say anything, a message was received on Vorden's watch. 
 "Vorden Blade you are to head to Nathan's office immediately. Judging by your location, you should be able to reach us in five minutes. If you are not here, then prepare to face the consequences." 
 "What is this about?" Vorden said. "You heard the message I've got to go. And you two, stop fighting and make up, we have enough problems as it is." 
 "No, wait!" Layla cried, but the door had already shut, and Vorden was rushing off to the office. 
 "I'm sorry, Peter," Layla said. "Let's just keep it like this for now. I'll stay by the door, and if anything happens, I'll leave first." 
 "Well, why don't you let me head over to the fridge and see if I can try to make the hunger go away," Peter asked. 
 Layla took a deep breath before replying. 
 "Fine." Using her telepathic ability, she opened the fridge door and pulled out a piece of meat for Peter. Making sure Peter kept his hands up while she was doing this. After seeing what he was cable of and what happened to Earl. She wasn't taking any chances. 
 When Peter asked if he could use his hands to eat, Layla allowed it, but she kept her arrow slightly drawn and facing Peter the whole time. 
 'Quinn, where the hell are you?' Layla thought 
 **** 
 Inside the office, Quinn did as asked and sat down in the seat, opposite the lady. He was still unsure exactly why they had called him here. 
 "Now Quinn, I'm sure you're thinking why we called you here, Right?" Nathan said. "Well, as you may know, there was a death yesterday, and we're trying to find out who's responsible." 
 "Wait you're saying it wasn't a beast?" Quinn said, trying to act surprised. 
 "Well, it might be, who knows, all we do know is there have been quite a few cases like this before, do you remember how we called you into questioning a while ago. Well back then we didn't ask you many questions because a level one couldn't possibly be able to kill higher levels. So after asking whether you did it or not, we let you go. 
 "However, death seems to be following you around lately, and we need to know if its bad luck, or maybe it's someone with bad luck that is following you around. So please if you could touch the pretty ladies hand, we can begin the questioning" 
 Quinn did as asked, and the two touched hands, at first, there was no reaction as the woman had yet to activate her ability. 
 All Quinn could hope for now was that they would ask him simple questions like last time. If they just asked him if he was the one responsible for Earl's death, then he could answer truthfully. It seemed like he had gotten away with it the last time due to him only being a level one. They never really considered him a suspect in the first place. 
 But this time was different. It was the second time he was being interrogated so they must have found some type of link, linking him to the others, but the truth was he really did have no clue about what happened to Brandon. He only knew about Loop. 
 "Now Quinn, do you know the truth of what happened to Earl Hampton yesterday?" the lady asked. 
 'This was it!' Quinn thought. They had asked a question, and in an instant, she would know if he was lying or not. Her hands started to glow, and energy started to enter Quinn through his hands, then a message from the system appeared. 
 [An ability has been detected] 
 [Users mental strength and charm is strong enough to block the ability] 
 [Would you like to block the ability?] 
 To his surprise, a new message had appeared, unlike what happened last time. It was an unexpected but welcome result. When the ability was used on him last time, it had completely gone through. The only difference between now and before was he had evolved into a full vampire, and obtained the charm stat. 
 It seemed like the charm stat was becoming more useful with every new problem he faced. The issue now was if he blocked the girl's ability, would she be able to tell it was blocked? Or would it feel like he was telling the truth? 
 In the end, it depended on how her ability would react to him blocking it, Quinn was unsure of this as well, it was a total gamble. 
 Still, he decided there was nothing to lose right now, so his best option was to block the ability and see how she would react. After confirming with the system that he wished to block her ability, Quinn answered he question: "no". She then let go of Quinn's hands. 
 "He's telling the truth." She said. The reason why she believed this, was because of how her ability worked. It couldn't actually tell if someone was telling the truth or if someone was lying. The ability could actually only determine if someone was lying, when someone she was touching was lying, she would feel a reaction from her ability, but there was no reaction when someone was telling the truth. 
 This meant if no reaction was felt, then that person wasn't lying. What she didn't know was that Quinn was able to block her ability entirely, ultimately causing no reaction to happen what so ever. 
 The interrogation went on after the girl touched Quinn's hands again, Nathan was asking Quinn questions about the missing students from before, and eventually this line of questioning lead to the bite marks. Quinn answered the questions he could as truthfully as possible, but whenever he wanted something to stay hidden, he would use the system to block the girls ability. 
 "Alright, the interrogation is over Quinn," Nathan said. "It seems like you were innocent, just like we thought." 
 "Oh, then why did you try to question me?" Quinn asked. 
 "Just to be absolutely certain." Nathan replied. "This time, we have decided to be thorough, since there has now been more than one case, and it seems that they are following the same pattern. Still, we can now be sure that you are not the culprit, just like we expected." 
 Quinn was then asked to stand next to Fay and Hayley, to the side of the interrogation room. They stood there for a while as they stared at the door, waiting for the one they truly thought was the culprit. 
 Then a few moments later, a knock at the door was heard. 
 "Come in!" Nathan shouted. 
 Vorden had walked through the door, and to his surprise, Quinn was there with them. 
 "Please, Vorden is it? If you could sit in this chair, we would like to ask you a few questions." 
 This was bad, Quinn thought. Although he had gotten through the integration due to his system's ability, the same couldn't be said for Vorden. If they asked him the same questions they had asked Quinn, then he, or even all of them would be caught. 
 ***** 
 Another three chapters will be uploaded at 00:00 China time to finish the mass release. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in author's notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 158 Hello Quinn 
 As soon as Vorden had entered the room and saw Quinn and the others, he was trying his best to figure out what was going on. Judging by the fact the head of the first years, General Nathan, was here would suggest it was very serious. However, Vorden couldn't make the link between him and Quinn? How had he come to the conclusion the two of them were involved in something. 
 If someone had spotted them when they were escaping with Peter, it would make more sense for them to call Layla and Peter, not Quinn. The only thing that the two of them had done together was head to the red portal planet. 
 Unknown to both of them, the thing that had linked the two together were the bite-marks. It was too much of a coincidence to see bite marks on multiple students as well as one on the red portal planet. The one connection they all had was Quinn. But they had their doubts it could be him, so now there number one suspect was the person who was with Quinn at the time of these events. 
 "Please sit down." Nathan said politely. 
 One thing was for sure, Vorden was happy that it was Nathan in the room and not Duke. After learning everything that Duke had done to try and get rid of him for some reason. Vorden would have been tempted to do attack him right there and then. 
 Vorden sat down in the chair opposite the girl, while he was sitting, he would give the odd glance towards Quinn. He could see that Quinn had a worried look on his face which meant something was going to happen that they didn't like. 
 "Now were just here to ask you a few questions Vorden, simple right?" Nathan said with a smile. Usually Vorden was quite good at reading people, but for some reason Nathan creeped him out, with that smile. Because it was nearly impossible for him to tell if it was genuine or not. "But I warn you to answer truthfully now, for our beautiful girl here can tell when you are lying, or when you are telling the truth." 
 Suddenly, Vorden realized why Quinn was fidgeting about so much, and why he looked so worried. They were clearly questioning Vorden about some type of event, had they found out what he was and just wanted him to confirm it, or did it have something to do with Peter. The problem was Vorden himself didn't know how much information Quinn had revealed. 
 The women then held out her hand for Vorden to touch it. When the two of them touched hands, Vorden had copied the women's abilities but he didn't really know how it worked and it wasn't something he could figure out right now. If he could, perhaps there was a way he could use it against her. 
 "Did you have anything to do related to death of the student named Earl Hampton?" She asked. Vorden didn't answer immediately, because he was trying to think. 
 Hearing that name Vorden finally knew why they had called him. He didn't know why Quinn had been asked to come here or what Quinn had said but the best thing to do now was to lie and not get caught. All Vorden could do was hope that Quinn had done the same. 
 The teachers had made one mistake before interrogating Vorden, and that was telling him the abilities of the female in front of him. If her ability worked similar to the lie detectors of the past, then as long as the person answering believed their own answer, or if they really didn't know the even, then it would still be seen as the truth. Although Vorden was there the, same couldn't be said for Sil. 
 He couldn't rely on Raten because Raten often stood by Vorden; s side when he was in the chair watching everything he did while criticizing him and also giving him advice. But it was different for Sil. Sil spent most of his time sleeping in the room or just sitting in the back staring blankly in front of him. 
 This was the only option he had and he hoped it would work. He closed his eyes and left the chair. As he did he walked over towards Sill who was in a fetal position rocking backwards and forwards like he usually did. 
 "Sil, there is some lady who wants to ask you some questions." Vorden said. "All you need to do is answer them and then we can go play." 
 "Play?" Sil replied back staring at Vorden. 
 "Yeah, Quinn is in the room as well and they asked him the same question. So I need you to do the best you can, to answer for me know. Okay?" 
 Whenever Vorden spoke to Sil. He would speak in a slow patient voice, like a mother did when talking to their child. This was because Sil's mind was quite childlike. One wrong word could set him off on a tantrum, usually parents were stronger then their kids though and if this were to happen they could control them. But in this case Sil was both stronger then Raten and Vorden so they always had to speak to Sil om a careful manner. 
 "Okay, and then Quinn and I can play together right." Sil asked 
 "Yeah, but maybe only for a little bit okay." Vorden replied. 
 Sill sat there as if he was thinking about it. 
 Meanwhile outside Vordens mind. 
 "If you don't reply Vorden, we have to take your silence as a confession that you were involved somehow." Nathan said. 
 Just as Vorden was about to give up and go back into the chair Sil replied. 
 "Deal." Sil said with a smile on his face. 
 Sil stood up and ran over to the chair with a smile on his face. 
 Back outside Sil was happily smiling away looking at the people around him. When he spotted Quinn, he started to wave. Quinn found the actions weird especially when they were in a tough situation like this, this behavior was unlike how Vorden usually acted. 
 Still, Quinn decided to wave back which put an even bigger smile on Sil's face. 
 "You have a question for me." Sil said pointing at himself. 
 Even the women was a little taken aback by the change in attitude but decided to press on. She repeated the question and asked again. 
 "No I wasn't there." Sil replied. "I don't even know who this Earl is, the only person I know is Quinn." Sil said pointing in Quinn's direction. 
 The women continued to ask questions that Nathan had presented and Sil continued to answer in a naive childlike manner. "He's telling the truth, not a single time did either of them lie." 
 Nathan then went to adjust the glasses on his face, a habit of his when he was stressed out. "Maybe we really do have a beast roaming around the school." Nathan then looked at the two of them, his gut feeling was telling him something was wrong. But it was impossible, the girl's ability was clearly telling them they were looking in the wrong direction. 
 "You two stay here for now." Nathan said. "We're going to keep you here for a while, and pull up some people who were around the scene at the time, see if anyone spotted you there too." 
 "Huh, but we already answered your questions." Quinn complained. 
 "Look, if you're not guilty then you have nothing to worry about, right?" Nathan replied. "All I ask is that you stay here a little longer. 
 With that most of the sergeants had left the room to try and gather more information. The only ones left inside were them with Fay and the girl. Now that the two of them were no longer under interrogation they were free to sit on the couch and relax together. Right now Fay was busy looking over some documents with the girl while the two boys were sitting next to each other. 
 But while doing so, Sil couldn't help but keep smiling at Quinn. 
 "Umm, Vorden are you okay?" Quinn asked. 
 Sil then turned his head to the left and right to check if anyone was nearby, before placing his hand over his mouth and whispered. "Oh, I'm not Vorden, my name is Sil." 

 
	 Chapter 159 Too Hungry 
 "Will you calm the heck down?!" Raten shouted. 
 Vorden was continuously pacing up and down as he saw Sil take control of the seat in the black room. It was a rare occurrence. Sil usually came out in times of danger and even then, once the danger was over, he would return back to his dark corner. Yet for some reason, Sil seemed to be slightly changing ever since Vorden had first met Quinn. 
 Vorden liked the change and thought Quinn would eventually be a good influence on him. But now was not the time. They were in a tense situation and Quinn had enough on his mind. Vorden could do nothing but stand there. He was afraid if he was to approach Sil, he might freak out and remain in control for the whole time. 
 "Vorden, are you okay?" Quinn whispered back. 
 Sill quickly shook his head rapidly. "I told you, my name is Sil. I have been waiting to meet you Quinn." 
 Quinn did not know how to react to this. He calmed down and started to think. How did Vorden manage to escape the interrogation with the girl? Was it something to do with his power? Or something entirely different? Right now, Vorden was claiming to be a different person. If the person before him didn't look exactly like Vorden, he would have believed him. 
 "Maybe it is an ability he copied before coming here?" Quinn thought. "A mind swap ability which allowed Vorden to fool the girl. Vorden, you are a genius." 
 "Nice to meet you Sil." Quinn smiled back. "Thanks for helping us back there, we really owe you one." 
 "No problem at all." Sil said. He lifted his hand and started rubbing Quinn's curly hair, as if he was a cute dog. Quinn was starting to have odd feelings about this. If it was just the two of them in a room, he would have pulled away or even pushed Vorden, no Sil back. But they were still under watch and he didn't want to cause a scene. "If you ever need any help, you can always call me." 
 Inside the black room, Sil left the chair and walked away. As he crossed Vorden he said, "Thank you, it looks like he won't become another Caser after all." 
 Hearing that name brought back bad memories for Vorden and Raten, but now was not the time to think about it. Vorden quickly rushed over to the chair and took control. To Vorden's side was Quinn, however, his hand was still on top of Quinn's hair. His face went bright red as he pulled his hand back. 
 "Sorry about that...that was... that was…" Vorden started to stumble on his words. 
 "That wasn't you, I could tell." Quinn replied. "Good thinking on the mind swap thing. For now, as long as none of us were seen that day, we have nothing to worry about." 
 As the words left Quinn, he felt something fade away from his body. He was losing an important part of himself, the connection with something was being lost and he knew exactly what it was. 
 "What's wrong?" asked Vorden. 
 Grabbing his chest, Quinn replied, "I think it's Peter. He is hungry. I can't control him for much longer. I'm already losing the connection." 
 "But it was only yesterday that he had his fill." said Vorden, making sure to keep his voice down. 
 "I know. Guess we are just unlucky. At this rate, if he doesn't get it every day, he will continue to starve. And I'm afraid when he is hungry, I can't control him like I did earlier." 
 When Vorden heard Quinn's words, his mind went back to the time before he came to Nathan's office. When he entered the room, he remembered seeing Layla pointing an arrow at Peter. 
 'Did it already start back then?' Vorden thought. 
 They had been in the interrogation room for nearly two hours now. As they looked outside, the sun had already set and was replaced with the dark night sky. 
 "Quinn, we have to get out of here!" Vorden said, grabbing him by the hand. "I think Layla's in trouble." 
 A beep was heard in the room as the door slid open and in came Nathan, followed by Fay and Hayley. 
 "Looks like we are in luck and someone found something." Nathan said with a smile. 
 Just behind them, another student entered the room. 
 **** 
 Inside the dorm room, Peter had eaten every single bit of raw meat he could find in the fridge, but it didn't help his hunger at all. And the pains in his stomach were starting to get worse. 
 "Peter, please! You are really starting to scare me." Layla said 
 He was now hunched over the floor, grabbing his stomach. "Layla please, just leave!" Peter shouted. 
 "I can't! What if you go kill someone again? Come on, you can fight it. I have been on diets ten times worse than this. Once I only drank juice with no food. Would you believe that?" Layla continued rambling on, in the hope of calming both Peter's nerves as well as her own. 
 "I would rather it be someone who deserved it, than you." Peter said as he looked up at her from the ground. "You were the one who taught me how much of a scumbag I was, but I'm different now." At that moment, he felt as if someone was reaching down into his stomach with their hand and were trying to pull all the food he just ate up and onto the floor. 
 A few seconds later, everything that Peter ate came back up along with some greenish liquid. 
 "Peter, are you okay?!" Layla asked, with a concerned look on her face. 
 As Peter raised his head, his eyes were glowing a bright red. His two front fangs grew larger. They were sticking out over his lower lip now. He slowly got up from the ground and made his way towards Layla. 
 "Peter, I'm sorry." Layla said as Peter edged closer towards her. She let go of the drawn arrow, aiming for Peter's knee. 
 The arrow hit the mark. It made no difference as Peter didn't even try to dodge the arrow. He pulled the arrow out from his knee and broke it with a snap. The mark left by the arrow healed instantly. 
 This was it. She tried her best to control him but it was clear that Peter was no longer present. He was just another monster now. She reached for the door and tried opening it, but a loud crash, as if someone had just broken a glass, made her pause. 
 Turning around, she saw the bedroom window was broken. She rushed to the window, avoiding the broken glass. As she looked outside, there was no sign of Peter. They were currently in a three story building. If a human was to jump from here without any support, they would break their legs. But Peter was no longer human. 
 Peter limped in the darkness towards the forest. The fall broke his legs but even as he walked, they continued to heal. "I won't hurt any of you guys. I promise." Peter told himself. "But I have to do something to get rid of this hunger." 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in the author's notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 160 Mysterious family 
 Out from behind the teachers came a student. One that Quinn wasn't familiar with, however Vorden knew him quite well. As soon as the student entered and looked at the two of them he also noticed Vorden. The student was Berg Sunshield. At the sight of Vorden his palms suddenly started to sweat. After seeing him on planet Caladi. Berg had decided to try to gather more information about him and his family. 
 He had informed his family members that he had met up with one of the Blades. Immediately their tone of voice had changed, and his father said to do whatever he could to make sure the Blades wouldn't get upset with them. It was a strange reaction. Although his father didn't carry a high rank in his family he was still respected as a member of one of the big four. It was the first time he had seen him act like this at the mention of anyone's name. 
 The even stranger thing was, when Berg had tried to search information about the Blade family he couldn't find anything. Nothing at all about what type of ability they had, nothing about their contributions in the war. Even when asking his friends, none of them seemed to have ever heard about the Blade family. So it made the reaction his father had all the more strange. 
 Soon enough though his father's fear, became his fear, and the mystery behind Vorden grew within his mind. 
 "Now Berg here said on the day of the event he saw a student running through the halls looking quite panicked." Nathan said. "Humans are strange things you see and they love a little bit of gossip. While everyone else was heading to the second year building to see what was going on. A single student was running in the opposite direction. Coincidentally though Berg's description seems to match one of you, a curly black haired boy…" 
 Quinn remained silent, there was no way they could convict him just for having a suspicion. The problem was that they now had a witness, and because they were suspicious of him they would probably keep a closer eye on him from now on. This would only cause more problems in the future, especially now he had Peter running wild in his ranks. He decided the best thing to do for now was to just keep his mouth shut, if he said anything it would be easy to slip up and make everything worse. 
 Vorden then started to laugh by his side. 
 "You really think Quinn did it?" Vorden said. "Come on, the two of them don't even share the same classes, besides do you know how many curly haired students with black hair there are in this school?" 
 "Well you see Vorden, that's why we brought him here, so he could confirm who he saw that day." 
 That day Berg had seen Quinn running through the halls. As soon as he entered the room he recognized him but seeing Vorden defend him so suddenly like that he knew something was up. 
 "This isn't the kid I saw that day." Berg said. "I'm pretty sure it was someone else." 
 "What!" Nathan said. "Are you sure? Come closer and take another look." 
 Berg did as asked and stepped closer and looked at Quinn carefully trying to act the best he could. He took a quick glance at Vorden, he must have been imagining things, because he was seeing and feeling a strange power coming from him, but that can't be possible. 
 "I'm sure it's definitely not him." Berg said." Do you mind if I go now?" 
 Nathan then went down to sit in his large office chair, he looked outside and could see the sky was now completely black and only the moonlight was out. After letting out a big sigh he leaned back and put his legs on the desk. "Let's call it a day. It looks like I've wasted everyone's time here for no reason." Nathan said. "You're all free to go home and remember to get a good rest." 
 Quinn was unsure what had just happened, perhaps Berg really did see someone else running through those halls and it wasn't him, but whatever the case was they were now free to go. Quinn and Vorden looked at each other and walked quickly out of the room. They had the urge to run but they tried to walk in a slow and normal way, otherwise the others would notice that something was up. 
 Before leaving Vorden turned and said. "Thank you Berg, I owe you one." 
 "Just remember this for the future." Berg replied. 
 **** 
 Outside Peter was walking through the forest, he was no longer limping as his legs were now fully healed. However the pain in his stomach still hadn't disappeared. It was a strange feeling, Peter's mind was all there, it was him and he could control his body, but all he could think about was eating raw human flesh, he kept thinking about how delicious Earl had tasted. 
 Not wanting to hurt any of his friends he tried to go as far away from the school as possible and before he released it he had ended up in the park forest once again. "Am I going to die if I don't find anything? Err, anyone…" 
 He slowly made his way through the woods until eventually he had reached a pathway. The pathway went around the outskirts of the woods and park until it eventually had an entrance and an exit. One leading to the city and the other leading back to the direction of the school. But it was late at night and not many people would be walking through the park to head to the center of the city as all the shops would be closed by now. 
 The only thing that was still open were convenience shops that were stationed just a little bit before the park. "Should I head to the convenience store? Maybe I can find someone and follow them back, pull them into the woods." Peter was saying to himself. 
 Just as Peter was thinking of going through with his own suggestion he spotted someone walking down the path. His body wanted to lunge out at the person but Peter tried to fight against it, staying in the woods. 
 Suddenly the person stopped and stood still. 
 "I can feel your bloodlust from here." The boy said. "Come out you ghoul and tell me, where the hell your master is." 
 The boy's eyes glowed red in the dark as he stared right into Peter's eyes. 
 *** 
 Want another mass release? Then please remember to vote. Stone goal in the author's notes below! 

 
	 Chapter 161 Right side? 
 Quinn and Vorden started to head back to their dorm room, making sure not to go too fast. They didn't want another situation where a student would see them running through the halls, which would draw attention and make them look suspicious. 
 But as they walked through the halls several thoughts were running through both of their minds. Quinn could no longer feel the connection between himself and Peter, while Vorden was kicking himself for not making sure that Peter and Layla were okay. He just never thought Peter would get hungry so quickly, he only ate Earl yesterday. 
 They had finally arrived just outside the room and when they opened the door, the first thing they saw, was the broken window and glass shards all over the floor. 
 "Huh, where's Layla?" Quinn asked. "You don't think Peter already…ate her do you? 
 But if that was the case Quinn would have gotten a message from the system, and also there was no blood to be seen in the room. 
 That's when they heard a small little sobbing sound coming from one of the corners. As they turned their heads to see where the sound was coming from, they could see Layla curled up into a ball sobbing in the corner. 
 "Oh." Quinn said with a sigh of relief. "You're still alive." 
 Layla looked up and noticed the two had arrived back together. 
 "Where were you guys!" Layla said with an angry tone. "I can't believe you left me on my own, you know I'm not strong enough to deal with something like this." 
 It was clear Layla had been given quite a shock. Quinn did his best to calm her down. He looked at her sobbing away and didn't know what to do in this type of situation, he had never encountered a girl crying before. 
 Then a memory came into his head, one that he had almost forgotten. When he was only three years old, Quinn had gotten lost from his mother in the supermarket. The place seemed to be a whole different world to him at the time. He felt alone frightened and when his mom finally found him. She had given him a big hug that made all the bad feelings go away. 
 Just then, Quinn wrapped his hands around Layla tightly. "It's okay, don't worry Layla, I'm sorry about all of this. It's all my fault, I should have known better." Quinn said. 
 Although Layla was frightened, she had expected Quinn to do something like this. The hug felt nice and warm and reminded her of her family. But what actually made everything even better was the look on Vorden's face. 
 For some reason when Vorden saw this he had the look of worry on his face. Layla thought that perhaps it was jealously because she was getting closer to Quinn. But actually Vorden worried about Sil. Luckily Sil was quietly sleeping inside the dark room and didn't get to see this scene. 
 The hug went on for a while to the point where it seemed to be getting awkward for Layla. This was because Quinn was unsure about the appropriate amount of time to hug someone. 
 "Quinn, I'm okay now. You can let go." Layla said as she made sure to wipe away the remaining tears from her face. 
 "Layla, you need to tell us what happened, where's Peter?" Vorden asked. 
 Layla recalled the events of what happened while the two of them were away, saying that it hadn't happened that long ago, around 15 minutes had passed. This coincided with when Quinn had felt the connection between the two of them got lost. 
 "If he's outside I have to go find him, before we have another Earl situation on our hands." Quinn said. 
 "This is bad." Vorden said. "Especially since they already suspect us, we can't deal with a situation like this right now. 
 Quinn then started to get ready to leave the room. "You two stay here, if worst comes to worst I can use my shadow skill to hide myself. Besides even if someone saw me they won't know who I am." 
 "Wait!" Vorden shouted. "I'm coming with you. If Peter is like Layla says he is, then you're going to need me. We're just going to have to go through with plan B." 
 Quinn didn't like it, he didn't like it one bit. Whatever happened he didn't want to go through with Plan B no matter what, but right now, what choice did they have? 
 "Alright, come on let's go." Quinn said. "Layla, it might be best if you head back to your own room. Also if you can prepare some blood for me, I might need it when I come back." 
 Layla nodded as the two of them went off downstairs. 
 'Quinn sometimes, I think you're too nice for this world.' Layla thought. After clearing away the broken pieces of glass Layla decided to head towards her own dorm room. 
 She knocked a few times before entering, pondering if Erin was already back or not. There was no answer and when she entered the room Erin was nowhere to be seen. 
 Underneath her bed, she pulled out a little chest with a digital lock. After entering the authorization code the chest opened and she took out a sphere shaped object. She then brought the ball with her over to the room door, that way she could hear if anyone was coming in, and she could quickly put it away again. 
 Pressing the top of the ball caused it to light up and she waited for a few moments as the light dimmed in and out. 
 "Hello agent 84, do you have another report to give." A female voice said coming from the communication ball. 
 "Yes, Ma'am. I wish to give you an update on the report I gave you earlier. It turns out what I believed would be good for our cause, turned out not to be so good for us after all. I will send you the full details later. 
 "That is a shame to hear." The female voice coming from the orb said. "I hope you do get to enjoy your time left at the school, continue on with the original mission. Also on another note. Mr Truedream will be visiting the base soon. We are unsure of which candidates will be selected this time, but don't worry too much if you are selected." 
 "Noted." Layla replied. 
 "May Pure be with you." The woman said. 
 "May Pure be with you." Layla replied in a way that made it sound forced. 
 'Quinn, I hope I'm doing the right thing not just for my sake but for everyone's.' She thought to herself. 
 **** 
 As soon as the Quinn and Vorden went past the school gate they were free to rush off and run about, now that they were away from the eyes of the soldiers and guards. They had just entered the path and it seemed the place was empty of people, probably because the curfew was coming up. 
 "Vorden I'm going to go on up ahead, I think I got Peter's scent." Quin said. 
 "Peter's scent? What are you, a dog?" Vorden said sarcastically. 
 But the next second a shadow had gone other Quinn's body and soon after it was replaced with a black figure, a mask on his face and his beast equipment on his arms and legs. Into the night he sped away, rushing into the forest. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? remember to vote, Stone goal in the link below! 

 
	 Chapter 162 Starved Ghoul 
 Peter's senses were all over the place. He couldn't even tell what was in front of him, everything just seemed on high alert, and his vision was quite blurry, while the smells all around him were overwhelming. The grass underneath his feet, the wood sap form the trees it was hard to keep them all separate in his mind. In the end the only thing he could concentrate on was the human shaped figure in front of him. 
 The pain had gotten the better of him, and he would now do anything to get rid of that hunger. As Fex saw the ghoul leap out from the forest, he prepared himself by getting into a fighting stance. It had leapt quite a distance from the forest and out onto the path. While it was in the air it had stuck out all of its limbs very wide, like it was some type of beast. Then at the right moment, Fex lifted his head of the ground and swung it outward like a whip hitting Peter right in the center of his body. 
 He went flying through the air quite a distance away until his body banged on the floor and skittered away. 
 "Well that should keep it down for a while." Fex said to himself. 
 However, nearly instantly Peter was standing up once again. A few of his ribs had been broken in the process but they regenerated almost instantly. 
 Even though Peter was a ghoul, Fex was sure he had used enough force to take one out. 
 "Is he starved? Now who would be stupid enough to turn someone and not have everything prepared beforehand?" Fex thought, not knowing how Peter came to be a ghoul. 
 A starved ghoul healed a lot quicker than usual and they were dangerous to go up against even for Vampires. Still, this also came with their own downsides. The more times it would heal itself, the more energy it would use, it was basically starving itself more each time it healed, and eventually there wouldn't be any energy left, and healing would come to an end. 
 Peter came rushing forward once again but Fex didn't look too worried. "I'm really not into killing other people's family members, if I did then it could start a civil war and I don't want to be the one to blame for that." 
 Fex then started to fiddle about with his fingers, pulling them in and out as if he was making something but when looking at his hands nothing could be seen. With Peter coming closer to him he was finally ready. He ran towards Peter and just when Peter was about to swing for his head, Fex ducked at the right moment, he dashed forward not touching Peter but swiping his hands around him in the process. 
 This continued onward for a while, Peter would strike while Fex would dodge staying close to him, moving his hands but not touching. Then Peter started to notice something, his own movements where getting slower and slower as the fight continued, his arms were the first to slow down and eventually it was his legs. When he looked down and noticed what was happening it was too late. 
 Peter had fallen to the ground and was now comply tangled and tied up in some type of string. "It's a shame, if you worked for me I could turn you into a really good puppet. Your quite strong for a ghoul, it took more strength then I thought to slow you down." 
 As Fex started to think of puppets, another person came into his mind, the girl who had frozen him to the wall. "Now, she would make a perfect human puppet. I wonder if she would accept." 
 Fex then knelt down and looked at Peter who was trying his best to break free, but the string was almost indestructible and was being powered by Fex's MC. He then lifted Peter's head off the ground and looked into his eyes casting some type of spell. "Suppress the hunger within yourself, calm down." 
 After saying those words Peter felt something inside his body change, the hunger suddenly didn't feel as bad as before and he was slowly starting to get a hold of himself a bit more. He could now see the person in front of him clearly, he also noticed that this person smelt different, different to other people anyway. 
 "I didn't create you so the spell won't last for long." Fex explained. "Now tell me, which family do you belong too? If you're a crazed ghoul you couldn't have been turned too long ago, otherwise you would have evolved by now. Are you even registered, is that why you won't speak?" 
 Although Fex was saying these words. Peter didn't understand any of it, he understood the words individually but had no clue what was happening. 
 Seeing that Peter would no longer answer. Fex let go of his head allowing it to fall to the ground. "These damn ghouls there always loyal to their leader, it was a waist trying to get anything out of him." 
 "Hey you know if you don't eat something soon, you will get us caught, and you know when that happens you're whole family will be punished for it." Fex was now sitting on the floor calmly talking to Peter. Even though Peter had just tried to attacking him, he was wondering why this person wasn't angry with him. 
 This was a first in Peter's whole life, if he ever tried fighting back even just once, then the punishment would come back around tenfold. He learned that quickly during his school days so he decided to never fight back again. But this time Peter was the one attacking someone, and it was clear this person was a lot stronger then him, so why wasn't he being hit, stabbed burnt or even killed. Peter just couldn't understand it. 
 "What do you mean my family?" Peter finally answered. "They have nothing to do with this, they're just normal shopkeepers, keep them out of this. It was my fault that I attacked you, just punish me." 
 Hearing Peter's words, Fex felt like something wasn't quite right about this whole thing. However he didn't have long to think about it, for suddenly out from the side a big line of red blood was shot out. Fex didn't even notice it until the last moment causing him to take the blow with his bare hands. He was pushed back a few feet before he could break the attack. 
 He wasn't wearing any beast gear on his body, and the same could be said for his hands as well. Blood was now dripping from his forearms where the attacks had wounded him. But what was most surprising to Fex was the fact that he recognized the attack. It was a blood attack that only other vampires could use. 
 When he looked up, he could see what could only be described as a demon. White hollow menacing eyes, with a mask in a Japanese demon design covering his mouth. As Peter looked up, even he didn't recognize the figure standing in front of him. 
 But of course it was Quinn in his new suit. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in the author's notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 163 Vampire vs Vampire 
 The attack was sudden, and Fex couldn't quite see what had hit him, but as he looked at the man in the strange suit, he was wondering what on earth this person was. It didn't look like any outfit humans usually wore, and for some reason, his entire body was covered. 
 "Is that thing even comfortable, I imagine it must be pretty tight down there?" Fex said sarcastically while glancing at the strange person's groin area. 
 While moving closer to the mysterious figure, Fex made sure not to make any sudden movements. The wounds on his forearms were already starting to heal, so they didn't bother him much anymore. 
 "Hey, I know you might just be trying to save this..." Fex then looked at Peter who was lying on the floor between them. "…Human, I guess. But I think you don't understand, I've tied him up for your and everybody else's safety. I suggest you go back home so we can forget any of this ever happened." 
 As he got closer Fex started to notice something, or rather the absence of something. 
 'Where's his scent? I'm not smelling anything from him.' He thought. 
 Usually, humans and vampires had this aroma around them, everybody has a specific smell. It was what attracted humans around them. Although vampires could suppress this to some extent, they could never completely get rid of it, especially not in front of other vampires. 
 But for the first time he met a person who had no scent at all, because of this he couldn't identify this mysterious person or even guess his race, this made him a bit more careful around this suspicious person. 
 Quinn, on the other hand, had no clue of his suits side effect. While wearing the mask, he wasn't able to use his nose to its full capacity. The suit that blocked out the sun, was also blocking out his smell. 
 Quinn's mind was occupied with other things right now, he was trying to decide if he had to kill this person or not. 
 The question was; Had Peter attacked this person to try and eat him, and did the person manage to defend himself, and also tie Peter up with his ability? Or had nothing happened yet, and had this person randomly attacked Peter and then tied him up. 
 For some reason Peter was very calm right now, this was not what Quinn had been expecting, because before he lost all sense of control over Peter through their bond. 
 Quinn's identity was still a secret, at least for now. His number one priority was getting Peter out of the situation and back to their dorm room. He could deal with any other issues later. 
 Quinn had a feeling from the way Fex was moving, that he was being cautious. If Quinn was going to make a dash for it to get Peter out, the most likely outcome would be that a fight was going to break out. If that was the case, it would be best if Quinn first found out his ability. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Name: Fex Sanguinis] 
 [Race: Vampire] 
 After seeing the information Quinn froze for a bit, he had to re-read it twice just to make sure what he saw was correct. After what the blond vampire in the system had said he knew there had to be other vampires out there. But he never expected to see one in the same school as him. 
 Then a horrible thought ran through his mind, he remembered what the blond vampire in the system had told him, now that he was a vampire they would come after him and to be careful of them. 
 It was too soon, Quinn didn't even know how strong he was compared to other vampires. If this new vampire wanted to take Peter away then he could have him. Quinn wanted to change things, but that wasn't going to be possible with him dead. 
 But when Quinn tried to run away, something inside of him gave him a jolt, a force was pulling him towards Peter and refusing to let him leave. At the same time, Peter was feeling the same thing. Quinn then fell down on one knee, breathing heavy. 
 "What is this?" Quinn asked. 
 "It's your family bond," the system explained. "The two of you are bonded by the magic of your blood. Similar to how Peter can never do you, as his master, any harm, you can never desert him." 
 "What is this vampire family crap," Quinn said as he got up from the floor. 
 If he couldn't run away without Peter, then he only had one choice. 
 [Skill shadow cloak activated] 
 Right in front of Fex's eyes, his opponent had disappeared, and without giving off any smell, it was hard for him to locate this person. "So it looks like you're going to try and fight me. Well, you made the wrong decision!" 
 Suddenly, a tingling feeling he felt in his neck alerted him that something was coming. 
 A claw like blood mark randomly came out from his right side, and behind it, several more followed. However, before the attack left Quinn's hands, Fex was able to retaliate. 
 "Blood barrier." Swiping his hands upward, a thin red barrier was formed. As each swipe hit the barrier, it would shake a little but was completely unaffected by the attack. 
 But seeing Quinn's attack made Fex realise something. The attack produced just now was a blood swipe, it was the same basic skill all vampires were required to learn. 
 "Wait you're a vampire, we're on the same side, stop!" Fex shouted. 
 Even though Quinn could hear Fex's words, he chose to ignore them over the systems, it was quite possible this whole thing was an act. 
 [Daze] 
 [Daze skill failed] 
 Quinn was hoping the daze skill would go through allowing him to flash step behind his opponent and perform a hammer strike, but it had failed making him change plans. 
 Putting both of his hands together, Quinn formed a larger blood swipe throwing out a single large attack. 
 "Look, if this ghoul belongs to your family maybe I can help you, we can figure out something together." Seeing the red line of attack, Fex had no choice. He too placed both hands together and let out a blood swipe of his own. 
 Only his was significantly larger than Quinn's. As the two blood swipes collided, Fex's consumed Quinn's and carried on going forward, the only thing Quinn could do, was use his flash step to avoid the attack. 
 Quinn then activated his boots, if his Blood swipe wasn't strong enough then he would need to rely on his speed, he went in close and threw out a fist performing Blood spray at the same time. However, each attack was deflected by Fex. 
 After seeing Quinn struggling in hand to hand combat, Fex found everything quite strange. "Does he not even know the basic martial arts?" It was something all vampires were required to learn, but Quinn was throwing his punches out quite randomly, but then he also knew some advance skills such as the flash step. So he couldn't be a beginner. 
 "If you keep going like this, you'll die before giving me a chance to help you," Fex said, with urgency in his voice. 
 Quinn had used up a lot of his HP, just trying to hit Fex even once, but nothing seemed to be working. 
 "Just get out of here!" Peter shouted. "Leave me, there's no point in both of us dying." 
 Once again, Fex was confused, but this time by the ghoul. If they belonged to the same family, the blood bond wouldn't allow one to be deserted in time of need. 
 With nothing working, Quinn only had one choice. He threw out a blood swipe and caught it using his shadow control, with the scythe being held in his hands and his suit of armour and mask on, he truly looked like a grim reaper. 
 "Is that the shadow ability, but that's been lost for years!" Fex said. "Just who is this guy?" 
 Suddenly, a beep was heard coming from all three of their watches. As they looked down, they noticed the time was 9:45. It was the fifteen-minute warning sound telling them curfew time was coming. 
 ***** 
 The second Chapter for today will be late, I don't know for how long today is my birthday. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in the author's note below. 

 
	 Chapter 164 Plan B initiated 
 Running as fast as he could, Vorden desperately tried to catch up with Quinn who was running in front. However, no matter how fast he went he couldn't keep up and he even lost sight of him, Quinn and could no longer be seen in the vicinity. Nevertheless, he didn't give up, for he knew that Quinn would need him once they found Peter. 
 *Beep* 
 When he was only a short distance away from the park, where he assumed Quinn was heading to, his watch lit up and the sound of a notification was heard. When he looked at the watch, the time stated that it was 9:45. This meant that they only had fifteen minutes before curfew time. In most cases, it wouldn't be so bad, since students would just be brought in and be punished a little. 
 But for Quinn and Vorden, who were already suspected in perpetrating a murder, it would look awfully suspicious if the two of them were out at night after curfew and didn't have a good reason for it. Knowing this, Vorden had no choice but to turn around and head back to the dorms. He had to trust that Quinn would find Peter, and catch up to him in time. 
 **** 
 Seeing the message on the watch, Quinn started to Panic. If he wanted to make it back in time, he would need to leave now. He didn't have time to rescue Peter. Once again, when Quinn tried to move, he was stopped by the bond. He tried to force through, but it was pulling him down to the ground. 
 Fex could see something was up. "Hey, we need to get back, right?" Fex said. "That skinny guy said something about being in our rooms before ten. I don't know why you're attacking me, but you need to understand were on the same side." 
 Fex looked at Peter and had a little hunch on what the latter was thinking, but it wasn't something he could confirm right now. 
 "Look, you aren't meant to be here, neither am I, so I won't tell anyone about you. I'll leave it in your hands, but if you need any help, then I suggest that you come to me." 
 Soon after, a cloud of mist filled the air where Fex was once standing. As the mist started to disappear, it looked like Fex was vanishing away with it. 
 "Is he really gone?" Quinn asked. 
 "That mist is a transformation spell." The system explained. "Most likely, he has turned into something that allows him to pick up more speed." 
 With that knowledge, a weight was lifted from his shoulders, but there was still another problem weighing on his mind, and he was soon reminded by it. 
 Peter started to scream at the top of his lungs. It felt like he was being stabbed repeatedly in his stomach, and as his hunger grew, so did his strength. The tight strings that were once holding him down were starting to snap one by one. 
 "Quinn, quickly, give him some of your blood. It will only be temporary, but it should calm him down as you have more control over him." Said the system. 
 Quinn used shadow equip to put his equipment back into his dimensional space, including the suit and the mask he was wearing. Then, using the tip of his tooth, he bit down on his thumb, causing blood to be drawn. He walked closer to Peter, and after just taking a few steps, Peter lifted his head and turned it towards Quinn. 
 A snarling sound was made as if to give a warning for Quinn not to get any closer. Peter's eyes were now red once again, and his fangs were on full display. 
 "Are you sure he won't hurt me?!" Quinn said. 
 "Positive, vampires have a set of rules that they must follow, otherwise, their own powers will begin to retaliate to them. Remember how you felt just moments ago when you tried to flee, right? No matter how hard you fought against it, it was impossible to fight back. It will be the same for him if he tries to hurt you." 
 Looking at Peter who continued to snarl at him, he still wasn't quite sure whether to believe the system or not, but he had no choice. Peter was like this because of him, and now, there was no going back. 
 The snarling persisted as he went forward, but exactly as the system had said, even though Quinn was practically holding Peter's head, he never tried to bite him. Quinn then lifted his hand and started to squeeze the blood from it, allowing it to drip into Peter's mouth. Just like that, in almost an instant, Peter started to calm down. 
 "How long will this last?" Quinn asked. 
 "Long enough." The system replied. 
 Placing Peter on his back, and equipping his Beast boots, he activated his wind walk. He no longer had any time to take it easy, so he ran as fast as he could back to the school without any intention of slowing down. 
 **** 
 Vorden had safely made it back into the room on time, and Layla had left long before to go back to her dorm room. In the kitchen, laid out on the table, he had gotten what looked like a meat cleaver. "Okay Vorden, you can do this." 
 "I can't believe you're going this far!" Raten said. 
 "I have to, otherwise Peter will endanger us all." 
 "Then just kill the guy! I'll even do it for you like the last time," Raten replied. 
 "But Quinn doesn't want that, and Sil is finally starting to change. We can't have him go back to how he once was." Vorden said, for once Raten didn't have a stinging reply. 
 Vorden then placed his arm on the table, laying it flat, while grabbing the meat cleaver with the other. "Here goes nothing!" He swung it down, but at the last second, he stopped just inches above his limb. "I can't do it. How can anyone cut their own arm off?" 
 A thud sound was heard in the room, and as Vorden looked up, he could see that Quinn had arrived while bearing Peter on his back. The two of them had come through the broken window. 
 "Looks like I just made it in time," Quinn said relieved. 
 The sound on their watches went off again, indicating that it was now ten o'clock. A ping would then be sent to the security office, revealing the location of all those who were not located in their rooms at that moment. 
 However, as soon as Peter had entered the room, the smell of a fresh human flesh had entered his nose, and he once again succumbed to his crazed self. Quinn quickly held him down using all of his strength, but the struggle was tough. It felt like Peter was just as strong as Quinn. The only thing that he could do was to put on his gauntlets, but if he did, the second he let go of Peter, he knew he would go after Vorden. 
 "Now is not the time to be hesitating!" Vorden said, but once again, as he looked at the meat cleaver and his hand, his heart started beating like crazy. 
 "Argh, you big Pu*sy. Let me do it," Raten said as he took control of the seat. Without hesitation, Raten swung the meat cleaver down on to his own arm. Unlike Vorden though, he didn't hesitate one bit. 
 Still, the bone was thick and he wasn't able to be cut off the arm cleanly in one go. Blood kept on spilling out of the wound. Raten lifted it up and continued to hack at his own limb until eventually, his arm had completely come off. 
 "Here you go!" Vorden said as he chucked over his arm towards Quinn and Peter. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in the author's notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 165 Family Ques 
 As Vorden's arm was flying through the air, Peter managed to overpower Quinn and push him off. Peter leapt into the air like a dog trying to catch the arm, it would have looked funny, if it wasn't so gruesome. It was as if he was playing catch, but instead of a stick, he was catching an arm, his jaws extended much further than would be possible for a normal human, when he caught the arm in his mouth he immediately bit down on it and started eating. 
 Vorden looked down at the meat cleaver, it was covered in blood and so was the kitchen counter where he had cut his arm off, strangely there wasn't any blood on the hand holding the cleaver. 
 "Vorden, are you okay?" Quinn asked, with a worried expression on his face. 
 "Don't worry, I'll be fine." Vorden replied with a little smile. "Guess we needed plan B more than we thought." 
 When Quinn looked at Vorden he had expected to see blood gushing from the wound where he had cut off his own arm, instead he saw that the wound had closed itself and was already starting to heal bit by bit. 
 At the same time, Peter was still gnawing away on Vorden's arm, entirely focused on devouring it skin and bone. Vorden felt a bit strange, seeing Peter eating his arm right in front of him. Instinctively he grabbed at his arm, he felt the part below his elbow was already starting to grow back, this made him sigh in relief, luckily the healing ability he acquired was already starting to work. 
 "I hope this is going to be enough for him, because I don't feel like going through this again... today." Vorden said. 
 "It should be, when he's finished eating he will calm down a bit," Quinn replied. He was just repeating the words of the system right now, because he wasn't sure of anything anymore. When Peter finally finished eating the arm, Quinn felt strange energy surging through his body, it felt the same as the first time Peter ate human flesh. 
 It was a strange situation for Peter, because he was aware of everything that was happening, but he didn't have control over his body, because he was fully consumed by his hunger. 
 Looking at Vorden, Peter noticed his arm was missing. With fear in his voice he stammered, "Vorden... your arm.... I don't know..." Peter felt appalled with himself. 
 "This thing?" Vorden said as he lifted his stump. "Don't worry about it, in a few hours it will have grown back. This was our backup plan in case you lost control before we had found a permanent solution for you. I just didn't want you thinking of me like a chicken nugget you can eat whenever you get hungry." Vorden said trying to lighten the mood. "Before coming back to our room, I went down to the canteen and copied the ability of a student who has regenerative power. We didn't expect you to be hungry so soon, after you fed on Earl only yesterday." 
 All three of them were silent for a while, they were thinking about the crazy situation that they were in right now. After some time Peter broke the silence, "Thank you, the both of you. You have always been nice to me, and treated me right, even after I betrayed you, you still saved my life, and even now you went to such lengths to help me." 
 As they looked around the room they realized how much of a mess they had made. There was a big hole in the window were Peter had smashed through it, and shards of broken glass could be seen underneath it. Blood was all over the place: on the kitchen counter, on the floor where Peter had devoured the arm, even on the ceiling from when the arm had flown through the air. 
 "Well, I guess we better get started with cleaning this place before anyone finds out what happened here," Quinn said. 
 Each of them took it in turn cleaning up the place but there wasn't much they could do about some area, they couldn't magically restore a window, and the scratches made on the wooden floor could only be fixed so much. 
 When Vorden was cleaning the kitchen counter he said, "Hey Quinn, you fancy a drink?" At the same time, he was squeezing some blood from a towel. 
 Quinn was amazed at how Vorden could still crack a joke in a situation like this, but then again nothing ever seemed to faze the guy. Since turning into a vampire, Quinn wasn't affected much by the sight of blood anymore, even Peter eating Vorden's arm didn't bother him much. What surprised him was how well Vorden was handling it. 
 While they were busy cleaning up, Quinn had the chance to ask the system some questions, because right now he had a lot of them. "Do you know how long Peter will be required to eat human flesh?" Quinn asked. 
 "Well for once I have some good news for you, Peter is the type of ghoul that needs to be fed daily." The system responded. 
 "If that is good news you have some sick sense of humour." Quinn thought. 
 "Just wait young one, the ones that require food more often, quickly get stronger, if you carry on feeding Peter for a week then by the end of it he should evolve?" 
 In the middle of their conversation a notification screen popped up. 
 [New quest received!] 
 [Make your family stronger] 
 [2/7 feed your ghoul (Peter) seven different types of human flesh] 
 [Reward: Family member evolution] 
 "Well, will you look at that, it looks like my hunch was right." The system said. 
 Quinn found the words of the system strange, was he not in charge of everything? Until this point, he thought that the AI and the systems were one and the same thing, but that didn't seem to be the case. 
 "I thought you made the quests?" Quinn asked. 
 "Me?" the system replied. "I see why you would think so, I was designed after the original owner, the person who's the idea it was to create the system. My thoughts, my actions everything is based around him. However, the system itself was created by someone else, and before you ask, the man often changed names throughout time so even if I told you his name, you wouldn't know who he is." 
 Since there wasn't much Quinn could do about the system for now and it wasn't really a problem he decided to focus on the other matter. Looking at the quest he noticed something that would cause them even more problems. The quest stated that they would need seven different types of human flesh. Just like Quinn with his blood, he would only get stronger when consuming a new person's blood, the same could be said for Peter, who would have to consume different types of flesh. 
 "If, and I mean a big IF." Quinn said. "If we carry on using Vorden, will it still suppress his hunger?" 
 "Yes, although he won't be able to evolve as quickly." 
 Looking at Vorden's stump it had now grown back to the point where it was just starting to form the wrist. He hated the fact that he had to rely on Vorden and using him would only be delaying the inevitable, right now he needed to find a solution as fast as possible. 
 While these thoughts ran through his mind, he remembered the fight he had with Fex. Just before they left he said: "If he needed any help to seek him out". Quinn had no idea if he could trust him or not, and if the two of them got into a fight again he knew in his current state he would definitely lose. 
 Although Quinn didn't get hurt during the fight he also wasn't able to land a single blow, and it looked like the amount of skills Fex had surpassed his own. The only thing Quinn had that could give him an advantage was his shadow ability. However, at the same time, he still hadn't seen what Fex's ability was or if he even had one. 
 But with no plans of his own and no guidance from the system, who else could he go to, to ask for help. He wouldn't be able to attack him while they were in the school. Vampires were a secret to the world and he was sure Fex would want to keep it that way as well. It was a risk but he would have to confront Fex and ask for his help. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? then remember to vote. Stone goals in the Author's note below! 

 
	 Chapter 166 Tricking Duke 
 The two day rest period was over, and students were now required to go back to classes as usual. Vorden, Peter and Quinn didn't feel like they had rested at all. Over the last few days, they had experienced one high tense situation after another. 
 In the morning Quinn and Peter didn't go down to the canteen for breakfast, they had decided to stay in their dorm room. While Vorden still had the regenerative ability, he had decided to cut off another one of his limbs, but Vorden actually looked scared about cutting off his own body part again. At first, Quinn was against him doing it again, but Vorden had convinced him it was necessary to make sure Peter wouldn't go crazy with hunger again today. 
 When Quinn had finally agreed, they decided to cut off a bigger limb, because it would give Peter more meat to feed on. Eventually, they chose to cut off one of Vorden's legs. 
 Quinn couldn't bear for Vorden to go through so much pain again, that's why he offered to help, with his greater strength he was able to cut through the entire leg in one clean stroke. It took Quinn some time to mentally prepare for it, but he finally convinced himself that it would mean less pain for Vorden, which gave him the resolve he needed to do it. 
 Vorden looked scared when Quinn was about to cut his limb off, but all of a sudden his facial expression changed, instead of fear it now showed anger. Vorden shouted at Quinn, "Just do it, you little wimp!" 
 After eating human flesh for two days in a row, it seemed like normal raw meat was no longer an option for Peter, when he tried to eat it, he immediately threw it back up, like his body was rejecting the raw animal meat. From now on Peter would only be able to eat raw human flesh. Quinn was quite upset about this, because he didn't want to see Vorden go through this painful process again. Quinn now wanted Peter to evolve as soon as possible, as hopefully, this would help with Peters dietary problems. 
 After Vorden went down to the canteen to eat, Peter was looking at the black bag with Vorden's leg in it. He couldn't stop himself from drooling, and his saliva was dripping out of his mouth and falling onto the floor. 
 "Are you going to eat that or what? Don't let Vorden's sacrifice go to waste." Quinn said, while holding a glass of Vorden's blood in his hand. They had collected it after cutting Vorden's arm off, it would have been a shame to let it go to waste. 
 Quinn swirled the blood around in the glass before he drank it all in one big gulp. It tasted nice and sweet, and when he was finished drinking he had a smile on his face. 
 "How do you do it?" Peter asked with awe and horror on his face. "How can you be so calm about it all? How do you deal with this sudden change so easily?" 
 "Trust me on this one Peter, at first I didn't," Quinn replied looking pensive. "Think of it this way, everyone has multiple sides that they show to people, they are different with their family members, compared to their friends, and they are different with their girlfriends compared to their family and friends. But does that mean those other sides don't exist when they are with different people? We choose to show people which side of us we want them to see, this way different people will form different opinions of us. I was scared too, but I choose not to show it to others. I was also very lucky that I found someone who helped me deal with everything." 
 As he was saying this to Peter, his mind had immediately gone to Layla. Like he told Peter, he was extremely lucky that she was the first person who found out about his secret. Since she found out she had been nothing but supportive, she also helped him learn a lot about being a vampire. He wondered how different things might have been if it wasn't for her. 
 While Quinn was talking to him Peter had been trying to hold back from eating the leg that was in front of him. However he could no longer stop himself, as Peter started chomping down on Vorden's leg, Quinn turned around to look away, even though it didn't bother him much it still felt wrong to him looking at one friend eating another friend's leg. Quinn also realized he thought of Peter as a friend again, he suspected the strange bond between them might have something to do with this. 
 When Vorden was done with breakfast, he had returned to the dorm room to collect Peter, he knocked on the door and asked Peter to come out, he didn't go in because he didn't want to see Peter eating his leg. 
 Because the two days of rest were over, every student was required to start training in their combat classes again. Peter was still registered in the elemental ability class. He was currently known as an earth user, and Vorden had a feeling that Duke was keeping an eye on him. 
 After Peter had told them that Duke had gifted him with the level two, three and four earth ability books, Vorden was puzzled by this, he couldn't understand why Duke had given Peter those books. The only thing they knew was that for whatever reason, Duke wanted Peter to become a level four earth ability user. 
 The three of them split up, Peter and Vorden went to the elemental class, while Quinn went to his own combat class. Now that Peter had been fed twice in a short time, the system assured Quinn that he could last at least twenty four hours before he needed to feed again. In that time Quinn needed to come up with a solution, or if he couldn't, he would have to find Fex and ask him for help. 
 **** 
 Vorden and Peter were together in the elemental class, however, they pretended to no longer be on speaking terms with each other, of course, Vorden still kept an eye on him, but he made sure to stay a few meters apart from Peter, or to always have a few other people between them. 
 Their teacher was currently making a demonstration, she was showing the different uses of her water ability. She was trying to teach the students that with a little bit of creativity in the use of their respective elements they could even make their own skills. 
 All the students were gathered around her, and they were watching her display. 
 While everyone was looking at the teacher, Vorden noticed that a couple of students had come over to where Peter was standing, and it looked like they were nudging him a bit. The three of them started to move away from the crowd, towards the back of the classroom, out of sight of the main group of students. 
 'Are they working for Duke?' Vorden thought. 'They won't do anything to him here, and Peter has just been fed so he shouldn't go on another rampage.' 
 Peter had never seen these two students before and was a bit afraid, but when they approached him, and he saw they both had power levels of 2.4 and 2.6 he was no longer worried. One of the students whispered into Peter's ear, "Move to the back of the classroom". Once they were at the back, one of them whispered again saying, "Duke has a message for you, make sure you bring your earth ability up to level four by the end of the week, if you do there will be even more rewards for you." 
 Peter agreed, because he didn't know what else to do. As he looked down at his watch, all he could see was the number one. Now that he had become a ghoul he couldn't even use his earth ability anymore, he was wondering how he was going to solve this in a weeks' time. 'Quinn can change the number on his watch by tapping it, maybe I can ask him how he does that?' Peter thought. 
 ***** 
 Fex had woken up that morning and tried his best to fit in during his time at school. He hadn't thought much about what happened last night, and he really didn't care that much about it. He was just trying to help a fellow vampire out, but if they didn't want his help that was their choice. 
 After staying at the school for only two days Fex had already learnt something, life at the school was quite boring. He had gone out to the city to talk to others and experienced some new things, but doing things alone on his own sucked. For some reason the other students were ignoring him, he chalked this up to being the new kid. 
 Fex didn't know the real reason for this was that his watch was displaying he had a power level of one. When he made his plan to explain his ability to the school, he hadn't realized there was so much discrimination towards weak people at this school. 
 When coming to the human world he was hoping to try new things and meet people but right now he was wondering if he had made a mistake. Then he remembered there was one person that had spoken to him, although it wasn't a very pleasant meeting, he still remembered it. The first student that he had met was Erin. 
 After doing a bit of research of his own he was able to find out her name as well as her schedule. Because Fex was a new student he had to decide which combat class he wanted to go to, and after finding out Erin went to the beast weapon's class, Fex knew what class he wanted to sign up for. 
 ***** 
 Want another Mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in the author's note below. 
 Do you think Fex and Quinn will be friends or enemies? Leave your comments below! 

 
	 Chapter 167 Hand to Hand 
 Along the way to the Beast Weapons class, Quinn met up with Layla and Erin, who was tailing behind her. When they met up with each other, Erin couldn't help but stare at Quinn, then suddenly, thoughts popped into her head about the book, "Bite Me or Love Me." Her face went bright red, and turned it away. 
 Images would appear of certain people doing strange things with each other. 
 Although Quinn had no clue what was going on, he was just happy it didn't seem like she was freaking out about the whole thing. It seemed like because Erin grew up knowing nothing about them, it really didn't come as a shock to her because she had no point of reference. 
 On the way there, Quinn was thinking of possible safe ways to approach Fex. He would need to talk to him in a public place where he couldn't use his abilities as freely, but before that he needed to find out what class he was in or where he was. 
 They arrived in the large training hall, and Leo was there as usual. They hadn't seen each other since he had saved them from the Dalki and the girls were a lot warmer to him now. As soon as they entered, Leo looked over to their direction and smiled. 
 "If I didn't know any better, I would have thought he could see us. " Layla said. 
 "He probably just knows where the entrance is, and when he hears students footsteps, he smiles at us," Erin replied. 
 But Quinn had a feeling that wasn't true, as he hadn't seen Leo smile at the other students before, and it seemed to be only directed at the three. What they didn't know was Quinn's aura was always easy to spot, and as soon as he stepped in the room, Leo immediately knew it was Quinn. 
 This time Leo had all the students gather at the front of the training hall where a small platform had been raised. The platform was a similar size to a boxing ring, only there were no ropes, and it was raised about a foot off the ground. Leo stood on top of this platform as he explained the upcoming lesson to everyone. 
 However, just before the lesson started, a new student had entered the room, Leo was completely distracted as he noticed something, for this student had the exact same aura as Quinn did. 
 "Hey, this is the Beast Weapons class, right?" Fex said as he walked through. 
 "Who's that?" 
 "I think it's a new student." 
 "This late into the term, that means he must be a draft evader." 
 When they looked at Fex, their interest quickly died down after seeing he only had the number one on his watch. He wasn't worth them even getting to know, and it would only waste their time. Seeing this Fex was once again annoyed. 
 'What is wrong with these people,' Fex thought. 
 As he said those words, he started to sniff about in the air. Something seemed to catch his attention. He moved closer towards the smell, until finally, he realised where it was coming from. 
 And Quinn looked at Fex the same. They both knew instantly that this was the person who they had fought with last night. Fex gave Quinn one look up and down before walking off to find his own spot to watch the lesson from. 
 This reaction surprised Quinn, to say the least. 
 'Isn't he going to say anything? I'm sure he realised I was the person fighting him last night. If I can smell him, he can definitely smell me.' Quinn thought. 
 But Fex wasn't bothered in other people's business, and that included Vampires, he already gave out a lending hand, and if Quinn didn't want to take it, that was fine with him. As long as Quinn didn't try to get in his way, then there was no trouble between the two. 
 The lesson had started, but it was hard for Quinn to concentrate. Still, the lesson seemed to be an important one, so Quinn tried his best to listen. 
 "As you all know, we have been learning the basics of each weapon. I haven't taught you how to use each weapon individually but only explained how to activate the Beasts Weapons power for a greater result." Leo explained as he drew out his katana blade. "But there will be times where one's weapon will break or certain weapons will prove ineffective against the enemy." 
 Leo then threw his blade at the wall behind him. It flew fast, and half of the blade managed to go into the wall until it stopped. "In these times we will have to use our own fists." 
 The students started to mumble, using fists against beats and the Dalki sounded barbaric to them, almost suicidal. 
 "If we have abilities, why would we rely on our hands?" 
 "Yeah, and even then if I didn't have a beast weapon or was too tired to use my ability, surely guns would be better?" 
 The students started to mock and laugh at Leo quietly. 
 "I see, so you think that today's lesson is pointless, correct?" Leo asked. 
 They were unaware that Leo could hear everything they were saying. 
 Suddenly, Leo started to tear off his military clothing and underneath he revealed a chest piece armour that had the face of a demon on it. That's when the students also noticed he was even wearing beast gear on his feet as well. 
 Erin, Layla and Quinn all had seen this equipment before, it was the same equipment Leo had worn when he killed the Dalki. 
 "You all know that our old technology, our weapons were useless against them, and our nuclear weapons were rendered useless before we even had the chance to try them. Even armour piercing bullets from a sniper rifle at most could knock a single scaled Dalki back. However, when activating the beast gear, the higher-level tier of equipment, the more empowered our bodies become." Leo said. 
 At first, the students thought they imagined it, but they could all see clearly that the Blackish armour around Leo's chest was starting to light up and turn red, little particles of steam were emerging from the piece as well. 
 "Right now if I was to throw a fist with all my force, I could crumble the foundations of this entire building." The steam started to disappear, and the chest pieces colour started to return to normal. 
 At that time, the students realised a certain pressure had disappeared, as if they were under a gravity heavier than they were used to had disappeared from the room. They didn't need Leo to demonstrate, they could all feel the power he held in his hands. 
 "So they finally figured out how to properly use the power of the beasts, huh." Fix said. "Well looks like they advanced quicker than my father said they would." 
 "The power of the fist is useless if you cannot hit your opponent, or if you do not know how to throw a punch," Leo explained. "So for today's lesson, I shall be showing you a basic martial art that all soldiers are required to learn. For this, I will need a volunteer." 
 Leo then started to look around the room until his head had stopped at one person. 
 "Quinn, how would you like another spar with me?" 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to Vote. Goals in the author notes below! 
 Next update will be out later, my schedule these last few days have been a little messed up, but will still get your two chapters a day hopefully back to normal soon. 

 
	 Chapter 168 Martial Arts 
 Out of all the students there, Leo had selected Quinn. It didn't come as a surprise to the others anymore. Since the first day, it seemed like Leo was favouring Quinn. He would often go to the area he was in most, he was the only one that had a spar with him one on one and Leo seemed to have saved his life more than once. 
 Having no good excuse to refuse, Quinn walked up onto the platform. 
 "Hey did that student always look like that?" A student asked. 
 "I think so. I'm not really sure I didn't really pay any attention to him before." 
 "It's a shame he is only a level one. Otherwise, he would be good boyfriend material." A female student said. 
 Ever since evolving into a vampire Quinn's looks had slightly changed. He was no longer the weak skinny frail him. his body had filled up, and he looked like he had a proportion of muscles all over. The students never paid much attention to Quinn in the first place, other than those that saw him as a target to pick on. Now standing in front of the class they were able to see him better. 
 Quinn and Leo were standing at opposite ends of the platform. "Now for this session once again I would like you all to not use any of your abilities, later on, we will try to learn how to combine your abilities with our fists to make more of an impact but for now forget about it," Leo explained as he looked at Quinn. "Okay, when you are ready I want you to come at me and don't pull any punches." 
 Leo assumed a fighting stance and at the same time, a quest appeared directly in front of Quinn. 
 [High-level opponent detected] 
 [Defeat the opponent in battle. Reward: Instant Level Up] 
 It seemed like the reward for winning the fight was the same as last time. Although Quinn didn't feel like he could beat Leo anytime soon. 
 But the quest reward did give Quinn an idea. So far each level up required him to earn double the amount of EXP before. However, this changed when he evolved at Level 10. If at every ten levels he was to evolve then Quinn could time it right and challenge Leo to a fight at level 19. 
 The problem then was if he was to level up in front of Leo and the evolution process started straight away what would he do then? As he got used to the system, more Quinn had to start thinking about how to utilise it to give him an advantage over others. 
 'Let's see if you really are the person from last night.' Fex though standing by the sidelines. it was unlikely there was more than one vampire here. There were often vampires, sent as scouts at the military base, but they would be disguised as high ranking officials. But Fex had never heard of one of these scouts being a student. 
 "Do you think Quinn will do okay?" Layla asked Erin. 
 "Do you not remember what Leo did to that Dalki. It didn't even take him that long, while the five of us including Quinn struggled." Erin replied. "I admit, Quinn is strong and I hate to say this, from what I saw probably stronger than me. But we're just students and nothing compared to the ones above." 
 The fight had started and while Leo didn't move at all, Quinn started to dash in as fast as he could. He didn't have any of his beats gear on so his stats were lower than usual but he also wasn't being affected by the sunlight so much. 
 "Wow, he's quite fast." Seeing Quinn dash from his position, he was certainly fast, but not fast enough for people to think of it as an ability. 
 Quinn threw out a punch fast, but didn't add any of his blood skills. He knew he was limited by what he could use in front of everyone but he still wanted to test himself after not being able to land a punch yesterday. 
 However, Leo was able to move his head to avoid it—Quinn then changed his fist and went to grab Leo instead. He hoped to throw Leo to the ground but it was too late.The man had already pivoted on his foot and went for a spin—while doing so he lifted his other leg in the air and managed to kick Quinn right in the head. At first, Quinn thought he could take the blow from the older man but he quickly realised his mistake. 
 The force was strong and caused Quinn to fall to the ground. 
 "Again!" Leo said. 
 Although the force was strong enough to cause him to fall it didn't do much damage to a body like Quinn's. He tried attacking again throwing punches of his own, but every time his attacks would come close, Leo would move or using the palm of his hands deflect the strikes. then when he was attacking he would use his legs. 
 The confrontation lasted about ten minutes and finally, Quinn was starting to get worn out by the whole thing. 
 'Yep, those sloppy punches of his, that's definitely the person I fought with yesterday.' Fex thought. 
 "Okay, that's enough," Leo said. 
 Quinn was now huffing and panting a little, even though he hadn't used any advance abilities, like the flash step or hammer strike, it seemed to be more tiring fighting against Leo. 
 During the fight, Leo had displayed many different techniques but what stood out to the students was how he thought. There was definitely a style they all recognised. He would always use the palm of his hands for defence, and whenever he was attacking, he would use his legs. 
 "What you have just witnessed is the martial art we teach our soldiers here. It is named the Pugna style. A mixture of Karate amongst other things with the hands, while using a form of taekwondo in our legs. It's important, the reach in our legs is longer and more powerful than our arms. but our arms are more versatile and flexible." 
 Leo then started to look at the crowd of students again. "Is there anyone here who would like to have a go? This is your chance to have a one on one battle with your teacher here." 
 Most of the students were nervous. They didn't have much hand to hand combat experience because they focused on using their abilities or training with weapons most of the time. Other than the street fighting they did in school they all felt it would be embarrassing for them if they were to go up. 
 Out of all the students there, a single person had his hand raised. "I wouldn't mind having a crack at it." A student announced as he sauntered forward out of the crowd. 
 When He came into view, Quinn was surprised to see who it was. 'Just what is he thinking?' Quinn thought. 
 "Oh, if it isn't the newbie," Leo said with a smile. 
 Sweeping his black hair back with his hand and taking a look at Quinn, Fex had a big smile on his face. 
 "Bring it on." 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in the author note below! 

 
	 Chapter 169 Vampire VS Elder 
 MVS 169 
 While Fex was growing up, he had always been told how weak humans were. How they had to rely on the power of others to survive but after seeing Leo, he could tell this wasn't true, or at least what they used to know about humans, no longer applied. 
 Before heading up to the stage, Fex looked around the room and spotted Erin, to his surprise she was standing right next to Quinn. 
 "He didn't already make her his, did he, But how? My charm didn't even work against her." Fex said. "Still, it doesn't seem like she's been blooded by anyone, maybe I can still use her?" 
 The group caught Fex looking over in their direction, then next thing they noticed was a cheesy wink with a smile. 
 Seeing this, they all wondered who the wink was directed at and cringed a little inside. 
 "That wink wasn't towards you was it?" Layla asked thinking it was meant for Quinn. 
 "I guess?" Quinn replied, it had to be at him he thought, he was the only one who knew who Fex was and he was looking right at them. 
 Although the wink was actually directed at Erin, she had no clue of this either, in fact, she could hardly remember seeing the boy. The only thing that kept happening for some reason was, whenever she looked at him, her face would start to heat up a little as she felt embarrassed. 
 "Maybe he has a thing for you?" Layla said. 
 Layla's words had jolted Erin's memory, and she remembered where she had seen the boy before, when she was in the library reading a particular book. 
 "Yeah, that has to be the reason," Erin said nervously. She felt like the wink must have been a sign, perhaps he was planning to use it as blackmail against her. Tell everyone that she read those type of books. If others were to find out, her family even. She would be shamed for having such a dirty mind. 
 She needed to keep the boy silent no matter what. 
 Now Fex and Leo were up on stage and even Quinn was a little excited to see the outcome of the match. He had fought with both of them and pretty much lost. Still, he was unable to get either of them to show their full strength. 
 "Hey, Quinn," Layla whispered. "Is he a vampire as well?" 
 "How did you know?" Quinn thought. Unless she had a nose like his, Fex looked just like every other human. 
 "Well, you've been acting strangely ever since he got in here, and you did tell us someone attacked you last night right. Well, who do you thinks going to win?" She asked. 
 "I'm not sure. I was just thinking that myself, If it was just hand to hand combat, I felt more useless fighting against Leo. Not only that but, Leo has years of experience. I just can't see a student beating him." 
 Layla then went to have a closer look at Fex; he did indeed seem young. The same age as all of them. "Well if it's like the books I've read, vampires can live for a lot longer then humans, some of them are eternal, so maybe he looks young just because he wants to." 
 "Is that true?" Quinn asked the system. 
 "Yes, Vampires are able to slow down the ageing process, although there are methods when doing this. A vampire can either go into eternal slumber. It's a method they use to stop there heart beating and everything inside their body. In a way, it's a near death-like state. The only way to wake Vampire from eternal slumber is to have them take a drop of blood from the same family. During this period they will not age, and their body will not deteriorate, the second method, well let's just say the second method isn't very nice." 
 Quinn had long learnt if the system didn't want to elaborate on any details, even if Quinn asked, it would choose to remain quiet. It made him wonder just who was able to create such an advanced AI, to the point where it seemed no different from a human. No technology that he knew of, was able to do that yet. 
 "Well, if this Vampire is a lot older then he looks then maybe him and Leo will be evenly matched," Quinn replied. 
 "I doubt that." The system added. "The boy in front of you, I don't have any memory of him in our records and the way he acts, would also suggest he has a young mind. If I was to take a guess, he should be no older than you." 
 Watching this fight would be an excellent insight for Quinn. He still had no idea how strong other vampires were and this would be the first look at another one for him. 
 Leo got into the same fighting stance as before and moved his fingers, telling Fex to come forward. Unlike Quinn, Fex didn't rush ahead and calmly walked over. Then when their fists were a touching distance away. Fex got into a fighting stance of his own. 
 When looking at the two, their fighting stances were quite different. Leo had both hands out in front of him, similar to Karate or a little like boxing, while Fex had both hands down by his side but his knees were slightly bent. Slowly Fex was circling Leo. 
 The tension was high, not knowing when either of them would attack. 
 Fex was the first to strike; he came in throwing his fists in quick succession, two to the head and then another to the body. However, just like before, by using his palms, Leo was able to knock them away. 
 'He could block them!' Fex thought. 'But I only pulled back on my speed a little, I was sure from watching the match earlier this would be fast enough.' 
 After blocking the attacks, Leo followed up with a kick aiming towards Fix's head. 
 Seeing this, Fex jumped Back and tried to grab the leg, but at the last second it seemed like the angle had changed causing Fex's grab to miss. 
 'Again, it's like he knows what I'm going to do.' Fex inwardly was starting to get annoyed. 
 Then while bringing his leg back, he was able to catch Fex on the head with the heel of his foot. 
 "He didn't use that against the last student? " Someone from the crowd said. 
 Touching the mark on his face Fex smiled. "Looks like I need to bring it up a notch." 
 Fex went in and did the same, throwing punches rapidly only this time, in the same amount of time he had thrown three to the head and three to the body. Leo was able to block the first three and the second two but the last one had gotten in and hit him in the stomach. He felt the powerful blow that had the weight of a hammer but didn't let it distract him throwing out his own sequence of kicks. 
 The fight now continued with no breaks in between, while one focused on their fists, the other focused using their legs to attack. They would block each other's strikes while hitting each other once in the while. 
 'Ha, I don't know what father was talking about, they aren't weak at all.' As the fight continued, Fex got more excited, and he started putting more power into his punches. It got to the point where it was power beyond a regular human with no ability. 
 Leo could feel this and could sense the energy inside him getting wilder. At first he thought he had never seen such a fighting style or martial art before, So Leo decided to lead him on, hoping he would reveal everything he had, but perhaps he had played with the boy too long. 
 While looking at his energy grew wilder and stronger, it started to remind Leo of the Dalki and in turn, this soured his mood. 
 It brought back specific memories. He started to remember that there was one time he had faced something similar. It was a Dalki. Usually, the Dalki were reckless when they fought, but the toughest opponent Leo ever had to face, was one which knew how to use martial arts skills and right now, the resemblance was too close. 
 'Why was this boy's and the Dalki fighting style so similar?' Leo thought. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to Vote, Stone goal in authors note below. 

 
	 Chapter 170 A Bloody Kick 
 So far, the fight had shown an amazing set of skills from both of the contenders. Leo had displayed some techniques that he hadn't used in the battle against Quinn, making him realise how much better Fex was at fighting. 
 However, Leo felt like he had allowed the fight to go on for too long, turning Fex into an over-confident lad. Although he was banned to use his abilities, Leo's was slightly different compared to the others. His ability was always on. He needed it as he used it as a type of vision for himself. Since he was blind, he would constantly activate his ability to see the aura of living things around him. In turn, this also allowed him to see the flow of energy in the body of his opponent. 
 When an opponent attacks, their energy flow would move before the body of the person did. This was the same when a person used their abilities as well. If Leo concentrated by just a half, he could change his vision to almost a birds-eye view. Being able to sense all those around him, it was thanks to this skill that he was able to survive countless near-death situations during the war. 
 However, even if others were to have this ability, it would be useless in the hands of someone who was unable to exploit it. 
 Fex threw out stiff and straight fast blows with his fist, but knowing what he was going to do beforehand, Leo was able to block all of the attacks. 
 'What? But I was sure I increased the speed quick enough so he won't be able to block it.' Fex thought. 
 Then, when Leo prepared for a kick, he still could see where Fex was planning to dodge. Using his other foot, he was able to shift his weight and change the direction. It landed right in Fex's face, but Leo didn't stop there since he knew the damage was minuscule. He continued to kick in rapid successions, aiming for where Fex would be each time. 
 'Can he read my mind? What's going on?' Fex asked himself out of frustration. Even he was unable to comprehend what was happening. 
 When the kicks stopped for a breath of a second, Fex thought he had finally gotten a break, but before he could do anything, another kick was aimed to him from above - An axe kick which slammed down on the back of his head as hard as he could. The blow was harder than Fex thought it would be so he was unable to prepare himself in time, his legs gave in and his head bounced off of the ground. 
 He laid there, lying lifelessly on the floor. 
 "Did Leo just kill him?" A student said. 
 "Isn't that going too far for a simple student?" 
 Before Leo himself had realised it, he had been too consumed by his past memories. It had affected his usual clear mind. However, he knew the student was safe since his aura was still burning brightly. 
 Fex slowly started to get up, pushing his body up with his arms, with his nose slightly bent. 
 "Unfortunately, I didn't expect to meet such a skilled student that I seemed to have taken the fight a little too seriously," Leo said. "Just think that you were lucky. If I was using a sword in this match, you wouldn't be alive." 
 Standing on the sidelines, Quinn was a little worried. This loss might have hurt Fex's pride, causing him to go on a rampage. If that happend, he didn't know what to do. But then, Fex's next actions surprised him. 
 "Thank you for the battle, teacher. You have taught me how useful your martial arts truly are." Fex said as he bowed down and walked off of the stage. 
 "Wait!" Leo said. "Please tell me, where did you learn to fight like that?" Leo had wanted to fight Fex after realising that he and Quinn carried the same aura. Quinn excited him by showing amazing growth each time, and he had expected Fex to be the same. Yet, Fex was different - He was a few levels above Quinn. 
 "As you can see, my ability is only a level 1. My family has always been weak, so we decided to train in the form of martial arts to help build a good foundation. "Fex answered. 
 After hearing this, the students quickly remembered that Fex was only a level one. When they witnessed how good he was at fighting, some of them had the idea of recruiting him for the next portal outing. Still, no matter how skilled he was at fighting, it wouldn't help him against beasts. Unlike Leo who had the power of the beast gear helping him, they all felt like Fex could never obtain a piece of equipment that high in level. 
 It was a strange situation. He could be useful if he had high-level equipment, but he would need to be strong enough to get the high-level equipment in the first place. The only way they felt like Fex could move up the ladder was to swear loyalty to a faction or the military, helping him raise his ability to the point where he could get the appropriate gear. And only then would he become someone who would be a threat. 
 Of course, Fex's ability wasn't really level one, but due to the watch being unable to detect a Vampire's Mc points, it displayed level one. As Fex walked back to the crowd, he Quickly snapped his nose back into place. He also had bruise marks all over his body, but they would soon heal, so there wasn't much to worry about. 
 With the two demonstrations over, it was time for Leo to start the class. Everyone was asked to spread out so they would have space of their own in the room. The first thing Leo started to demonstrate was the kicks. He proceeded to demonstrate different types of kicks one by one, and the rest of the class would follow step by step. 
 If felt a bit awkward at first, and most of the students who had never done such a thing found it quite difficult. However, Quinn's body was more flexible and agile than most, allowing him to perform the moves quicker and learn them faster than the others. 
 Leo could see this, and once again, was impressed with how Quinn was performing, then when he looked at the other person he was interested in, he felt a little disappointed. 
 Fex had decided not to bother learning the kicks properly. It wasn't because he thought they were useless or not helpful, he just found out first hand how good the techniques were, but it was because vampires were very traditional. If they were to alter their arts or try to use something else, they would not be happy with him at all. 
 While performing the different sets of kicks, Quinn started to have a thought. When punching, he was able to combine the blood spray with it. When throwing his fist, he used his blood swipe. Perhaps, there might be some way to combine the blood swipe with his kicks, creating a new skill of his own. Although, he would have to wait to practice this on his own later. 
 Leo had demonstrated a total of three different kicks; one was the roundhouse kick, which was a kick that came out from the side; the other was using their dominant foot, then they also had to practice the kick using their subdominant foot; the third kick was the axe kick performed at the end, lifting the leg upward and then down using your heel to hit the enemy. 
 Once he had finished demonstrating all the kicks, it was time for them to test them out against each other. Leo asked the group to get into pairs and spar with each other. However, they were only allowed to perform these three kicks with each other while also only blocking using their legs or dodging. 
 This was Quinn's chance to approach Fex as he could see he was all on his own since no one wanted to pair up with him. 
 ***** 
 Mass release day. Want another mass release? then remember to vote! Stone goals in the Author's note below. 

 
	 Chapter 171 A Condition 
 It was clear from the start that no one would want to go up against Fex. And this time, it wasn't just because he was a level 1. He had put on an impressive performance, and it was clear that if they were to go up against him, they would stand no chance. If they lost to him in a spar, a level 1, they would become the laughing stock of the whole room, and the incident would spread throughout the entire school. 
 Seeing this, it was Quinn's chance to approach Fex. He was in a public place with students loitering around, so he wouldn't be able to try anything funny, and if he did, for whatever reason, go out of control, there was one person in the room who Quinn was confident that could deal with him, Leo. 
 While Fex was looking around the room for Erin, he noticed that she had already teamed up with Layla, and had lost his chance to get close to her. Although, he noticed a smell gradually coming towards him - One he was familiar with, the other vampire in the room. Fex was still unsure who exactly was this person, but to be sent to the base on his own, he would have to be a high ranking member in their family. Or maybe, in a similar situation to Fex himself. 
 The other crazy thing though was he didn't know who Fex was himself. One of the possible heirs to the thirteen families, someone nearly all the vampires knew. 
 But there were those that were sent on missions from a young age who had yet to return, so it was understandable if a few people had never seen him before. 
 For those reasons, Fex had decided to offer a helping hand, hoping not to sour the relationships between the families. The families didn't usually get involved with each other's business unless the head elder asked. Hence, he was careful to also not be nosey. 
 "I guess you already know what I am," Quinn said while looking at Fex, keeping his fist closed, ready for things to turn at any second. 
 "Do you know who I am?" Fex asked. 
 Thanks to the system's Inspect skill, Quinn did know. 
 "Fex Sanguinis, correct?" When Quinn answered, he was unsure what to say at first. If he said his name, would Fex get suspicious of how Quinn knew? Or would they think they were comrades? It was a risk. Quinn had no clue how many vampires there were, and how close of a relationship each one of them held with each other. Still, this way, if he did ask how he knew his name, Quinn could make up a type of lie. 
 In the end, he chose to reveal the Vampire's name as the system advised him to do. "Quinn, I'm warning you right now. Never reveal your family name to another vampire. If you do, they will target you." The system said. 
 "But can't he use his inspect skill as well?" Quinn asked. 
 "That is unique to the system, Quinn. You are not an ordinary vampire. The others don't have this kind of system like yours. This whole thing you are going through, you are the first person to experience it. Which is why I can't help you as much along the way. There are even things that I don't know about the system." 
 Quinn then started to wonder, just which skills were unique to the system and what are the skills that all vampires had knowledge of? 
 "Well, it's to be expected. I thought maybe my fame was starting to die around the other families." Fex said, swiping his hair back. "Well, it's clear you're not from my family. Otherwise, you wouldn't have attacked me yesterday, but I won't pry into your business because that would just be rude of me. Anyway, go ahead. It seems you didn't approach me for no reason at all." 
 Quinn was struggling with deciding on how much information he should reveal. If he made one type of slipup, then it would reveal the position he was in. 
 "I remember you saying that if I needed any help, you would offer your hand." Quinn then took in a deep breath. "I need you to help me with the ghoul problem of mine - The one that you captured the other day." 
 Fex then smiled. "I thought as much. I see, perhaps a vampire recklessly transformed a human huh, and then left you a halfling, or lesser, to deal with the problems. Who would be so irresponsible to turn someone into a ghoul without preparing everything beforehand?" 
 It seemed like Fex was coming up with his own ideas about why Quinn was here, which was a good thing. It meant that Quinn didn't have to come up with his own story and could just stay silent. In doing so, Fex was the type of person who thought his guesses were right on. 
 "Judging by your silence, I'm pretty close aren't I?" He assumed as he started laughing. "Haha, when I become the family head, with my genius brain, our family will rise to the head position." 
 "So you can help then?" Quinn asked. 
 By simply looking at Quinn's face, and seeing his fighting skills the other day, Fex could only surmise that Quinn wasn't well trained, or just wouldn't amount to much in the future. This contradicted his earlier thought, though there was something else that was bugging him. He had seen Quinn use the shadow ability - It was an ability that the other vampires hadn't used in years. 
 It suddenly gave Fex an idea. Sooner or later, he would be caught by his family and be sent back. He knew this was the case, but if he could lighten his punishment in any way, this might be his chance. If he asked Quinn about the ability, of course, Quinn wouldn't tell him. All the families thought the ability had been lost. Looking at Quinn, it was clear whichever family he worked for were keeping it a secret that they had found it. Perhaps, trying to overthrow the head family. If Fex was able to get information from Quinn, how he got this and which family he belonged to, then perhaps the punishment he would receive would be lighter. 
 But the greed was starting to grow inside Fex. Observing Quinn's ordeal and the fact that the ghoul yesterday was in a crazed state, he really needed his help. Maybe, he could get even more out of this deal. 
 "Of course I can help you," Fex said. 
 Those words gave Quinn hope. The sooner they dealt with Peter's situation, the quicker they could get on with their lives. 
 "But, I do have one condition," Fex said, looking over in the direction of the two girls. "You see, the one with the golden hair, all I ask for is some alone time with her." 
 As Quinn turned his head, he knew straight away who he was talking about - It was Erin. "Why? Why her? Why can't it be someone else?" Quinn asked. 
 Quinn felt that, perhaps, Fex would need someone to give him a supply of blood while he was here. Just like Layla was to him. Otherwise, every two days, he would starve with hunger if Fex was the same type as him. But it didn't sit well with Quinn that it would be someone he personally knew. Out of all the people he could have selected, he chose his acquaintance. 
 "If you need blood, I can provide it to you," Quinn added. 
 "Oh, don't worry. I have no problem obtaining blood. Although, it would be nice to have a little blood pet. I promise you that if you just agreed and let me meet and talk with her, then I'll help you with your little ghoul situation." 
 "Are you going to hurt her?" Quinn asked. 
 "What? Are you crazy? Of course not." Fex replied, "So, what will it be?" 
 **** 
 Mass release day. Want another mass release? Then remember to vote, stone goals in authors note below. 

 
	 Chapter 172 Bad Timing 
 "There's no way we can trust that guy!" Layla shouted. 
 Currently, the whole group had finished their combat classes for the day and were inside Quinn's room. He had just informed them all of what had happened yesterday when he had rescued Peter. He also included what had happened at the combat class and what Fex's request was. 
 "I hate to admit it," Vorden said. "But I kind of agree with Layla on this one. What is another Vampire doing in the school in the first place? Is he here because of you Quinn or maybe Peter?" 
 "I don't think that's the case, honestly he seems to be disinterested in me. He also said something that he wasn't meant to be here either. I don't know if he was telling the truth or not, maybe he was trying to get me to reveal myself." Quinn felt like pulling out his hair at this moment, there were so many things running through his head. "I wish there was like a manual or something on how to be a vampire. They have so many rules I just don't understand." 
 "The thing is… I can understand if he wanted you or Peter but why Erin, it doesn't make any sense?" Vorden shook his head. 
 Inside the room Erin had been here the whole time, silently listening away. So far she hadn't said a single word. As if her mind was someplace else. 
 "That I have no clue about either, all I know is he said he wouldn't hurt her," Quinn replied. 
 "Hey, I have a question." Layla said." How come when you're in the sunlight you get weak while he doesn't? Is he some kind of special vampire, because when we left the training hall he seemed to be walking fine." 
 Quinn also noticed that as well, and when looking at Fex closely he noticed a ring on his finger. He knew instantly that it was the same ring from the shop. It was a ring that required you to defeat a total of ten Advanced tier beasts to obtain. It only caused Quinn's worries to grow, it was clear that even if he didn't ask, none of them were powerful enough to stop him. 
 While the others were thinking about what to do, Vorden pulled Quinn off to one side so they could have a private conversation with one another. "Hey man, not to add to your worries or anything…" Vorden started, "But I think we got another problem you should know about." Vorden said. 
 Vorden then went on to explain how a few of Duke's men had come up to Peter in their training session and how they had asked him to learn the level four ability by the end of the week. It seemed like everything was happening at the worst possible timing. 
 "Then we have no choice," Quinn said. "We don't know if Duke is going to keep a closer eye on Peter or what he plans to do. If we don't get Peter off this new diet of his as soon as possible then we might have a serious problem on our hands. If it's out of trusting the Vampire boy and the Duke, I think right now I trust the Vampire more." 
 "You might be right about that one," Vorden replied. "But the problem is how do we convince Erin?" 
 As soon as Vorden had finished those words Erin stood up straight and had placed her hand on the hilt of her blade, that was currently sheathed by her side. "I'll do it, I'll go see this trash," Erin said. 
 "What, Erin you're not thinking straight, he's a vampire, he could be planning to do the same thing to you, as Quinn did to Peter!" Layla shouted before pausing. "Oh sorry, I didn't mean that in a bad way." 
 "I'm not afraid of him, that fool needs to learn his place. He needs to learn not to mess or blackmail others ever again." Erin said. 
 The others felt a little touched. It seemed like Erin had changed, as if she was fighting for their sake, something that she had never done in the past. But little did they know, Erin was still the same as always, when she was talking about blackmail she was talking about her own situation. She was afraid that if she didn't go through with this, there was a chance that Fex could tell everyone about what she read. 
 She regretted giving him an easy time when the two of them were at the library and now wished she had taught him a lesson and now this time she would. "Don't worry I'm confident in my skills, if I was to lose to scum like him then I deserved it for not training hard enough." 
 Erin's stubborn side had shown and at this point, Layla was the only one trying to convince her to not go while the boys remained silent. Even Peter wanted to get this whole thing over with, and if Layla just had to become a vampire's blood bank, then it was a small price to pay. Peter had to do worse things than that right now. 
 "I think it will be fine, we shall meet on the roof," Vorden explained. "The three of us will wait by the door to make sure no one else comes upstairs. If anything fishy happens we can come out and help her." 
 "Do you think he'll be okay with that?" Peter asked. "Didn't he say he wanted to meet her alone?" 
 "The two of them will still be alone and will just be a short distance away. If he truly says he will do her no harm, then he should at least accept these conditions." Vorden explained. 
 A plan had been set, although it wasn't a very good plan it felt like it was the only thing they could do at that moment. Quinn had left the room to go meet up with Fex to set the meeting point tonight, while Erin wanted to go to the practice room to brush up her skills before the meeting, but before she left Vorden stopped her by holding her hand. 
 "Sorry, I'm going to need to say this," Vorden said. "Listen to me, Erin if you need any help or anything, you come running to me alright. I promise I won't let this guy get you." 
 "Vorden, you are the only trustworthy one in this group, I would never rely on any of the others to protect me.�� 
 Erin still believed Vorden was the best option out of everyone out there, she had seen him get serious and even beat a student from one of the big four. Although Quinn was powerful he had too many weaknesses an enemy could exploit if they were to find them out. 
 "What the hell, why doesn't he treat me like that?" Layla asked in disbelief. "Am I the only one he treats like crap, what the hell did I do?" 
 Vorden had grown close to his circle around him, he had never had this many people this close to him before and Erin was one of the very few people who had approached him first. He didn't want to upset this little family that had been created. Unfortunately, Layla got the short end of the stick due to the little one, misunderstanding the relationship between Quinn and her. 
 Vorden then went off with Peter to go gather the strongest abilities he could find, first heading to find Berg and one other ability. 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! Want another mass release? then remember to vote. Stone goals in the author's note below. 

 
	 Chapter 173 My Puppe 
 On top of the first year building outside the roof, it was a calm day. It wasn't too hot and it hadn't rained in a few days so the ground was dry. Quinn stood there opposite Fex while the others stood just behind the roof door. The door was slightly open as the four of them peeked to have a look at what was going on. 
 Erin's hand was twitching as she had it hovered over her sword's hilt. The others had to do everything in their power to convince her to not go out there and start a fight straight away. They were interested in what Fex had to say and if she was to go out with her head full of steam right now, it would ruin everything. The best option for them was to come out of this with no fighting. 
 If that did happen, Vorden was prepared, he currently had an ice ability, a fire ability and also a slow regenerative ability. While trying to get the ability it took him longer then he thought, the original person he got it from last time he couldn't;t find. luckily at the last moment, he was able to find another student with a similar but weaker version of the ability. 
 He needed to make sure to keep the regenerative ability just in case things didn't go to plan. If Fex really didn't have a solution then once again he would have to prepare himself to remove another body part. It was also unlikely that he would be able to get Sil to fight for them anyway, at most Vorden could convince Raten. 
 Sil was unreliable, so Vorden never went into a fight relying on him. 
 "So you understand the terms then," Quinn said. "We will be waiting just on the other side of that door and if anything happens to her we will..." 
 "I know," Fex said with a yawn. "I already gave you my word, didn't I? You should already know a Vampire's word is sacred; it's not something that can easily be broken." 
 "And about the ghoul problem, you promise you'll help us straight after right?" Quinn asked. 
 "I already have it sorted," Fex said confidently. 
 "Just a fair warning, she knows what you are, so she will be cautious," Quinn replied. 
 "Looks like your breaking rules all over the place," Fex said. "I guess it isn't a problem if you plan to turn her eventually." 
 Fex had never seen a vampire break all the rules so casually, there was only one person who was as daring as him and that was Fex himself. Most vampires were boring and strict, very traditional in the sense and had been for so many years, it was why Fex yearned to go to the human world. The more he was finding out about Quinn the more his interest grew. But with his position, he could get away with a few things here or there, while Quinn he had never seen him before, he felt like the more he stayed around this guy perhaps interesting events would start to unfold. 
 Quinn had done everything he could, but it was still hard for him to trust Fex. Even the system didn't seem to have a solution to the current problem, so he just wondered what Fex had that they didn't. 
 As soon as she opened the door, Erin was ready to head out in his place. 
 "Erin, please remember the plan?" Layla said. 
 Erin nodded and then headed straight out as the other three watched from behind the door. 
 At first, Erin walked slowly, but as she got closer and closer towards Fex, she started to walk faster. The closer she got to him the more annoyed she was at seeing his face. 
 "Oh the beautiful Goldilocks has finally come out, I have a proposal for you," Fex said. 
 But suddenly the walking turned into a jog, after hearing Fex's voice the anger inside her only got worse and then finally, she had enough and pulled out her sword. "I thought I had already warned you, if you were to mention what you saw in the library I would teach you a lesson!" She shouted. 
 "Looks like she isn't sticking to the plan!" Layla said. 
 "The library, have these two met before?" Peter asked. 
 "It seems like there might be a bit of tension between the two that we didn't know about before," Quinn added. 
 "Damn it!" Vorden shouted. "She's going to get herself killed." 
 As Vorden went to open the door, Quinn pulled him back. "Just wait Vorden. If he really wanted to do her any harm why would he do it in front of all of us? And if he did kill all of us here, then he would only be hunted down by the school." 
 What Quinn had said made a lot of sense to Vorden, still, he couldn't help but worry. 
 Hearing Erin's words... Fex was a bit confused, he could tell she was angry but apparently it had something to do with their last meeting. "Wait, it couldn't have something to do with that book could it?" 
 As she charged forward her face had now gone bright red once again and she pulled redied her sword but suddenly, her movements started to slow as she felt something wrapping around her legs and arms. When she looked at Fex she could see him doing something with his hands. 
 "That's it I'm going to save her!" Vorden said. 
 "Wait!" Peter shouted. "That's the same thing he did to me, I don't think he's trying to hurt her." 
 The string like substance continued to tangle all over her body. When Erin looked around she noticed that there were small little daggers placed around the roof with a little ring on top. Finally, though she was completely restricted and could no longer move. 
 Erin was not at the level where she could use the ice abilities with just her mind, she still required small movement with her hands to activate her ability. She would need to be at least a level 7 ice ability user for that. So right now she was completely defenceless. Other than her weapon she had no other piece of beast gear on her, so her strength was that of a regular person so there was no way for her to break the strings around her. 
 "You know, after you left I read that book myself, no wonder you got so heated up," Fex remarked. "If you would like to do the things mentioned in that book I would be happy to help you." 
 "Go screw yourself, you sicko!" Erin shouted. 
 "This is what I get for being nice." Fex said. "Anyway hear me out, during my time here I need a puppet as well as a food source. Now since you decided to punish me in the library, you have the congratulations of becoming both of those things." 
 "Quinn, do you understand what he's saying?" Layla asked. 
 "I have no clue, I mean I understand the food part, but the puppet thing I have no idea," Quinn replied. 
 "System, is he talking about making her a blooded one?" Quinn asked. 
 "No, the Sanguinis family have the ability of string. However, their combat style is unique. They are extremely nimble and skilled with their fingers, but their actual combat powers themselves are lacking." 
 Hearing this didn't make Quinn feel any better. If Fex was a vampire with lacking combat skills then what did one with good combat skills fight like? 
 "To perform at the best of their ability they need something called a puppet, to do combat for them, while they control them behind the scenes." 
 Fex then walked up behind Erin, while walking a selective path towards her avoiding all the strings attached to the small blades he had thrown. 
 "I'm not becoming your puppet!" Erin shouted. 
 "I'm afraid you don't have much of a choice," Fex replied as he stabbed 12 needles into the back of her body. 
 ***** 
 Another 5 chapters will be released between 8:00 Am and 10:00 PM (GMT + 8) to finish off the mass release. 
 Remember to Vote for another mass release next week! 

 
	 Chapter 174 Good or Bad 
 As the twelve needles were implanted into Erin's body, a strange feeling started to overcome her senses. It was as if something had clicked in her brain. The strings that were binding her feet and hands were loosened and started to disintegrate until they were no longer holding her back. 
 "What did you do to me?" Erin asked. 
 "I wanted to show you what being my puppet actually means," Fex replied. 
 Erin went to swing her sword and moved about, yet it seemed like her movements were back to normal. They weren't slow and everything, so she tried to do what she could do before. Still, she felt like something was tugging on the back of her brain. 
 "Whatever you did to me, get rid of it now!" She lunged forward and swung down her sword. However, as she did, Fex moved a single fingertip, and concurrently, the course of her sword changed, missing the target and merely swung to the side. 
 "My body, did it just move on its own?" It was a strange feeling for Erin to suddenly lose control like that. 
 "Let's see what you got! " Fex shouted. He was now moving his fingers at an incredibly fast speed, and for every different action that he did, it would move Erin's body. 
 At first, Erin tried to resist and fight against the Fex's control, but it felt useless as if she couldn't do anything. When she soon realised that there was nothing that could be done, she stopped resisting and just went with the flow. Doing this, she started to realise something. Fex wasn't just moving her body about in a random order, but he was actually performing a certain set of moves. 
 Her swordsmanship was faster and more skilful than before, and the sound of her strikes when sliding through the air sounded fast and harsh. While her movements were soft and flexible as if she was doing a dance, it was swordsmanship she had never seen before, one that surpassed her own basic skills that were unrefined. 
 While doing these movements, she started to concentrate. She discovered that it wasn't as if the strings were pulling her along. She could still feel that her own body was doing all these movements, so it must have been possible for her to perform these as well. Right now, she was noting down all the actions she was performing, and when she had gotten the hang of it, shards of ice would leave the blade as well. 
 "What is Erin doing?" Layla asked. "I thought she would be attacking him, but she looks so beautiful." 
 With the ice surrounding her along with the beautiful skills being shown by Erin, it was as if they were all watching a performance. 
 "I don't think it's her look," Vorden said as he pointed at Fex, who was at the back, moving his hands and fingers. 
 "You are a lot better than I thought you were going to be." Said Fex. "It looks like I was right to choose you." 
 When Fex had seen enough, he detached the strings that were on Erin, and she suddenly stopped right there. Her body was no longer being guided by the strings. Immediately, not wanting to forget the feeling she just had, she tried performing the same movements. At the start, it seemed to be going well, but then, the movements just didn't have the same flair as when she was attached. 
 She tried again and again like a person who was possessed, but it was nowhere near the same level that she was performing before. "You, show me again. Do what you just did again!" Erin demanded. 
 "Now, now," Fex said. "If you started to demand things from me and I complied without complaints, it wouldn't be very fair, would it? A relationship should work in two ways." 
 "If you don't want to tell me about it, you know I can just start getting really nasty." Lifting her hands, Erin planned to use her ice abilities this time before he got close to activate his weird puppet thing once again. But her hands stopped midway as a little tingling feeling reappeared at the back of her head again. 
 "Oh, I'm afraid it's a little too late. You see with the needles implanted in you, I can reattach my strings to you at any point in time." Fex explained. "Now that I have shown you how my swordsmanship works, it's time that I get something in return." 
 Walking towards the lady, step by step, Fex got closer, and right now, there wasn't a thing she could do to stop him. 
 "I can't take this anymore. It's not fair on Erin. We forced her into this and it's clear that she doesn't want to go through with it! What if he's planning to turn her? I'm going." Vorden said as he barged through the roof door. 
 "Wait!" Quinn shouted. They were so close that Quinn didn't want to ruin the deal they had. So far, he had stayed true to his word and Erin didn't have a mark on her. He felt like he was so close to solving the problem with Peter, but after hearing Vorden's words, Quinn released how selfish he was being. Erin had no reason to be involved in their affairs. 
 In fact, none of them here did. Only Peter and Quinn needed to be there, and if he wanted to solve his own problems, he should have come up with his own solutions instead of trying to rely on someone else. As soon as he heard that Fex had a plan, he immediately decided to take the easy route of asking him rather than trying to brainstorm for an appropriate method. 
 "Let's switch Vorden. I'll teach this guy a lesson. "Raten said. 
 "No, they're my friends, and this time, I'm going to do something about it myself." 
 As Vorden ran out, he gathered a fireball in his hands and was getting ready to throw it towards Fex. However, just as Vorden was about to let the flames go, Erin's body had moved and was now right in front of him. She slashed her sword down and Vorden had to jump out of the way, rolling onto the floor. 
 "Vorden, that wasn't me!" She said. 
 "How dirty!" Vorden shouted. "You're going to use her as a shield? Why don't you fight yourself?!" 
 With Erin getting in between the two, Vorden was unable to use his full strength. At any point in time, Fex was able to move her to either block the attack or get in between the two of them. 
 Then, a gust of wind seemed to go straight past Vorden as he felt his hair rise. When he looked in front of him, he could see Quinn running past with all his beast gear on. He had his boots activated and was rushing forward at full speed. 
 Just like before, Fex moved Erin in front and commanded her to strike her sword, but Quinn showed no signs of slowing down, and it looked like he wasn't even going to bother dodging. 
 "Shadow control!" Just before the sword reached his side, he lifted the shadow from underneath his foot and blocked the attack, slowing it down. 
 Then, using the flash step, Quinn was able to appear behind Erin and went straight for Fex. 
 "Wait!" Fex shouted. "Stop! This wasn't my intention. You guys win." He said as he held up both hands. 
 Just what was Fex planning? 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote. Stone goals in the link below! 

 
	 Chapter 175 My word 
 With his arms raised, it truly did look like Fex had already surrendered. Not only that, but Erin was freed from her constraints and could move by herself again. As soon as she felt the weird connection leave her body, she had decided to take a few steps back and was now standing near the door beside Peter and Layla. 
 "Come on in, Quinn!" Vorden shouted. "With the two of us, we can easily take this guy out!" 
 However, Quinn was still cautious, having no intentions to let his guard down. He remembered fighting Fex last time and also saw him go up against Leo. If Vorden had seen these things, perhaps he wouldn't have been as confident as he was right now either. 
 "There is no trick." Said Fex. "You can ask the girl who I have broken off the connection with. I have done what I wanted to do. All I wanted was to show the girl what it would be like if she was to become my puppet. I just presented the power and skills that I would share with her. And in return, I was going to ask for some blood. Was I in the wrong?" 
 Quinn then pulled out a flask from one of his trousers' pockets and threw it over to Fex, who was able to catch it. Fex opened up the lid and could smell the sweet fragrance emitting from the bottle. 
 "If you need more blood, then you can just come to me," Quinn said. "Just leave us be and I won't get in your way and obstruct you in your mission, so you shouldn't get in the way of mine." 
 Fex then took a gulp of blood from the flask as a huge grin slowly made its way to his face. "Wow, it's pretty fresh, but as I told you before, getting blood here isn't a problem for me. Look, I didn't want to sour the relationship between us two. As I have said, this is all a misunderstanding. Did I ever hurt her?" 
 "You took control of her body and you forced her to attack me," Vorden said. "Just get rid of whatever you put into her body. In that way, you won't be able to control her again." 
 "It looks like I've hit a nerve with one of you. I didn't realise she was already taken." Fex said. "As fellow vampires, we should be looking out for each other. As a sign and the start of our friendship, I shall do as you ask and remove the needles." 
 Quinn was wondering why Fex's tune changed so quickly. Before, it seemed as if he was ignoring him, and now he wanted for the two of them to be friends. It just didn't make any sense for him. Could he have realised that Quinn was different from the other vampires? 
 But the real reason why Fex had changed his mind about the whole thing was because of Quinn's shadow abilities. He had seen them being used before but didn't see much of what it could do. During the short confrontation with Erin, he noticed something about the shadow and how it was possibly a lot stronger and useful than he thought. 
 "If he goes through with the process, are you able to tell me if he does anything suspicious?" Quinn asked the system. 
 "Not really, but Erin should be able to tell. When the needles are removed, she should know." The system replied. 
 The group decided to go through with it, but only if they could stay by Erin's side. At first, she wanted Fex to use it on her once more to allow her to experience the feeling and skills he had shown her again. 
 However, after being used to fight against her comrades, she felt disgusted with herself. She was so weak at that moment and everything had been done against her will. Even she wanted the needles to be removed. 
 Erin's back was facing against Fex while the others stood by her side, with Layla holding her hand. Peter, Vorden and Quinn were ready to jump in at any moment if he was to do something fishy. 
 The strings were connected to Erin once more and she felt the tingling sensation at the back of her mind. Fex then yanked out his hand and at the same time, all twelve needles that were attached to her body were pulled out simultaneously. 
 "It's done!" Fex said. 
 The others saw the needles had been removed and Erin could no longer sense a strange feeling inside her body. "If you ever wish to become a puppet of mine again, then feel free to find me." 
 "Come on let's get out of here," Layla said as she started to walk off with the others towards the exit. 
 "Wait, don't you want help with your ghoul situation?" Fex asked. 
 Quinn had thought, since Fex hadn't got what he originally wanted, that there was no reason for him to keep his side of the deal. His words right now were a surprise to him. 
 "I may not follow many of the vampire's traditions, but I do follow one, and that's to always keep my word. You did as you said and you brought her to me. Now, in return, I will help you." 
 The girl carried on walking ahead, Layla had decided she didn't want to be a part of any of this anymore, and it looked like Erin was worn out by the whole thing. If the boys wanted to go through with the original plan, then she trusted Quinn to make the right decision. 
 "We can't trust this matter to him," Vorden said. "I'm telling you." 
 But time was running out. It was night time and they didn't have much longer until the curfew. Vorden would have to go through the pain of having his limbs removed again. Also, so far, Fex had kept all of his promises, so why would he suddenly break one now? 
 "Please," Quinn said. "Help us." 
 "Very well," Fex replied. "Follow me." 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote below. The stone goal in authors note! 

 
	 Chapter 176 Fex's bad plan 
 As the three boys followed Fex they couldn't help but wonder what kind of plan he had. He said he had prepared everything beforehand. Quinn was thinking of all the possibilities, given how young Fex was and how the system hadn't recognised him it was clear that the two Vampire minds were a generation apart. 
 Meaning perhaps there were some things that had changed that even the system didn't know about. Maybe in the time period, they were able to find a substitute for the human flesh? Whatever the plan might have been it had to be better than letting Peter roam around and kill people. 
 As they followed Fex they realized that he was leading them back to the student dorms. Until finally, they had reached a room not too far away from theirs, located at the end of the hall. It was the last room. 
 "I hope you're hungry," Fex said as he opened the door. 
 As soon as they entered the room, their jaws had nearly dropped to the floor. Quinn immediately looked out in the hall to see if anyone had seen them before closing the door shut. 
 "What is the meaning of this?! " Quinn asked. 
 Currently on the floor were seven different students who had been tied up. They each had a blindfold around their eyes and a piece of cloth gagging their mouths. Their arms and legs were tied up using the same type of string that had been used on Peter. 
 "This is what someone should have done before they turned him into a ghoul. I noticed he was a crazed ghoul so he shouldn't need much human flesh to evolve. He would need a different type, right? So here you are, I brought you a different person he can eat for each day of the week." Fex explained. 
 Quinn realized then that It wasn't that the system didn't have anyway and Fex did… it was the fact that they were two different types of vampires. The system knew that Quinn would never consider this an option so they would never suggest it 
 While Fex, even though he was interested in humans, saw them just as a thing to be used. 
 "So what, you plan to just kill these students?" Vorden asked. "The school would find out if seven students just went missing, this isn't really a plan." 
 "Hey, hey now look who's being the stupid one, no one said anything about killing," Fex replied. "The size of meat that a ghoul needs to eat only needs to be about that of a shoe. So there's no need to kill, no need for the school to find out." 
 "But won't they say something happened? If I was them as soon as I left I would get out of here." Peter said worried as he saw the students wriggling about, scared for their lives. 
 "Although you guys seem to be friends it's like you don't know much about vampires do you?" Fex shook his head. "If I use my influence powers then I can make them forget anything ever happened. As for their missing limbs, I can replace them with a memory saying they lost them in an accident fighting with each other." 
 When Quinn was thinking up of different ways to help Peter he too had come up with a similar option. The only problem was Quinn wasn't confident in his influence skills. whether it worked or not depended on two things, if the person he used it on had good mental strength and his charm stats which were low at the moment. 
 If there was the chance it didn't work then Quinn would have to kill someone with his own hands. The killing wasn't the part that Quin didn't like, but killing someone who had done nothing wrong or no harm to him was different. 
 These people in the room were strangers to him and they had families waiting for them back home, who was he to decide what happened to them. If he was to abuse his powers then he would be the same as the very people he hated. 
 "Well, Quinn, what do you want to do?" Peter asked, looking at him. Peter had already made up his mind. He was sick of worrying about this and just wanted to get it over and done with. He convinced himself if he didn't at least resort to this then there would be more body bags and a missing limb was better than a body bag. 
 "I can't," Quinn said. "I don't even know these people that well." 
 Quinn's reply surprised Peter, as he was sure Quinn had felt the same way. As if he just wanted to find the quickest solution. 
 "If it makes it easier for you some of these people aren't good people." Fex then went over to two of the male students off to the right side and lifted up their head, revealing a few bruise marks on their face. 
 "You see these two here, they were my roommates. As soon as I entered the room they started ordering me around, I refused and you know what they tried to do, beat me, so I gave them a beating back. I hadn't even said a word to them yet. 
 "What about the rest?" Quinn asked. 
 "Well, the rest were randomly selected, they just had bad luck that's all. Look, someone had to draw the short straw right?" 
 While Vorden was looking at the students he recognized one of the female students. It was the same girl who he had copied the regenerative ability off the other day. Now it made sense why he couldn't find her earlier, it must have been due to Fex keeping her in this room. 
 Seeing this though gave him an idea. 
 "Quinn, there is something we can do?" Vorden said. 
 Vorden explained how when he was coming up with plan B he managed to get a list of the first-year students abilities and what class they belonged to. On this list, it stated that out of all the first years there were three students who had regenerative abilities. 
 Before he had never considered this an option, only now that they were able to erase their memories did he think of this. 
 "There's still a problem," Quinn said. "Even if we manage to get those three students we still need two more." 
 "But at least it's a start, Quinn," Vorden replied. 
 They explained their plan to Fex, after all, they needed him to be in on it to make sure he erased their memories. Although he complained a little he did accept in the end. 
 He then lifted the female student of the ground who had the regenerative ability. "I'm telling you guys, we could get this all over and done with. Are you sure you want to do it this way?" Fex asked. 
 Quinn nodded in response. 
 "Alright then." Fex then pushed the female student towards Quinn and he managed to grab her just before she tripped and fell over. "This is your problem, not mine, I'm not going to do everything so one of you is going to have to cut off her body part. I'm not a sicko who gets pleasure seeing people in pain so I'm afraid I'm not going to volunteer myself." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? then remember to vote with your stones below. Goals in the author's note below. 

 
	 Chapter 177 Advantage 
 The boys started to talk about which of them should cut off the leg, but none of them wanted to do it. Vorden knew first hand what the pain was like, and argued that he had already done his part, while Quinn was the one who cut off Vorden's leg. In the end, it was a unanimous decision that Peter should be the one to do it. 
 He had similar strength as Quinn so he should be able to cut it off clean. Peter grabbed the meat cleaver from the kitchen counter and walked over to the female all the while Vorden and Quinn held her down on the floor. 
 This time, they had also put several towels where the cut was supposed to be made, in order to not make a big of a mess like the last time. 
 The two had to hold her down even though her mouth was already gagged. Furthermore, she was blindfolded, but she had heard the whole conversation going on between all of the people in the room. At first, she thought it was a twisted sick joke being played by her friends. 
 But as soon as she heard them deliberate and talk more about the matter, she slowly realized that it was becoming a reality. Not being able to see anything either was making her go mad as she imagined that they might do all sorts of things to her. 
 As Peter Knelt down on his knees, his hands were shaking. Quinn and Vorden were strong, so now, her movements were minimal, but it didn't stop him from seeing the tears rolling down her face just underneath the blindfold. 
 "Come on Peter!" Vorden said. "You're happy enough to eat the damn thing, but you can't cut it off." 
 With those words, Peter closed his eyes and swung the meat cleaver down, but at the last second, he tried pulling it back, causing the meat cleaver to only reach halfway through the bone. 
 Muffled screams were heard as blood started to pour down her leg. 
 "Peter! You made it worse! "Quinn said as the two swapped positions. Quinn quickly banged a fist on top of the cleaver, pushing it to completely go through. When the leg was detached, he quickly put it inside a black plastic bag. Using one of the towels, they tied it just above the wound and raised her leg to cause the blood flow to slow down. Eventually, it had healed to a point where it was a stump again. 
 The woman was no longer struggling or screaming. She had just passed out from the fear of everything. "Four more times," Quinn said. "We have to do this four more times." 
 While the female's leg was being prepared for Peter to eat, Vorden was busy tending to the girl and clearing up the bloody towels. However, before Peter could eat the leg, Quinn went over and dipped his finger into one of the ends. 
 [Blood type A+] 
 Quinn wanted the O blood type. This way, he would be able to raise his charm stat. He realised that with everything happening around them, they were bound to get caught sooner or later. If that was the case, then one of the most useful skills that he had would be the influence skill. 
 It was why Fex was able to walk around so confidently and didn't have to worry about getting blood. He was confident about his ability to erase the memory of any student regarding that the incident ever happened. 
 Although it didn't make him much stronger in battle, it would do in the future. If he could use his influence skill without any worries, then he would also be able to get blood from other students without having to worry about the repercussions. 
 He then licked his finger, and once again the message appeared. 
 [A + blood has been consumed. An additional stat point in strength has been added] 
 [Strength 18] 
 Peter wasn't feeling hungry at the moment, so the leg this time didn't look as appetizing as before. He thought that it was due to the fact that he had seen the girl screaming and crying right before it was cut off. Because of that, he didn't feel like eating it just yet. 
 While the others were waiting for the leg to heal and for Peter to start eating, Quinn went over to the other six students who were still on the ground. 
 [Inspect] 
 Quinn had used his inspect skill on each of them, and the main thing he was looking for was their blood types. Out of the six, there were two O- blood types, one AB+, one A+ and also two B+ blood types. 
 While he was here, he might as well increase his stats. The memory of each student would be wiped by Fex anyway, so it would be a waste not too. 
 Quinn then went over to get another knife from the counter and went up to each of the students. He would make a small cut on the bag of the student's calf. He would then dip his finger and take a lick of each one. 
 After taking a drop of blood from each student, Quinn decided to check his new improved stats. 
 [Strength: 19] 
 [Agility: 18] 
 [Stamina: 17] 
 [Charm: 12] 
 At the moment, these were Quinn's current base stats without wearing any equipment. With the two O blood types, Quinn did as he said he would, putting them into his charm stats. 
 While doing all of these tasks, Fex was keeping a close eye on Quinn and couldn't help but come over. "Are you trying to see which one tastes the best?" Fex asked. "If you want, I can get you a glass or something, so you can have some more." 
 "Ah no need, I'm not hungry." As Quinn said those words, he realised that this was the first time he was talking about blood with another vampire as if it was food. It was strange, but at the same time nice that he didn't sound crazy. 
 "I was just trying to get as many different people's blood types as possible." Quinna answered. 
 "You're a strange one. Oh I know, I bet you're one of those blood freaks who has to find the perfect type of blood." Fex said as he shrugged his shoulders. "To me, blood is just blood. It all tastes the same no matter who it comes from." 
 Hearing Fex say this, it started to make Quinn think. 
 "Did you have any of their blood before we came here?" Quinn asked. 
 ���Nah, I can actually last quite a while before I start to crave for blood. Although, I still appreciate the gift that you gave me before." Fex replied. 
 A realisation came over Quinn. If Fex wasn't consuming the blood of every human he came into contact with, that would suggest that it didn't have the same effects on him as it did to Quinn. It would be understandable if he was doing it for reasons to not be caught. However, he already had these 7 people in the room, yet he didn't consume blood from a single person. 
 "System, what is the meaning of this?" Quinn asked. 
 "I think you've figured it out already." The system replied. "As I've said to you before, your Vampire powers are unique, different from the others. What applies to you doesn't mean it will apply to them, and the same can be said the other way round. But this, Quinn, this is your advantage over the others." 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release/ then remember to vote with your stones below. Stone goals in authors note. 

 
	 Chapter 178 Spying 
 Certain Vampires had weird habits, it was probably due to the fact that they were either stuck indoors or mostly stuck in the dark all the time. This was what was going through Fex's head as he looked at Quinn. 
 Even Fex was considered weird for having so much interest in humans but so far his experiences of them hadn't been great. No one would talk to him, and of the very few interactions he had with all of them, he was attacked, first by Erin, then by his two roommates. 
 Finally, when the leg was fully healed on the female student Peter no longer felt as weird about eating the leg in front of him. Before he felt like he was eating a part of her, but now that he could see she was fine, he couldn't let it go to waste. 
 The first bite was the hardest but once he got the juicy taste of flesh into his mouth, he couldn't stop. He continued on until almost nothing was left but the bone. 
 "Ghouls, a little bit of a messy eater, aren't they," Fex said, trying to crack a joke. 
 But Quinn was in no laughing mood. 
 [Quest update] 
 [3/7 Pieces of human flesh has been consumed by Ghoul Peter Chuck] 
 Once again the energy surged through Quinn's body. But he knew it wasn't him getting stronger but Peter instead. But this message had only soured his mood realising he would need to do this four more times. 
 'Maybe we should just take the easy way?' Quinn thought for a brief moment but quickly changed his mind. 
 They took off the blindfold from the girl and then Fex started to use his influence skill. His red eyes glowed and so did the females he was looking at. She appeared in a dazed state as if she was unaware of anything around her as if she was asleep but with her eyes open. 
 Fex gave simple instructions of what happened that night, he was sure not to overcomplicate things and at the same time not give too many details otherwise it could cause problems with her mind. The last thing he mentioned was telling her to sleep for another hour. 
 While one of them watched the hallways for any oncoming students, the other would carry them and put them in a place where it would be a while before a student spotted them. Certain sections of the library, just outside the staircase on the top floors and so on. 
 "What if someone sees them?" Peter asks. 
 "There are students who are knocked out all the time, although to the watch system it will just appear like they are sleeping everyone else will think something happened to them," Vorden explained. "Think about it, when you were sleeping outside the room, apart from the first day, did people really bother you." 
 Peter knew Vorden was right, and he felt like Peter only gained extra attention because he was a level one. But after the first day, several students just ignored Peter like he was some homeless dog left on the street. 
 After they finished doing everything they needed to do, they left Fex in his room on his own. "If you need me you know where to find me," Fex said. 
 As he saw the three boys walk off Fex started to feel a little bored. Everything that happened today was one of the first interesting things that had happened to him since he got to the human world. Then when they thought about it, it was one of the most interesting things he had done in his life so far. 
 ***** 
 The day had arrived, and Peter wasn't feeling hungry this morning as he had eaten a meal last night, but that still didn't mean there wasn't a list of jobs they needed to do. They had more problems right now than just trying to find meat for Peter. 
 Because Duke was hot on their heels. They needed to convince him that somehow Peter was learning the ability books handed to him. So the three decided to once again split up for the morning. Vorden had memorised the students who had the regenerative ability and at breakfast, he would try to track them down and find out what club classes to and when would be the best time to nab them. 
 While Peter and Quinn had decided to pay a little visit upstairs to the VIP area. Their aim for today was visiting Logan. Not once had Quinn seen Logan in the canteen area and he realized he never saw Logan around the school much even before that. 
 While also training in the pod that Logan had, he realized he never really left the room and there was no need for him too. The VIP room had facilities such as a shower and a toilet and whenever he wanted he could call and ask food from the shop to be delivered to his door. 
 "Long time no see." Logan greeted as this time he answered the door still with bags under his eyes. When he finished rubbing his eyes though he noticed someone else behind him. "It looks like you brought a friend with you as well this time." 
 They entered the room and Peter couldn't stop looking at all the strange gadgets inside. He also noticed the level 8 on Logan's watch that seemed to frighten him a little. 'When did Quinn get to know someone so powerful?' he thought. 
 Once he sat down, Quinn started to explain what he wished Logan to do. However this time, Quinn was afraid Logan would decline. He had already asked so much from him and he had nothing to give back in return. 
 But without saying anything he put on his metallic glove and got to work on the watch while it was still on Peter's hand after a few minutes he sat back in his chair. "All done for you." He said. 
 Now on the watch, the number two was permanently displayed. "If we want to come back and increase the number, are you okay with that Logan?" 
 "I thought you might ask something like that so I already did it for you," Logan said. "If you twist the top of the watch then the numbers will change, going from one all the way up to six. So you will be able to fool anyone into thinking you have a high ability. Every time I work on something I just impress myself more and more." 
 Quinn was feeling even more guilty Logan hadn't even asked any questions of why he needed to do such a thing and was providing his services for free. 
 "If you ever, need any help Logan, feel free to ask me. I know, you probably don't need me too much, but even if it's for testing something in the game, please I want to help you." 
 With that said it was almost time for the combat classes to begin and the two of them had to leave. As they left the room, Logan quickly booted up his computer and started typing away until he suddenly stopped. 
 "If I do this, he will probably never trust me again. It was nice speaking to a person for once, rather than a machine..." Logan said. "But at the same time, I can tell you are hiding things from me, and I can only help you if I know more." 
 "Recording device activated." The computer system said. 
 As he activated the recording device inside Peter's watch, he could now hear everything. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. Goals in the author notes. Currently Rank 2 

 
	 Chapter 179 Alone 
 When Quinn had first come in and made the request, he had explained that his system had hidden the level of his actual ability. It made sense why he needed to adjust the score on the watch. This was why when Logan saw Peter and they had made the same request… it secretly made Logan happy inside. 
 He thought that perhaps Peter had been put under the same type of system that Quinn had. He saw Quinn as a friend now and was happy to help him, but his urge to find out about the system far surpassed that of their weak bond. 
 When touching Peter, he realized how he was quickly disappointed, he didn't have the same reaction as he did when touching Quinn. Which meant right now, he couldn't think of a reason why Peter would need to change his level? If it was something as simple as to avoid others from bullying him, it was too risky to do. 
 Once they found out how weak he was they would report him and the watch would be replaced. The only thing he could think of was, Quinn and Peter were hiding something from him. So he came up with a plan to implant a recording device into the watch. 
 At first, he was originally going to do this with Quinn, however, he quickly felt him and Quinn get close together. He enjoyed the small conversations they would have. He decided it wasn't right to invade his privacy and believed Quinn would eventually tell him. 
 **** 
 It was time for the two to split up, Peter would head to the elemental class with Vorden while Quinn would head to his normal Weapons class. 
 For the start of the lesson, they continued to go through the kicks that had been done the other day. Quinn worked on perfecting them while in his head imagining the feeling of blood swipe going through his legs. 
 Usually, he would just have to think about activating the skill and the system would do the rest for him. The energy inside his body moved on its own but he could still feel everything that happened were only automatic. 
 If he wanted to combine his blood swipe with his leg techniques he had to recreate that feeling in his legs while throwing out a kick. It was too bad his mind had been preoccupied with other things, otherwise, Quinn would have loved to test it out right now. 
 While practising though he noticed once again that Fex was standing by his own. Not a single person had approached him. It was to the point where Fex was just lying about and looking at the ceiling in boredom. 
 Now Leo didn't do anything about students who didn't want to learn. In his opinion, in the end, it really was up to them if they wanted to participate or not. However, if they were to disturb the class he would deal with them. 
 Seeing this Quinn decided to approach Fex. HE didn't feel like Fex was a bad person but more like a child who didn't know what was right and wrong. IF Quinn could just approach him and get close maybe he could learn more about the vampires that might be after him. 
 "Hey, do you want a spar?" Quinn asked. 
 Fex got up from the floor and looked around him, noticing that there was only one person Quinn could have been speaking to. "Who, me?" Fex asked, tilting his head a bit. 
 Quinn nodded. "Maybe I can use my full strength against you this time?" 
 "Yeah, right. But if you insist on an arse kicking then I'll be happy to give you one." Fex replied with a smile. 
 Fex was a good fighter and Quinn was hoping to learn from him, if in the future he really did become his enemy it would be useful to learn how not only he fought, but how others fought as well. There was also the fact that recently Quinn had gotten a stat boost, he knew he wasn't as powerful as Fex yet, but maybe slowly as he consumed more people's blood he could change that. 
 The two of them sparred using the kicking techniques only and Leo also noticed that Fex could actually perform the kicks quite well. IT seemed like he was performing them badly before just because he didn't want to. 
 Still, the two of them knew not to show their true strength or speed otherwise the others around them would start to get suspicious. 
 While Layla and Erin were practising their kicks against each other, Layla noticed Erin was incredibly distracted and was constantly looking over at where Quinn and Fex was. She was never interested in Quinn before, even after learning he was a vampire. So it had to mean she was looking at Fex instead. 
 After last night she tried to repeat the movements while she was under control multiple times but they just weren't right. She wanted to feel them one more time, she felt like she was close but something was just missing. 
 But as she looked at Fex's face it filled her with disgust. She would never allow herself to be controlled by another person. 
 ***** 
 In another training hall, the elemental class was taking place again. Voden and Peter did their usual thing keeping their distance from one another but at the same time not too far. The lessons usually started off with an explanation, demonstration and then students would try to replicate what they were being taught. 
 At the end of each lesson, there was free time. Students could practise fighting against each other, or practise on their own trying to perfect and get a hang of their skills. 
 So far the whole lesson had passed without anything happening, and it was only in the last part that the same men that approached Peter the other day, had approached him once again. 
 "So Peter, I see you finally reached the level two earth ability, but your progress is a little slow don't you think?" The student who had approached had quite a skinny frame and it looked like he hardly had any fat on him. His face was even sunken in by the cheekbones. 
 It was as if fate had decided how he would look from birth, for the name given to him by his parents was Bones. Although Bones himself didn't look intimidating, Vorden could see he was confident when approaching Peter. 
 While looking around he saw a couple of other students also looking in their direction. They were probably working for Duke as well. 
 "The Duke wants to make sure that you progress as fast as possible, and the easiest way of doing that is through a practical assessment wouldn't you agree? Why don't the two of us have a little spar?" 
 Although Vorden wasn't close enough to hear what they were saying, he was able to tell they were in some sort of trouble just from the look on Peter's face. Then when he saw them walking off in a certain direction and clearing a space around the two of them Vorden knew what was happening. 
 They wanted to test his abilities when Peter had no abilities. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones. Goals in the author's note below. Currently Rank 2 

 
	 Chapter 180 Tricking Bone 
 The room was full with students minding their own business practising their elemental abilities. Most of them in the room where Earth users, as that was the most common ability distributed throughout the world. 
 It was also the easiest to raise up a few levels ability-wise, but if you wanted to reach the peak of the earth ability. You were required to join the military and move up. 
 In one of the corners of the room, Peter had been taken by Bones, a tall skinny student who also had two other students by his side. They each formed a triangle like position, with Bones in front of Peter while the other two stood behind him. 
 Vorden had his own fair share fo fighting experiences, and just from looking at this, he knew what they were planning to do. He quickly needed to think of a plan and started to look round the room. Otherwise, they were going to get found out. 
 They couldn't risk Peter getting taken away now, not while he was still a ghoul, a single day without flesh would make him go crazy. And although Quinn believed Peter would remain silent Vorden did not. 
 "Alright, Peter, it's time to see what you got." Bones said. 
 However, Peter was far too nervous to hear Bones properly and was thinking about what to do to get out of this mess. 
 'Why did these guys have to come and get me now?' Peter thought. 'Is the watch not proof enough. These guys are they still trying to ruin my life, well, if I'm going to get caught anyway. I should just kill them." 
 Just then, Peter managed to catch Vorden walking up from behind them and then walking to the side. 
 "Come on, Peter, are you ready or what!" Bones shouted, as he was starting to get agitated. 
 Vorden had now stopped off not too far next to them. He started to perform certain moves, and earth pillars and walls were created as he performed these moves. It was clear that Vorden had copied quite a high-level earth ability, but Peter was just wondering what did that have to do with him? 
 Then he noticed that Vorden was repeating the same set of moves and then pointing to himself afterwards. 
 'Does he want me to copy him?' Peter thought, but just as he was thinking that. He felt a blunt object hit him in the stomach. When he looked down at what had hit him, he noticed it was an earth pillar. 
 "I don't have all day you little twirp!" Bones shouted. 
 Peter was surprised at how little the attack had hurt. It was as if someone had given him a small nudge, but knowing the others would expect a reaction, he held his hands around his stomach and started to hurl forward. 
 While continuing to look over at Vorden. Peter then looked at Bones and started to copy each action Vorden was doing. First was a step on the ground, an earth wall was then lifted from the floor. Vorden made sure to create a small one, trying to mimic a level two user. 
 It was only because he had stolen a level four earth users ability that he was able to still create earth skills at such a distance. And thankfully, the others were all distracted, looking at Peter. To the outside, it just looked like Vorden was practising some form of martial arts. 
 Peter then threw out his palm imitating Vorden and the earth wall formed a worm like shape, still attached to the wall. 
 "Is that enough for you?" Peter asked. 
 Bones then walked up to the wall and placed his hand on it, lowering the wall down. He continued to walk forward until he was directly in front of Peter's face. 
 An earth pole was formed into Bone's hand, and he whacked Peter right across the face, leaving a large red mark. The taste of metal started to fill peters mouth as blood formed. 
 At that point and time, he had to do everything to stop himself from just jumping on top of bones and ripping at his neck. 
 "That's for wasting my time, if you did that in the first place we could have gone home already." Bones said as he started to walk off away from the others. "Peter, make sure you reach level four in time or else." 
 As the three were leaving, Peter could do nothing but watch them go, he hated the fact that even though he now had the chance to fight them, he had to hide that fact. 
 However, when Peter looked at the three people just about to leave the training room, he noticed Vorden was standing in front of them blocking their path. 
 "Hey guys, it seems like I have no partner in training today, do you mind helping me out?" Vorden asked. 
 "What the hell, scram out of here!" Bones said. 
 "Oh! You're happy to practice with me right here and now!" Vorden shouted, making sure everyone could hear. 
 A few seconds later, and Vorden was already casting his earth spells aiming it at all three of them. The sudden attacks and Vordens versatile use of the Earth abilities didn't allow Bones and his men to last long, as Vorden managed to give each of them a thorough beating without getting a hit a single time back. 
 ***** 
 Once classes were over for the day. Vorden and Peter met up together in the library. They each used a book to cover their faces as they talked to each other using the silencing orb. The orb meant that as long as no one was at the table, none of the others around them could hear. 
 "Okay, so do you remember the plan?" Vorden asked. "Tonight, I want to try to get all three of those regenerative ability users. There are three places most likely we can get them. Dinner time after the canteen, we can follow them, just outside their dorm room, or before they return to their homeroom classes. All we have to do is convince each student and lead them to Fex's room to deal with the rest. 
 "Now this is important Peter, cause each of us are going to have our own person we're going to follow. Me, you, and Quinn will each have one person, so don't mess this up okay?" 
 Although Peter was no longer weak like before, Vorden still couldn't rely on him. 
 "What about the two other people?" Peter asked. "If I don't, if I'm not satisfied after these, then does that mean we're going to have to kill more?" 
 When Peter asked this, Vorden looked at him carefully. Usually, a person would be quite worried, but Peter actually said those last words so casually. 
 'Did he change after killing Earl?' Vorden thought. 'He's getting more dangerous." 
 "Stop being such a hypocrite," Raten said. 
 Vorden chose to ignore Raten's words for now. Technically he wasn't being a hypocrite himself because he had never done such things. 
 "We will leave that to Quinn, I'm sure he will think of something in that time frame," Vorden replied 
 With that, the two of them had their targets that they would follow for the day. However, unknown to both of them, when they thought their conversation was protected and being kept secret by the sound orb it actually wasn't. 
 Because Logan had heard everything. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release, then remember to vote with your stones below. Goals in authors notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 181 Logan moves! 
 After hearing what Peter and Vorden had said, Logan wasn't shocked by it. His mind worked differently to others. It was very rare for him to feel any emotion, such as sadness or shock. It wasn't until he first discovered computers and programming that he started to feel the emotions of joy and excitement. 
 So his reaction to hearing this wasn't normal, to say the least, he felt like he needed more information before coming to a logical conclusion. So far there were three students involved, Vorden, Quinn and Peter that he knew of. 
 The words that stuck out most to him during the conversation were "kill again". Logan then proceeded to log onto his computer and started to access the school's servers. Whenever he would hit a firewall or a security breach, he would place his hand on the computer and close his eyes. 
 "Please I need your help, will you let me in?" Logan asked. 
 A few moments later and he was into the school system. Since the new school semester started there were a total of two student deaths that had been reported, one named Brandon and the other named Earl. 
 When looking at the files he also noticed that two students had been brought in for questioning and one of them for both cases, Quinn. 
 'IF the three of them are friends are they covering for Peter? Maybe the military was always close in their investigation but never got the right person.' Logan thought. 
 This seemed to be the most logical conclusion but then there were still a few things that didn't make sense. Why would they be covering for a murderer, they couldn't have been that close as no one knew each other before coming here. 
 Unless they were directly involved there would be no need for a cover-up. Then the second thing was the fact why would there be a need for them to kill again. The way Peter had spoken had made it sound like an accident. 
 The Next thing Logan pulled up was a file on Fex. A student name that was mentioned in their conversation. 
 'Now things are starting to make less sense.' He said. 
 Fex was a new student who had only been here a few days and had been brought in for draft evasion. For some reason, there was a link between all these people but Logan just couldn't find it. 
 His heart started beating as the excitement of a mystery about to be unlocked. He felt the same feeling he did when he was working on a new idea and when he finally found the missing component, a rush of dopamine would be sent to his brain. 
 There was one place that they would be at tonight without fail and that was the student's names Fex. Before leaving Fex grabbed a round ball-like object and started making some adjustments with his mechanical glove. 
 **** 
 Vorden had caught up with Quinn and given him information on his target, saying what homeroom class they were from and also what combat classes they would attend. Judging by the time of day, they were able to guess most likely were the student would be. 
 Quinn had gone to one of the homeroom classes to find his target. Vorden had gone to wait outside the dorm area and lastly Peter to the canteen. 
 As Quinn walked down the hallway where the students were just outside their homeroom, he would use his inspect skill on all those walking by. Vorden had given a description, but Quinn felt like using his inspect skill would allow him to spot the right person quicker in the crowd of people. 
 As for how to convince the student to come with him Quinn had wanted to test something. Finally, he found the student walking back towards the dorm room. Quinn quickly tapped the student on his shoulder. 
 "What is it?" The student said half annoyed as he turned, but he quickly changed his tone. "Oh, sorry how can I help you." He said with blush marks underneath his cheeks. 
 He had never seen a student so handsome before, it was as if something was drawing him in. 
 [Influence skill activated] 
 [Influence skill successful] 
 Before approaching the student Quinn had asked the system to allow his charm skills to go back to normal. He had increased his points by two, and out of all the student's regenerative abilities Quinn was tasked with the second weakest one. 
 "Follow a few feet behind me, don't say anything to anyone understand." 
 The student nodded and continued to follow Quinn. 
 Vorden found it quite easy to convince his student to do as asked after showing him his watch, threatening to beat the person if he didn't comply, and then finally it was Peter's Turn. Dinner had ended and he could see his target moving up and leaving the place but he was also with a few of his friends as well. 
 However, Peter managed to pluck up the courage and stand in front of the student. 
 "I'm here to deliver a message," Peter said. "General Duke has asked me to take you to him at this moment." 
 The student agreed to leave his friends and follow Peter. It was all going well for Peter so far, the student was following and asking him what the General wanted to see him about. Whenever asked Peter would reply, saying the general would never tell a low level like him information about why. 
 However, the problems started to occur when the student realized that Peter wasn't leading them to an office, but instead towards the dorm rooms. 
 "Where are you taking me?" He asked. 
 "Oh, I just need to grab a few things form my room first that I forgot," Peter replied. 
 "I thought you said it was urgent!" The student was now starting to get annoyed at Peter. This was bad as there were still several students around returning to their dorm rooms after leaving the canteen. 
 It wasn't like Peter could knock him out there and then. 
 "Is there a problem here." A voice said. 
 As the student turned around he could see a black hared student he didn't recognize and suddenly, his eyes lit up red. 
 "Head over to room 224 and wait there," Fex commanded and the student did as asked. 
 "Thank you, but why are you out here?" Peter asked. 
 "I had a feeling one of you might mess up this plan of yours, and out of everyone I picked you. I've been following you since the canteen." 
 The two of them entred Fex's room and tied up the student. They then sat together in silence as they patiently waited for the others. 
 Until Fex broke the silence. "Don't worry too much, once this is done, you will evolve and no longer be required to do this type of thing. I honestly don't know why your turner didn't prepare this all beforehand." 
 "Well, he didn't really understand what was going on, none of do?" Peter replied. 
 "What do you mean?" Fex asked. 
 But before Peter was able to give further details a knock was heard at the door. 
 Quinn had arrived first and then Vorden only a few minutes after. They did the same procedure as last time and allowed Fex to tie the other two students up. Now laid on the floor were three students. 
 "Well, are you ready to do this," Fex asked? 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release/ then remember to vote for the story with your stones. Goals in the author's notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 182 Last one 
 This time when faced with the dilemma of choosing who should cut off the student's limbs, Quinn had volunteered. He was taking no chances, he would be doing the work. 
 It wasn't that he wanted to do it, it was because he felt like it was crueller to allow Peter's shaky hands to do the work. If the part wasn't cut clean it would only cause more suffering. 
 They had decided to do all of the students at once, rather than splitting it up into different days. They wanted to get rid of Peter's problem as soon as possible. 
 If Peter was still hungry and they couldn't find a solution for the last one, then they could always rely on Vorden. 
 "Here I go," With a single swing, Quinn cut the piece the student's foot clean off. This time, however, Vorden immediately moved towards the amputated area and started to place his hands just above it. As he did, it began to heal far quicker than it normally would. 
 "What's that?" Peter asked. 
 "I decided to head to the nurse's office, faking that I had a temperature. The two of us touched so I was able to copy her ability." Vorden explained. "I didn't want these guys to go through the same pain as the others." 
 The healing ability along with the regeneration ability seemed to speed up the process by a great amount, and there wasn't even a lot of mess to clean up this time. 
 They then repeated the process two more times to the other students and finally, they were done with everything. Thanks to Vorden's healing ability, the pain the students had suffered didn't weigh on their mind as much this time. 
 Also when the legs were put in front of Peter, he too was starting to find it a bit easier. In fact, Vorden thought he was finding it too easy. 
 "Looks like you're really enjoying those legs there huh." Vorden remarked before asking Peter, "Did mine taste any better?" A crude smile was shown on his face and his eyebrow was slightly twitching. 
 "Look I'm not happy about this, but we have to make the best out of the bad situation," Peter said as he took another bite. 
 When eating the legs, it wasn't like he ever felt full. It was a strange feeling but it was more like his hunger would disappear. He tore through each leg with ease and finally had finished the last one. 
 "Remember to eat the bone too," Fex added. "Don't want to leave any evidence behind." 
 Peter's jaw was now also harder than most, and his whole digestion system had changed. So doing something like this was easy for him, although the bone didn't have much taste apart from the marrow inside but at least he didn't churn it up like everything else he ate. 
 [6/7 Pieces of human flesh consumed by your ghoul] 
 The message had appeared and now there was only one person they had to find before Peter had to evolve. Although the others weren't sure about the exact amount but knew Peter must be close. 
 Before Peter had eaten the pieces of leg, Quinn had also gotten a taste from each one of the students on the floor. Adding to his overall stat points. 
 [Charm: 13] 
 [Strength: 20] 
 [Stamina: 18] 
 With the three students blood types these were the stats that had been increased. 
 "So did you come up with any ideas for this last person?" Fex said as he sat down on his chair with his legs up on his desk. 
 "I was thinking about this, but what about that Bones person?" Peter suggested. 
 "The person who you met today? That's a bad idea." Vorden replied. "Number one, did you even see that guy? I think you would have to eat his whole body to be satisfied. Secondly, he happens to work for Duke. You're already on his radar. But I think you're along the right line, we should pick someone who deserves it." 
 "And how do we decide that," Quinn said. "If anyone deserves it, it would be Duke himself, everyone is just doing what he says. Peter could have easily been doing the same thing to others once he went up high enough up the ladder." 
 Suddenly, while in the middle of their conversation a beep sound was heard. They all recognised the sound well, for it was when someone was returning to the room who accessed it. However, Fex had sent his two roommates away during this time using his influence skill. 
 He had tested it before and knew their minds were weak and would obey the command, so it shouldn't have worn off. 
 So just who was able to break into the room so suddenly like that? As the door opened, a small student with bags under his eyes were seen. His head quickly moved around the room, trying to process what was going on. 
 "Three students tied up on the floor, blood parts in certain areas and the rest casually standing around," Logan mumbled to himself. 
 Logan had actually arrived in front of the door earlier, but he had decided to continue to listen in on their conversation. Perhaps he had misheard something, or the words they were saying weren't really meant. 
 But after listening and deluding himself from the truth, he could no longer take it when they started to talk about candidates. He had to see for himself what was going on. 
 The biggest shock to him though, was one of the students had their limbs torn off. The other two had already healed in time. But the same couldn't be said for the last student. 
 They all had different levels of regenerative ability, and his leg would take longer to heal. 
 Logan immediately brought out the black sphere shaped ball and pressed it against his chest. The small little spider-like robots started to spread and appear around his body at a lightning speed until it formed a mechanical suit. 
 It looked similar to a miniature Mech, only less clunky. As he lifted his hand it started to form an oval cannon like shape. Two more of them started to form on top of his shoulders and then he had his other hand pointed out. 
 Each of them was pointed at a person in the room. 
 "Don't you guys move, or I swear I will blast you all!" Logan said. His voice had a slight echo to it as it was projected through a type of speaker through the suit. "Quinn, did they put you up to this? If they're blackmailing you—I can help you out, I have connections you know." 
 "Logan, please!" Quinn pleaded. "Put the weapons down, it's not what you think." 
 "I can't Quinn, if I lower these weapons and I don't know the truth, there's a higher chance for you all attacking me. And all though I would like to trust you Quinn. I have factored that there is also a high probability that you are involved in this case as well, and two previous cases before." 
 'When did he do so much research' Quinn thought. 
 "What the hell are you guys waiting for? Looks like we found your next meal ticket!" Fex said as he took a step forward. 
 A few seconds later though, a beam of blue light had hit Fex and sent him flying up against the room wall. 
 "I did say that nobody should move," Logan said. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. Stone goals in the author's notes below. 

 
	 Chapter 183 Processing 
 A single step, that was all it took. Fex had moved a single step before Logan had decided to fire without hesitation and the shot looked powerful. They could tell it was a powerful blow to cause Fex to go flying like that, and it seemed like he hadn't recovered from it because he was still lying on his front on the ground. 
 When looking at Logan, Quinn could see that he wasn't reacting like he usually would. It was like he was shaken, but not from fear of what was happening. No, Logan was too strong of a person for that it was something else. 
 There weren't many people Logan had trusted, and although it wasn't a long time to do had spent with each other it felt more special to logan. No one had ever shown as much interest in what he had worked on. Quinn would often ask questions about all his gadgets and although he couldn't appreciate their true worth he could tell he treated them with great care. 
 But this fact had made him realize that the two of them weren't that close to each other at all. He now felt like Quinn had used him for his skills. 
 "Logan! Please just give us a chance to explain." At that moment Quinn had taken a step forward, Logan automatically reacted to this and fired once again. 
 "Wait no!" Logan shouted. 
 However, Quinn felt like something like this might of happened, so he was prepared. Suing the shadow he lifted it up to block the energy shot-stopping it mid-air in the shadow. 
 Then moving out of the way he moved his shadow with it causing the shot to smash and go straight out the window. 
 "We seriously need to stop wreaking these rooms," Vorden said. 
 "Quinn I need an answer for all of this, and one that makes sense, If everything doesn't and I feel like your lying. Well, I don't want to even consider that as an option." 
 "You'll understand when I explain everything, I wanted to tell you logan, do you mind if just me and you speak alone?", Quinn asked. 
 As Logan looked around the room, he realized that it would be the better option to just talk to Quinn. It would make it less likely for the others to plan anything while the two of them were talking. But Quinn wanted to talk to logan alone for a different reason. 
 Right now he was the only one who knew about the system, and although Fex seemed like he was passed out on the ground, who knew if was listening in or not. 
 "Give me your neck," Logan demanded. 
 "What why?" Quinn asked. 
 "If you want me to trust you then give me your neck," Logan said once again. 
 Quinn did as ask and walked over while bending down slightly. Then when logan touched Quinn's neck a part of his suit started to move and form a type of collar around Quinn's neck. 
 "If you try anything funny, that collar will explode," Logan said. 
 Although Vampires had great healing abilities he wasn't so sure he would be able to survive an explosion around the neck. 
 The two of them then left the room and headed upstairs to where Logan's room was located. 
 After a few moments after them leaving Fex started to get up form the floor and around his chest area a burn mark could be seen. "Who would have thought that little twip would have been so strong," Fex said as he touched his chest area. 
 It was slowly starting to heal but wasn't healing as fast as a regular wound, which was a first for Fex. He just wondered what that energy blast was made of. 
 "good thing I stayed on the floor, I was not ready for that one." He said. 
 "Do you think Quinn is going to be okay?" Peter asked. "Logan is a level 8 user. I know Quinn's strong but." 
 "We have to deal with this problem first," Vorden said pointing at the students on the floor. "Maybe Quinn can by us some time but if Logan reports us, they still can't do anything without any proof, so we need to get rid of the evidence as quickly as possible." 
 The three of them nodded and got to work. 
 **** 
 Quinn and Logan were inside there room and out of habit Logan had gone to his usual seat when talking to Quinn. 
 "Alright Quinn I thought we had a fair deal before but it seems you were hiding more form me than I originally thought, and although I have a great interest in the system I can not condone someone who goes around killing random people." 
 Quinn was struggling to think about how to explain this to logan not only that but if he would believe him and how would he react to the truth. while deep in his thoughts an unexpected voice in his head was heard. 
 "Let him touch you again." The system said. "His ability I think I've figured out what it is, if you touch me then it will allow me to speak to him. Pass over everything I know and explain everything that happened." 
 Although Quinn thought it would be better if he explained it in his own words at the same time he felt like Logan might not believe him if he did. But if it came directly from the system then there was a chance. 
 "Logan, if you touch me, then the system will be able to explain everything. It will all make sense." 
 Logan was still in his heavy miniature mech suit apart from one of his hands that had been used to form a collar around Quinn's neck. While in the suit he felt safe. 
 "I'm putting my trust in you one more time." He said as Quinn went over with his hand held out. 
 When the two of their hands connected, instead fo the normal system message, Logan was able to speak clearly to the system. The system was then also able to show images of everything that had happened to Quinn so far. Including all of the conversations they had. 
 Usually, a normal human Brain wouldn't be able to process all of this information at once, but it was being downloaded into Logan's mind like a harddrive. The system knew this would only work with someone like Logan. 
 Quinn, on the other hand, had no clue what was happening, and could just see, that Logan was remaining still. Then after a few minutes. Logan let go of Quinn's hand. He then raised it and touched the collar around his neck, removing it. Before sitting back down in his chair. 
 "What happened?" Quinn asked. 
 "I understand why, you did what you did Quinn. In fact, if I was in the same situation as you I don't know how I would be able to handle it. Perhaps I would have chosen to seclude myself even further away from everyone. All the actions you took, I can not blame you, because in a way it was the only thing you could do." 
 After receiving the information, Logan then tried to put himself in Quinn's shoes. Although some of the things he did were bad, could they be avoided was the big question. This would ultimately make up Logan's mind whenever or not Quinn was a bad person. 
 After running multiple different scenarios in his head, he had found a couple of ways where he would have been able to have come out or done better but Quinn had never made a truly misguided decision. And even know he was thinking of a way to turn Peter back t normal without hurting anyone. 
 It made him happy to find out that, Quinn's character and person were still the same he thought it was. Still, what made him even happier was he was able to find out more details of the system. How was it possible that someone in this era could create an AI so complex. 
 The Ai itself reminded Logan of his won ability. 
 The two of them sat there for a while. Logan continued to think of all the things he had learned today. The fact that Vampires were real didn't interest as much as the system part, but now that the two of them were linked he wanted to know more about them as well. 
 Quinn had remained quiet, unsure how Logan had taken everything he had just learnedt, and then Logan suddenly, took off the suit and it formed the original small black ball he had in his hand before. 
 "You know," Logan said. "I can help you with your problem?" 
 "Problem?" 
 "Getting the human flesh, there is a way," Logan replied. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to Vote using your stones below. The goal is in the author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 184 Dark Marketplace 
 The three boys had worked fast this time, and because they were in a rush, even Fex had to help beyond his determined contribution - An unusual trait of the young man - for the reason that he was afraid of getting caught. Rather than simply using his influence skill to clear their minds, he also commanded them to follow him. 
 Then, whenever they arrived at a safe place or a random hall, he would break the skill, allowing their minds to be cleared. It also returned them to normal as if nothing had ever happened. The group did the very same thing to all three students, and they were all fully healed as normal. 
 "What are we going to do about the window?" Peter asked. 
 "Don't worry, I can deal with that. I will just make the other two students in the room think that they were in a fight. They can just take the blame." Fex said. 
 Although Fex was growing a bit tired since he had used his influence skill a lot today, taking up his mental energy, he merely held out to achieve their goal. However, he would need a good rest after everything was over and done with. 
 "Should we go check up on Quinn?" Peter asked. 
 "You two can go, but I don't want to get blasted again," Fex said as he looked down, noticing that his wound had finally healed. 
 Just then, the beep sound of the door was heard. Knowing that it wasn't going to be Fex's roommates, everybody prepared themselves for the worst to come. Nevertheless, when they saw Logan enter the room with Quinn trailing him, they were able to relax a little. 
 There were no teachers, and Logan no longer looked frightening without him donning the mech suit. 
 "It's okay guys. Logan knows everything." Quinn said. 
 "Everything?" Peter asked. 
 They thought that Quinn had lied, perhaps, or had only told the truth about Peter. But in reality, Logan knew more than everyone in the room. For Logan now knew about the system as well as the vampires. 
 Logan then Pointed at Peter, and as he spoke to each person, he would move along to the next. 
 "Yes, I know that you are a ghoul," Logan said pointing. "You are a vampire like Quinn. Also, you're a strange person who seems to be wrapped up in this, more so than you should be. My conclusion is that you are crazy." 
 Peter looked towards Vorden and could see his eyebrow was twitching up and down. If there was one word that Vorden didn't like, it was the word crazy. 
 "Anyway, I propose we all head upstairs to my room, for I have a solution to your little eater problem. Follow me." 
 Logan left the room and Quinn followed behind while signalling to the others that it was alright to do so. 
 "You guys can go ahead without me," Fex said. "I've done my part, so there are no more favours in between us. I did my thing and you did your thing." 
 As the others left the room, Fex was finally able to lie down on his bed. The wound and the strain from the multiple uses of influence skill had drained all his energy, He didn't follow them because he didn't want to seem weak in front of the others - Afraid that they might use it as a chance to get rid of him. 
 "I'll just go ahead and close my eyes," Fex said as he nearly instantly went to sleep. 
 The boys, except for Fex, had finally made it into Logan's room and made sure that the door was firmly shut behind them. 
 "Are you sure this isn't all a trap, Quinn? How is this guy meant to help us." Logan whispered. 
 "I don't know," Quinn replied. "He hasn't told me anything yet, but I trust him. He helped me out with the watch and knew about my shadow abilities, yet still didn't tell anyone. I see no reason for him to tell others about this as well." 
 Logan then logged-in to his computer as usual. From the surface of the computer screen, a light shone out and a projection appeared, allowing the others to see everything that Logan was doing. 
 "The problem is that you need a fresh piece of human meat, correct? But the human meat shouldn't be rotten, so going to the cemetery is not an option. You also couldn't sneak into the hospital due to the surveillance cameras." Logan explained. 
 He then went onto a certain site. It looked exactly like the marketplace that Quinn had gone on to buy his equipment, only this was slightly different. Instead of a white background on the webpage, it was black. 
 "I will introduce you to a whole new world you probably didn't even know existed." Said Logan "We call this the Dark Market place. It contains items that aren't allowed to be sold on the regular market place. It even has a request board, one that can evade the eyes of the government." 
 "What kind of things are on there?" Peter asked. 
 "Sometimes, they will ask someone to steal information from their competitors. Some jobs even include hiring assassins to hit on certain people all around the world. Usually, if there is something that you want to get, you can find it here." Said Logan. 
 "I've heard of this before," Vorden said. "But I had no clue how to access it. It seems like only certain people within a group know how to. My family said they would let me know once I am old enough." 
 "That's because the Dark Marketplace only allows certain individuals to get a membership. However, my ability allows me to bypass any restrictions, and I am able to log in with no worries." 
 Logan then typed into the search bar and straight away, what they were looking for appeared. The words could clearly be seen "Fresh human flesh available now - Cut less than 24 hours ago." 
 Seeing this scared the others a little. They were still young and naive. They knew the world had taken a turn for the worse, yet this seemed like a few steps too far. But even in the past, in the old age of the internet, there was a similar service like this called the Dark web. 
 Seeing this, Quinn started to read the description and found something strange. 
 The item has been shrunk, wrapped, and filled with nitrogen to keep it as fresh as possible. It had also been dried of all blood, so the customer can only get the flesh itself. 
 "Logan, could you check for me? Is there any way to get blood?" Quinn asked. 
 The others thought that Quinn perhaps didn't want to rely on Layla or Vorden any longer. If he could get an endless supply online, that would be a big help for him. However, Quinn was actually hoping for a shortcut, but seeing the fact that the human flesh had been dried of blood made him feel a little suspicious on the ensuing transaction. 
 Logan did a quick type, and to his surprise, the screen said: "No results found." This was the Dark market place, as long as there was a demand for something, then they would have it. Yet this time, they didn't have blood? It was certainly strange. 
 "I find it odd that there wouldn't be blood on this. Regardless, even before vampires began to exist, there are underground hospitals and groups who would need it for emergency situations. Perhaps I should look into this more." Logan continued to ponder on the subject. 
 "So, are we able to order the flesh then," Peter asked. 
 "Ah yes, I'll do that for you now," Logan replied. 
 The flesh cost quite a sum - It was around 10,000 credits, the same price as an advanced tier beast core. However, Logan had covered the cost of the flesh for them. He stated that he would much rather let himself do this than allowing them to go around the school, trying to cut someone's limb off. 
 Although this was bad in its own way, the flesh already existed on the market place. The person was dead and there was nothing they could do. 
 Once he placed the order online, just like the marketplace, he had received a code. When the confirmation was sent, he was ready to receive his package. In his own room, Logan had a teleporter receiver for packages. He often ordered things online and on the Dark market place for parts for his gadgets. 
 After typing the code in, the item suddenly appeared in a box. They opened it up and it was shrunk, wrapped, and covered with ice, just like the order had said. 
 Quinn used his inspect skill. Thereafter, the description stated that there wasn't a single part of it which had blood on them. 
 After taking it out, they placed the meat on Peter's hands, and Logan couldn't stop staring at him. He was interested in seeing how Peter was able to eat the meat. 
 Although Peter was a little shy, he quickly gobbled up the food quickly. When he saw that it was similar to an animal eating meat, Logan lost his interest once again. 
 [7/7 different piece of human flesh have been consumed by your ghoul] 
 [Quest complete] 
 [Evolution process will begin!] 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to Vote using your stones below. The goal is in the author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 185 Peter Evolving 
 Almost at the same time as Quinn had received the notification from the system, a loud groan could be heard from behind him. 
 "Peter what's wrong, are you okay?" Vorden said, with a worried expression. He was shaking Peter who had fallen, and was lying on the ground. Peter was clutching his belly with both hands, he felt like a fire was spreading out from that point all over his body. 
 "Guys! Give him some space!" Quinn said, "He's evolving! I don't know what he'll turn into, or what's going to happen to him next." 
 Quinn knew from his own experience how painful the process of evolving was, but more than that, he was worried what Peter might turn into. 
 Quinn had immediately asked the system what Peter would evolve into, but the response he received worried him. The system said that there were many possibilities and it couldn't predict which one Peter would evolve into. He had thought that by completing his quest and letting Peter evolve, it would be the end of his problems, but once again, the system had kept some information from him. 
 When lower class creatures like ghouls evolved, there were many different classes they could change into. Sometimes, by using certain methods, the classes someone would evolve into could be influenced, but mostly it was a random process which depended on the situation and personality of the individual. 
 Every class had its own set of skills, and some were rarer than others. But when Quinn found out about a specific class a ghoul could evolve into, he became very upset, it was the class known as the wendigo. Out of all the classes Peter could evolve into, this was the worst. It was the only class that would still require him to eat human flesh, but that was not the only issue with the class. 
 The system had added that because they managed to feed Peter quickly, it wasn't likely he would turn into a wendigo, but there were no guarantees. 
 All of them stepped back, to give Peter some space. Logan turned his spider-bots into a cannon attached to his arm, and aimed it at Peter. He hadn't covered his whole body this time, but just enough to create the cannon. Logan looked at the others with a determined look on his face. 
 "I'm not taking any chances," Logan said, "There are too many things left in this world that I still need to discover and investigate." 
 Vorden totally agreed with him, and thought his actions were very reasonable. He was glad Logan had something to point at Peter, because he only had the healing ability right now, and that wasn't any help if things went wrong with the evolution. 
 The groans coming from Peter were getting louder, and he started to shake all over. This much pain he had never experienced before, it felt like something was trying to break all the bones in his body. 
 As they nervously watched Peter, they started to see visible changes to his body. His skin began to shrink and tighten, and turning white all over. He didn't look sick or weak, the scene actually reminded Vorden of what Quinn had looked like before his evolution into a full vampire. 
 It looked like Peter's body hadn't lost any body mass, but it looked like he was shrivelling up and was dehydrated. 
 "Hey, he's not turning into a wendigo is he?" Quinn asked the system. 
 "I'm don't know for sure, but you should be prepared for the worst. I'll be honest with you, these are the signs of someone turning into one. If that's the case, I think it would be best to allow Logan to just kill Peter." the system replied. 
 "But I thought you said it was impossible for me to kill Peter? Also, why can't we just feed him again till he evolves, like last time?" Quinn asked, with a mix of fear and hope in his voice. 
 "For your first question, as long as it is someone else who is going to kill Peter, and you don't try to abandon him at that moment, anyone can kill him. Secondly, unlike other classes, wendigo's can't evolve anymore, and unlike a ghoul, they aren't loyal to their master at all. They have lost their intelligence entirely, and can only react based on instinct, they have only one thing on their mind, which is food. 
 "The only bit of loyalty they have left is that they won't attack their master, but for the rest of their undead lives they will continue to hunt and kill humans to eat their flesh." the system replied, dashing Quinn's hope. 
 Quinn didn't like the idea of it, but if Peter turned into a wendigo, he had no other choice. Too many people had already gotten hurt. He had felt guilty about Peter's situation, which was why he was doing his best to help him, but this was a cost that would be too high even for him. 
 At the same time, there was something that was worrying Peter a lot more right now, his heartbeat was starting to slow down, with the pain on top of this he thought perhaps he was dying. However, even though his heart wasn't beating anymore, he could still feel everything, and it didn't feel like he was dead at all. 
 Then finally, his heartbeat had stopped entirely and at the same time, so did the pain. 
 [Congratulations, your Ghoul has successfully evolved into a Wight] 
 [Blood ritual skill has evolved] 
 [1/3 Slots remaining for the Cursed family] 
 As Peter stood up from the floor, his face looked more sunken in than before, and his skin was slightly paler. Immediately Peter grabbed his chest for some reason, and he held it there for a while, yet there was nothing, not a single beat was felt. 
 "Tell us your name, age and where you are!" Logan shouted. He had to make sure that Peter was right in the head. 
 "I don't answer to you." Peter snapped. "I will only answer to one." He said, pointing at Quinn. 
 Quinn then repeated the question again. 
 "Peter chuck, 16 and we are inside Logan's room sir." 
 Satisfied with the answers, Logan put his hand down but also made sure not to take the mechanical weapon. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Name: Peter Chuck] 
 [Race: Wight] 
 [Stats: Will corresponding with creator until it reaches its limit] 
 Seeing the last bit of information had given Quinn a surprise. This meant right now that Peter had the same stat points as Quinn. He was just as strong and just as fast. Although the second part would suggest it would continue to increase as long as Quinn got stronger, but at some point, it would reach a cap. 
 "What is a Wight though? was it bad like the wendigo, or one of the better ones?" Quinn asked. 
 "Why don't you use your inspect skill and see?" the system replied. "If you select the race option with your mind, it should pull up more information." 
 [Race: Wight] 
 [An undead creature which is fast and sneaky in the night. They are best used as a form of an assassin. Wight's have a high level of intelligence similar to humans, although their personality could not be said to be the same. 
 They are lawful to their creator, but once they see someone as their enemy, they will do everything in their power to get rid of them. 
 Wights are immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, Mind control, and diseases. They also contain a skill that will allow them to turn a killed victim into another lesser Wight [0/2] ] 
 Vorden could see, Quinn taking in something, he noticed he did this from time to time and then would eventually explain what was going on. 
 Perhaps it was some sort of vampire skill or something. But it did make him wonder where he got all his vampire knowledge from, he had always assumed that is was Layla the Vampire frak feeding him this information. 
 "Is everything okay, do we still need to feed him human flesh?" Vorden asked. 
 "It's alright, Peter you are no longer a ghoul, you're now something known as a Wight." Quinn replied. 
 After explaining everything to Peter, he finally understood why his heart had stopped beating. He was an undead creature, no longer alive. 
 "Can I die, sir?" Peter asked. 
 Quinn found it strange that Peter kept referring him to Sir, but could only assume it had something to do with his class change. It seemed to also cause a slight personality change in Peter as well. 
 "Well, you're already dead. There is no longer any need for you to eat human flesh and you're unnatural healing abilities will heal you most of the time. But if you do get to hurt and you use too much energy, you will once again have to eat human flesh, although there is no longer any requirement for it to be fresh." Quinn explained as the system continued to inform him. 
 Everyone in the room could finally relax and sit down. It was finally all over. Still, Peter had decided to leave the personality change that the system said a Wight would have. Since it seemed like Peter was being Lawful to his creator like it said it would, it most likely meant the second part was genuine as well. 
 If a Wight saw anyone as its enemy, then he would do everything he could to get rid of the person. As long as no one tried messing with him for now, everything should be okay. 
 But there was one upcoming situation left that they had to deal with, that was worrying him about this. His next meeting with Duke in a few days time. 
 *** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote below. Stone goals in author's notes. 
 Instagram for some MVS artwork: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 186 Breaking free 
 "I have a question?" Vorden said. "How did you figure out what we were up to?" 
 Vorden was sure he had covered all their tracks with Fex. The last thing he wanted to do was get caught, yet they did. If they had slipped up somewhere and Fex was able to find out, then this meant others could find out about what happened to them as well. 
 Logan then walked over to Peter, who turned his head and gave him a dead eye stare. Seeing this Quinn immediately intervened. 
 "Peter stop that!" It was almost like an instinct for Quinn to do this. Like he was telling off a bad dog growling at another person. 
 The wrist watch had been removed and Logan made a few adjustments using his glove before handing it back to Peter to put back on. 
 For now, he had removed the listening device implanted. That's when he noticed that the heartbeat sensor inside hadn't indicated a signal in a while. 
 If he had found this out too late the guards would have rushed over. although he didnt know why he could only assume it had something to do with the evloutio. He decided to also make a fake signal so it would indicate that Peter was alive. 
 Peter had become a lot less talkative and at the same time, it seemed like he wasn't as timid before. It was causing a strange atmosphere in the room. 
 "Peter why don't you come over by me." Quinn said, noticing how everyone was feeling. 
 Peter then walked over to where Quinn as, while constantly looking around the room, as if he was watching out for any dangers. 
 "I planted a listening device into Peter's wristwatch when you asked me to make adjustments. I felt like you were hiding something. So this was the best cause of action." 
 Hearing this News Quinn felt like he had no right to be upset with Logan. He really was hiding things form him and even now Quinn still hadn't told him a few things, "It's okay, Logan are we still friends?" Quinn asked. 
 "We're friends?" Logan replied with an odd look on his face. 
 "Of course, Friends help each other out, and you've helped me more than ever." Quinn explained. 
 "Well, if that's the case this seems to be a one way friendship since you haven't helped out with anything at all yet." Logan replied. 
 Although Logan sounded rude, he wasn't. Logan had always been honest like this, and didn't really know about human feelings. 
 As the three were leaving the room Quinn stopped by the door and pointed at the briefcase he had looked at before with Logan. "You're right." Quinn said. "I really haven't helped you when you helped me so much. You know that briefcase from before, well my system says it was made by Richard Eno." 
 With that piece of information Logan's thoughts were confirmed, he knew it. 
 "You are my friend Quinn!" Logan shouted as the door shut. 
 The biggest worry looming over their heads had finally disappeared but that didn't mean they were completely in the clear. While Vorden and Peter had decided to go back to tier rooms, Quinn decided he would go pay the girls a visit and update them on the situation. 
 They knew what they were planning to do today, although Lyla was happy to help, Erin didn't want to be anywhere near Fex, and Vorden strongly agreed to this as well. So Layla and Erin had agreed to stay out of it for the most part and allowed the others to help Peter out. 
 Boys weren't allowed in girls dorm rooms, and although they usually weren't very strict on this rule, it was currently night time and it would be curfew time so Quinn was more worried if anyone were to see him. After a knock on the door he spoke through the door to confirm it was him and the three of them then went for a walk down the hallway while Quinn explained everything that happened. 
 "So he won't have to eat humans anymore, and there is no need to get involved with that Fex kid again? Good." Erin said. 
 After hearing everything that happened it seemed like they were able to solve Peter's problem with ease and thanks to the dark market place if another ghoul was created they would be able to solve the problem a lot easier. 
 'Should I experiment with myself first before telling the others?' Layla thought. 'Just maybe…if I get strong enough, I can break free.' 
 Still, after Quinn had told them everything, Layla could tell that something else was on his mind. 
 "What's wrong is there another problem?" she asked. 
 Quinn then proceeded to tell them the situation with Duke, how they desperately wanted Peter to learn the level four earth ability by the end of the week. The major problem was Peter didn't have an earth ability and he was too involved to cut ties. 
 "Wait, did you say the end of this week, this Sunday?" Layla asked. 
 "Yeah that's what Peter told us." Quinn replied. 
 Layla was visibly shaken after she heard this news, but she forced her facial expression to remain neutral. The message she had received from one of the Pure agents, was Truedream would be coming at the end of the week. On the same day they wanted Peter to learn the ability by. 
 If the others found out Truedream was coming over, they wouldn't find it a big deal. For he had close ties to the military and would often visit the military basis. But Layla knew the truth. 
 One of Pure group's biggest targets was Truedream, he was the whole reason why the military was able to keep such a strong grip on everyone. The reason why he was coming of course, was to take students abilities form them to add them to his own men. 
 And Peter had been selected as one of the Targets. 
 After finishing there talk the group decided to leave each other and head for their rooms for the night. When Quinn opened the door, he was surprised to see Vorden rushing over to him. 
 "Quinn, thank heavens your back!" Vorden said. "Peter he's become a weirdo, he just standing above his head and won't listen to anything I say. I was trying to relax, listen to some music but I can't with him just standing there staring. What the hell happened to him?" 
 Quinn started to laugh nervously, it looked like Peter had changed more then he thought. "Peter you can rest, why don't you lie on the bed." 
 Peter di as asked but when lying on the bed they noticed he didn't close his eyes. 
 "System what's up with him? " Quinn asked. 
 "Don't worry he just recently changed, you have to think of him as a new-born person, he will soon start to do things on his own more often but now that he is an undead, he will no longer Requires any sleep." The system replied. 
 Seeing this made Quinn a little upset, the old fragile scared Peter had completely disappeared and was no longer there. Even though Quinn had saved him, had he really it seemed like Peter was now an entirely different person and he didn't even know who he was looking at anymore. 
 *** 
 Inside the girls room, Layla herself was having trouble sleeping, there was three days before Truedream would arrive on campus. Which meant she had three days to try figure out a way how to tell the others what was going to happen to Peter, without reviling who she really was. 
 *** 
 Want another release? Then remember to vote with your power stones below. Stone goals in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS artwork: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 187 Feeling Useless 
 The morning sun had finally risen, a few people around the school had struggled to sleep through the night, and Layla was one of them. Throughout the whole night she had been pondering how to inform the others. She had already made up her mind that she needed to warn them, but couldn't figure out how. 
 She didn't want to imagine what would happen when Truedream found out that Peter had no ability that could be taken. She was aware of his intentions, from what the boys and Pure had told her, Layla had accurately deduced the specifics of Duke's plan. 
 Every term, Truedream would visit a different military base. However, it turned out that he visited a particular one more often than the others, and that was military base two. This was the reason why Layla had been sent to this place. 
 Something strange was going on with military base two, they hadn't been able to figure out what yet, because so far every agent they sent had disappeared. Thus, they decided to do things differently this time, so instead of sending a grownup, they decided to send an agent, who was at the age of the draft, in as a student. 
 The reason for Truedream's visit was to acquire different abilities from students. Every time that Truedream used his ability, it would also increase his ability level along with it. His skill bypassed almost all the information that they had about mutant cells. 
 After taking someone's ability away, he could then implant the ability into a new person. Their body would automatically get the same ability level as the one that was taken. Nevertheless, they would still need to take the time to get familiar with the ability and learn all the skills. 
 This was why they were offering Peter a lot of ability books, and it also explained why they were hurrying him to get his ability to level four. There were always certain criteria when it came to choosing which students to use for this. The first and most important criterion was, they should never hail from an original family. 
 Although Truedream's family was one of the big four, usually other originals were also part of the big four, or under the banner of one. So this criterion was added to avoid a war between the big four. 
 They needed students who wouldn't stand out, so that people wouldn't really notice, or care if they were to go missing. As such another one of the criterion was, the student had to come from a poor family, ones with no backing or support. 
 Quinn was still safe because the school believed that at present he had no ability, but both Layla and Peter's abilities were documented, and both of them fulfilled the criteria. It was different for them, there was a possibility that along with Peter, Layla was also a target. 
 Layla had entered the school using false documents, her family wasn't prominent, but she didn't mind if she was to lose her ability. She had only obtained it for the mission in the first place. The only thing that she didn't want was to end up like Peter, and be the military's lap dog. She needed an outside position, where she could observe everything that was happening without getting involved. 
 With all things said, she didn't have to warn them about what could happen, but Layla wanted to. The question left was, how should she go about explaining what she had discovered? 
 **** 
 The morning combat classes had started and Layla had wanted to team up with Quinn, hoping she would be able to get a hint on what they were planning with Peter. 
 Unfortunately, before she could even reach Quinn, he had already gone off to Fex. Although the two of them didn't talk much, she could see that Quinn was enjoying himself while practising with Fex. Perhaps, it was because they were both the same race or had something else in common. 
 She could tell a real friendship was beginning to develop. 'I hope I will have something like that, it all seems so real instead of this fakeness.' Layla thought as she looked at her own disposition. 
 "What are you daydreaming about?!" Erin shouted. "I can't believe we have to continue practising these stupid leg techniques. This is the beast weapons class, not the martial arts class. And Leo said he wouldn't move on until he was satisfied with the performance of every single one of us," She complained, with a slight look of frustration on her face. 
 The two girls continued to train together using the leg techniques, but a slip in Layla's concentration caused her to drop her guard. She wasn't able to lift her knee in time, like how she usually would during practice, and instead, Layla took a full blown kick from Erin, to her side. 
 "Ouch!" Layla said, as she dropped on the floor while gripping her side. 
 "What's wrong? We have practised that kick so many times, I was sure you would be able to block something like that?" Erin said as she walked over, and offered her hand to her fallen comrade. 
 Layla lifted her hand to grab Erin's, but the pain on her side hurt even more. Furthermore, she noticed a stinging pain arise every time she breathed. "What the hell? I knew your sword skills were monstrous, but where did you get such strength in your kicks? I think you broke one of my ribs." 
 "Would you stop complaining?" Erin said as she knelt down, and placed her hand on her friend's side. She then activated her ice ability, ever so slightly, causing the muscles around that area to become numb from the cold, and also taking the pain away. 
 "Can someone call the guard and take her to the doctor's office?" Leo said. 
 Erin then lifted Layla up from the ground, allowing her to use her shoulder for support. "Don't worry, I will take her. Besides, she needs to walk a little bit on her own. It will only make her stronger," Erin said. 
 The two girls then started to leave the room together. As they were walking, Layla couldn't help but feel useless and pathetic. Other than a blood bank for Quinn, what use did Layla really have? She hadn't even been helpful in the fight with the Dalki. If it wasn't for Erin, the two of them would have been dead back then. 
 And Vorden, although a bit messed up in the head, was very powerful. The only one who was even more worthless than her was Peter, and that wasn't much of an achievement. 
 "Would you please stop crying? I didn't mean to hit you that hard. You usually block something like that," Erin said, in an attempt to comfort Layla. 
 Layla didn't even notice, since her thoughts were so muddled that tears were now slowly descending from her eyes. She wiped them away, and simply put on a brave smile. 
 "Oh, it's not that. I was just thinking about how useless I am to the team whenever we're in a fight," Layla said. 
 "Well, you're not wrong about that," Erin replied, not realising how harsh she sounded. 
 Although Erin was right, it still hurt Layla to hear it straight from her mouth. 
 "But you help in other ways. You were the one who thought about that blood bowl, remember? I can't say much, but honestly, if you weren't there to hold me back sometimes, I would have already shoved a few spikes up the boy's backsides." 
 Layla laughed. "Erin, this is kind of a strange question to ask but, are we friends?" 
 "Well, I don't carry everyone I hurt, out of the room." 
 Although Erin didn't say it, Layla knew her well enough to know what she was like by now. 
 Back at the training hall, the lesson had just finished for the day. Quinn had managed to work up quite a sweat all the while going up against Fex. Truth to be told, Fex was the only person in the room who he could go against while merely using a fraction of his power, outside of Leo of course. 
 When practising with Layla and Erin, he would always have to hold back his power slightly, but with Fex, it was different. 
 Now that the lesson was over for the day, students were free to do what they wanted. That's the moment when Quinn noticed Fex, who was looking around the room oddly, and was kicking the floor about, until he eventually started to speak up. 
 "Hey, uh… I know this is kind of strange to ask after everything that happened between us, but what are you planning to do after this?" Fex asked. 
 Lately, whenever Fex would try to approach people, they would turn away as soon as they saw his watch. It was a strange reaction, but he had finally understood the matter when he saw the mistreatment going on around the school. 
 This caused him to be quite an outcast, yet that wasn't the only problem. He was also incredibly bored. With no one to really talk to, and nothing to explore, he started to look forward to the training sessions with Quinn. 
 "Me, umm, I was actually planning to go to the VR gaming room?" Quinn replied. 
 "VR gaming room, what's that?" Fex asked, with a little bit of excitement in his eyes. 
 "I can show you if you want. You want to come along?" 
 "Well, I mean, if you really want me to come that bad, sure," Fex replied, his anticipation clearly showing through his faux shy demeanour. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your power stones. 
 Stone goals are in the author's note below. 

 
	 Chapter 188 The Starter Ring 
 The two boys had finished their combat classes for the day and decided that they would head to the VR room together. Fex was standing casually outside in the sun and Quinn could see it didn't affect him at all. 
 While Quinn had to prepare his trusty umbrella and prop it up before stepping into the sun. It was a strange action but not too strange that it gathered the attention of others. Earth had gotten hotter over the years and there were quite a few people who wished to protect their skin with the use of UV umbrellas and on a hot day like today, no one would bat an eye at what Quinn was doing. 
 Seeing this Fex looked at Quinn oddly, he had only seen a Vampire use such things in really old books, he couldn't help but giggle at the thought that Quinn looked like an old man. 
 "What are you doing with that old thing?" Fex asked. "Do you not have a Ring." He lifted his hand showing the small ring, Quinn was now close enough to see that it really did look like the one in his shop. After using his inspect skill it confirmed the fact that it was the very same ring. 
 Quinn didn't know how to reply to Fex, the system had informed him that one of these rings were the basics of vampires and it seemed like if he was to come up with something it would reveal him even sooner. 
 But while Quinn was trying to come up with a lie, Fex was the one who once again came up with his own explanation. 
 "Oh I see now..." Fex said. "You really are one of those Vampires raised here on earth aren't you? Trained to blend in and report back. I guess that's why you didn't go through the formal initiation and don't have one of these." 
 When Fex said those words something had caught his attention. The fact that Fex said one of the Vampires on earth. Did this mean other Vampires came from another planet? Were Vampires a type of alien too? 
 "System do you have an answer for this?" Quinn asked. 
 "I'm afraid I'm just as confused as you are, as far as I know, Vampires have always existed on earth alongside the humans. Although, I'm afraid I don't know how much time has passed since your family has had the book, so a lot could have changed by then." The system replied. 
 Looking at Fex, it seemed he was showing off his ring quite proudly and that's when Quinn remembered the requirements to get the ring. It was to kill 10 Deathbats, an advanced type creature. This brought back memories for Quinn on how hard it was for him to defeat an intermediate creature. He couldn't imagine how hard an advanced tier creature was and the many more classes above them. 
 "Was the initiation hard?" Quinn asked. 
 Fex started to laugh nervously at this question. "Was it hard, of course it was hard! Yet I was one of the youngest vampires to ever complete it." As he said this he lifted his chest up a bit to make himself feel a little bigger. 
 The Vampire continued, "You see the initiation is getting the materials for the ring itself. A young vampire must go out and slay ten Deathbats. Once you earn this ring you are no longer required to go through regular school training with all the rest, but it seems I just jumped from one training pool into another." Fex finished, a little depressed. 
 Although Quinn didn't know why he could tell Fex was slightly nervous when answering the question. It helped that he was the type that were easy to read what they were feeling because they didn't hide the emotions on their face at all. 
 However, this conversation reminded Quinn about how he had to be cautious around Fex. Although the two of them seemed to be on friendly terms, he still couldn't trust him and didn't know what his goal here at the school was. 
 The fact that he managed to kill ten advanced tier beast was a big reminder in the difference between the two of their strengths. 
 As they continued to walk to the VR centre Fex looked at his ring and felt a little guilty. He had lied to Quinn just now. He hadn't earned the ring like he said he did. Fex was hoping to become one of the youngest vampires to ever complete the initiation. 
 He had gone out and travelled and fought against the death bat, but after a gruesome fight and near death experience with one, Fex only just managed to come out on top. He thought with him being the top of his class he was ready, but it seemed like it wasn't the case. 
 He was embarrassed though, for before he had left his school classes he had told everyone how easy it would be for him to achieve such a task. If they were to find out he only managed to defeat one before giving up he would become a laughing stock. 
 So, in turn, he decided to go on to the marketplace and hire some Travellers to hunt the beasts for him, with this he managed together most of the crystals needed to make the Ring, but his last traveller that accepted the contract never replied. 
 In the end, it was all thanks to the Blood evolve who placed the crystal on the market place that he was able to craft the ring. 
 They had finally arrived at the VR room and it was a sight that Fex had never seen before, although he wasn't amazed because it just looked like a room full of sleeping capsules. Judging by his reaction, Quinn could tell Fex had no idea what these were. 
 "Don't worry, I was confused when I came here for the first time as well. Just follow me and I'll let you know about the basics." Quinn said. 
 They went to the counter and Quinn paid for both him and Fex to play in the capsules for a few hours. Quinn still had plenty of money left from the crystals he had sold earlier. On top of that he also still had nine crystals that hadn't been used to create the suit that he could also sell from the last outing. 
 "Hey I have my own money you know, you didn't have to pay for me?" Fex said, displaying his golden card. 
 "Don't worry," Quinn said gritting his teeth not realizing his mistakes. If he knew Fex had money he wouldn't have paid for him, he wasn't some charity and right now he wanted to save up every credit he had. It was only with the goal of finding out more about Vampires that Quinn was being so nice to him. 
 He didn't think Vampires would have much money, after all, how would they obtain such a thing when they were hiding all the time. Instead, it seemed like Fex was some spoiled rich kid if he was waving the gold card around like that. 
 Unlike Vorden who also had a gold card but didn't have much money in it to begin with. 
 Quinn proceeded to show, how to operate the machine and such before getting in. he then took note of his capsule number so it was easier for him to add him to his friend's list. 
 They both got into the pods and logged into the game. Fex whole mind was then transported to the large empty white lobby space. "Wow, what is this?" Fex said. "Was I teleported somewhere.No it can't be it feels a little strange, from what Quinn said, only my mind is being used to control this. Wow, this is amazing I wonder why the other Vampires don't use this?" 
 Just as Fex was in deep thought thinking about it he had received a friend request. 
 [User ID Blood evolver would like to add you.] 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 189 Returning the favour 
 Fex carefully looked at each letter of the word in front of him one by one. He needed to make sure what he was seeing was real. 
 "Blood evolver, no it can't be?" Fex thought. 
 While looking at the name he realised that is was the same user ID that was also used in the market place when he had bought the beast crystal. However, it was quite common for people to use the same user Id's when logging into different websites and games. 
 And what were the chances of someone else having the same user ID and also being a vampire? Fex had found it strange in the first place that someone had been selling the crystal. The planet where the Deathbats were populated on wasn't a place where Travellers would go to often. 
 It was one of the reasons why the Vampires had decided to use it as their training ground. On top of the fact that their crystals could be used to create the ring. 
 When Fex first saw the crystal, he thought maybe someone had killed a Bat along the way and didn't know what to do with it, and chose to sell it after finding out it could only be used to create a silly ring. After all, it had no effect on humans. Not even a little buff in strength. 
 But now thinking about it more, all sorts of questions started running through his head. If Quinn really was the same person, what was he doing on that planet and how did he get a death Bat crystal? Fex knew his strength, and he wasn't strong enough to beat one. 
 And even if he was, why wouldn't he keep the crystal for himself and make a ring of his own instead of sing that silly umbrella? As of now, nothing was making sense in his head and thinking about it was starting to make it hurt. 
 He accepted the friend request, and immediately Quinn was transported to the same white space that Fex was in as well. 
 "Foxy Fex?" Quinn said, looking at his user name. 
 "What, you don't like it?" Fex said. "Better than Blood evolver, what are you trying to do, tell everyone out there you're a vampire?" 
 Quinn laughed nervously back. "I thought it would be vague enough, plus who else but other vampires would think that," Quinn replied 
 This was the confirmation Fex needed. No other vampire out there would be silly enough to have a name such as Blood evolver. The name was a little bit childish and Quinn kind of fit that image. A naive young Vampire. Although Fex couldn't talk much himself. Though this only added to the mystery of Quinn for Fex. 
 Still, it didn't change the fact that thanks to Quinn selling the crystal Fex was finally able to leave his home and enjoy the outside world. So far his experiences hadn't been great, but it was different, and he was slowly learning to enjoy it. 
 It wasn't the same boring old routine he would practice in and out, and Fex wanted to thank Quinn for that in some way. 
 While standing there and thinking about everything. Fex could see Quinn using his blood skills in the game. Not only that, but he was able to use them constantly without getting tired. 
 "What is that!" Fex asked. 
 "This?" Quinn replied. 
 Quinn then explained how while in the lobby of the game, they were able to practice using their vampire skills without tiring out. But once they were in the game, then their normal body limits would be put on them as usual. 
 Quinn didn't talk about the HP reducing not working while in the game but since the system said only his vampire skills was linked to a system like a thing he thought it would be hard to explain. 
 After trying out a few skills here and there, Fex had a big grin on his face. He then started performing his martial arts while mixing in the blood skills here in there. The main skills he used were blood swipe and blood spray. But once in a while, he would use skills that Quinn had never seen before, such as the blood wall and a few others. 
 Still, what had impressed Quinn the most while watching him practice was the martial arts he was using with his fists. They were fast and compact, and he could tell it defiantly increased the efficiency of something like blood spray. 
 When Fex had stopped, he walked over to Quinn with a hop in his step. "Hey man, this is great! I wonder why the vampires don't have a bunch of these in their buildings. It could really help the kids train. Although, I guess if they get too used to the game, then it wouldn't help them out that much in a real battle but still this is great!" 
 While Fex was yammering away, he noticed that Quinn was staring at the blank empty space where Fex was standing. He started waving his hand in front of Quinn to see if he was still there. 
 "Hello?" Fex said, still waving his hand. 
 "Oh, sorry," Quinn replied. "I was just looking at your martial arts." 
 "Oh yeah, that's right, you didn't learn any did you since you grew up here and everything." Fex then started to think if there was something he could do. Then something popped in his head an idea. "You know I can teach you the martial arts if you want?" 
 Fex thought this was a great idea. He wanted to repay Quinn for getting him the beats crystal he needed, and this could be his way of returning the favour secretly. 
 "Really, would that be okay?" Quinn asked. 
 "Why not, you're a vampire, so you have the right to learn it." 
 Fex then got into a fighting stance and tried to show all the motions to his attacks while explaining. "So for the first step you want to look like this, then you're going to feel a bruhhh energy rise up. Next with your hands, you need to go Pow pow pow." Fex said as he made every move. "Did you get all that?" 
 "Um, kinda?" Quinn started copying what Fex had done, but it didn't seem to be working out at all and even Fex realised this. 
 "I'm sorry, I guess I'm not really the teacher type. I'm not that good at explaining things." 
 "It's okay," Quinn replied, but Fex could tell Quinn was a little down when saying this. 
 Then a lightning bolt idea had hit him. "Hey, there is something I can do. Although I can't show you or teach you through words, I could move your body." 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn asked. 
 "Do you remember what I did to your friend on the roof? Well if you let me do the same to you, then I can show you how to use the martial arts. My string puppet is unique, so when you perform it, it will feel like I'm actually performing the skills through your body." Fex explained. "Not only that, but it should allow you to memorize everything through your own body. In a way, this will be a short cut, and you will learn it far quicker." 
 What Fex was offering wasn't a bad proposal, the problem was whether or not Quinn could trust him with his body. 
 **** 
 The mass release has been moved to tomorrow due to personal problems. Sorry. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote below. Stone goals in the author's note below. 

 
	 Chapter 190 Testing something new 
 "You're worried, aren't you?" Fex said. 
 Judging by how long Quinn had remained silent, Fex could tell that he was deep in thought, deciding whether or not to trust him. And, Fex really couldn't blame him; if he was in Quinn's situation he would have done the same. 
 "Is there a risk to this?" Quinn asked the system. 
 After losing to Fex in battle so easily, and seeing him go toe to toe with Leo. He felt like learning the military martial art and the vampires would put him at a big advantage. 
 "I think you should go for it," The system replied. "In terms of other vampires, you're a bit weak and on the wimpy side. I think this would be major progress for you." 
 "I know that!" Quinn snapped back a little annoyed at the system's words. He knew he was weak but, the system didn't have to remind him every time. 
 "I'm talking about him taking control of me; what happens if it becomes permanent?" 
 "It won't be, vampires can't have other vampires as their puppets permanently. It was why he was so interested in your friend. If you want to remove the strings, you can forcibly cut it. Though it may take some time depending on your strength and it causes extreme pain." 
 "So there is the possibility he could use me to hurt those around me, even for a short period if he wanted to?" 
 That was when Quinn came up with an idea of his own. While in the normal gaming pods, both his and Fex's ability wasn't selectable. That was because these abilities seemed to be unique to vampires. However, it was different when using Logan's pod. 
 With his pod, he was able to program and record abilities, and perhaps find a way so the two of them could link up and use their abilities together. 
 Inside the game, there was no threat, no danger. 
 "Let me think about it for now," Quinn replied. "Why don't I show you how to play first?" 
 Quinn then showed the basics of how to use the game's interface. He also explained the matchmaking system and the process to select an ability. 
 Fex was pretty upset when he found out he wasn't able to use his strings-ability in-game but, his mood quickly changed when he realised he was able to customise his in-game avatar according to his preferences. 
 Fex designed his character in full-black clothing. He looked like an ancient ninja with a face mask and hood, only allowing his eyes to be seen. 
 He spent more time customizing his character then he did anything else, and he had already used his money card to buy a few extra items of closing to get the full set. 
 When comparing the Avatar's Quinn's now looked incredibly plain. Since he was only able to use the free items that were available to everyone. He could spend the money he had, but he still remembered how he was struggling even getting ten credits not too long ago. 
 Finally, it was time for them to search for opponents. While doing so, Quinn went for the 'Quick Selection' option since he no longer gained Exp from low levels. The opponent would at least need to be at the level three mark for him to gain any Exp. 
 A match had been confirmed and Fex was transported to the seating area in the arena. He could see Quinn standing on one end while his opponent stood on the other. His opponent was skinny, tall, and seemed to resemble a tree. 
 What surprised him though was the fact that when he was sat in the seating area, he wasn't the only one watching Quinn's fight. 
 "Hey, you're new," Nate said, looking at Fex. 
 "What is all this?" Fex asked, looking confused. "Is everyone here to see the two of them fight? His opponent must be pretty special." 
 He looked at the stand, noticing the crowd that had formed. There were fifty people in total, all dressed up in different avatars. Judging by what Quinn had said about the game, this was optional. Meaning, all the people that had appeared had chosen to do so of their own volition. 
 "Of course, it seems like Blood Evolver has gained quite a following," Nate replied. 
 Since the last fight between Quinn and the level four user, people had become fans of him. They added him to his watch list; so, they would be notified whenever the Blood Evolver was online. 
 Originally, most of them were watching Quinn's matches for different reasons. He was known as a hacker, someone who was able to use abilities not programmed into the game. No one knew how he was able to do this. 
 But, after witnessing his stellar performance from the previous match, they had quickly forgotten about everything else and solely wanted to watch all of the Blood Evolvers upcoming fights. 
 Nate had watched all the fights of Quinn so far; so, he recognised the regulars and the irregulars, which why he was able to spot Fex right away. 
 "So, are you implying that all these people are here to see the Blood Evolver?" Fex asked. "What makes him so special?" 
 Nate thought about that for a while, looking deep in thought. After some time had passed, he finally came up with an answer. 
 "At first, it was his skills that interested me, much like everyone else here. But, after that, I noticed something; every time he came back to play the game, he would have grown in strength by leaps and bounds. And for some reason, watching someone grow from a small little fish, into a fierce dragon is exciting for me!" Nate explained, glancing at the match. "Now let's see how much you've grown this time." 
 The countdown for the match had begun and it was time for the two of them to fight. 
 Immediately, the tree-like student placed both of his hands on the ground. As he did, multiple thick tree roots started to form across the floor and spiralled their way towards Ray. 
 The first thing he did was perform a blood swipe at the roots, hoping to cut them down. 
 As the attack reached the roots, it caused the first set to break but it would keep coming forward. 
 [Wind walk activated] 
 With his tier two boots, he was able to outmanoeuvre the roots. Although there were many roots, and his blood swipes couldn't deal with all of them, he was able to outrun them with his speed. 
 He circled around the attack and came to the student's side, preparing himself to try something he had been itching to try out since he had joined the game. 
 The wood user seeing this immediately shot out a large trunk from the palm of his hand that came out straight and fast. 
 "Flash step!" Performing the flash step, he avoided the attack and was now even closer to his opponent. 
 "Trees, protect me!" The wood user shouted and suddenly the user was surrounded by all sides with thick tree trunks. It was as if a forest had suddenly sprouted in the middle of the battlefield. 
 'This is perfect!' Quinn thought. Right now he wanted to test out the idea he had, and the student had decided to become a still target. It was perfect for practice. 
 Stopping in his tracks, he firmly planted both feet on the floor; then, from his toes, moving up to his hip, he swung out his leg like a whip. While doing all these actions, he started to think back to the feeling of performing blood swipe in his hands, the rush of energy that flowed through his body as they left his fingers. 
 While practising his kicks in the weapons hall, he had pictured this movement several times; and, right now was the first time he was actually combining the two together. The energy flowed from inside his body and was then released from his legs. 
 A single large line of red energy left with it, shaped like the crescent moon. It was far larger than that of his regular blood swipe. 
 As it hit the first set of tree trucks, it managed to slice through them with ease. The tree user ducked down in time, avoiding the attack from cutting his head off. 
 But Quinn wasn't done yet; he hopped and changed his stance slightly, performing the same kick with his other leg, cutting the trees down from the other side. Both sides of the tree trunks shook due to the slightly angled cut and fell to the floor. 
 The wood user was now panicking but, before he could even act, Quinn was already above him, performing the final axe kick, followed by a blood swipe. 
 [Level 4 opponent has been defeated] 
 [10 exp gained] 
 [80/100 experience points] 
 [Congratulations, a new skill has been created: Blood Crescent kick] 
 "It seems like you have gotten stronger once again," Nate said. 
 **** 
 Mass release today at 00:00 GMT = + 8 or china time. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. Goals in the author's note. 
 Follow on Instagram for artwork: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 191 Unique skill 
 It had been a while since Quinn had last fought, and that was against Fex. Before that, it was against the one scale Dalki. During both of these fights, he realised that he needed to get stronger. 
 He knew he still had a long way to go, but with everything that was happening, he wasn't sure if he had gotten any stronger. He needed this fight to gauge just how much he had improved. 
 Since the last time he played the game, he had gained a few extra stats, buffing up his body and his abilities. Even though he couldn't use his shadow skills in the game, he liked that it would force him to be creative in using his blood skills while fighting. All these things combined was what led him to coming up with the new skill in today's match. 
 [New skill: Blood Crescent Kick] 
 "A new skill but how?" Quinn thought. It was the first time a skill had popped up without him having levelled up. He also didn't increase any stats to get the skill either. 
 "Impressive!" The system said, "It seems like you managed to create a unique skill. This is a skill that you made all on your own, one that was not part of the system originally." 
 By combining the martial art skills Leo had taught him with the Blood Swipe skill he had learned from the system, he had created a unique skill only he could use. 
 [Blood Crescent Kick: When using the skill while performing different types of kicks. A red line of blood aura in the shape of a crescent will be made. The attack carries a distance of ten meters but the aura will get smaller and weaker the further it travels. Cost: minus 2 HP for every kick] 
 Compared to the Blood Swipe skill the two attacks were quite different. Blood Swipe released from Quinn's finger tips, forming a claw like shape, and five small lines of red aura. He could also use Blood Swipe with both of his hands and bring the lines closer together to form a single stronger red line. However, this didn't seem to be as effective as two single Blood Swipes. 
 The good thing about blood Swipe was that because it had five separate lines, it covered a wider range, making it harder for a person to dodge, and they were more likely to use a block skill. 
 While the Blood Crescent Kick was a single large line of red aura. It was sharper, faster, and also had longer range, but didn't have the same wide area of attack. There was also the fact that it cost 2 HP to use the kick instead of just 1 HP for a Blood Swipe. 
 This didn't look like a lot at first, but Quinn knew that in a prolonged fight, like he had against the Dalki, it would soon add up fast. It was one of the main problems with combining Blood spray into his punches. 
 Fex having witnessed the whole thing was quite amazed. 'Did he come up with that skill himself? When did he have the time to learn it? I saw him learn the leg kicks at the same time as me, and how does he know how to use advanced skills like the flash step? Yet he doesn't even know the basic hand to hand combat of the vampires.' 
 As he was deep in thought, he heard a laugh by his side. "It looks like another one has been converted into a fan," Nate said, "You wouldn't believe it, but every time he fights he shows me something new, this kid is growing stronger fast." 
 "Every time?" Fex replied, "Are you sure he didn't just use these skills before?" 
 "I'm positive," Nate replied. "The first time we fought I beat him, I beat him in such a way that made sure he showed me everything he had. But then I watched him fight against someone else, and he showed me a new skill, if he had used that in our fight, I don't know how it would have... Looking at him now he's like an entirely different person from back then." 
 If what Nate was saying was true, Quinn was getting stronger at an incredibly fast pace. One that hadn't been seen throughout the history of the vampires. 'Perhaps he is related to them, hmm… But I thought they all died out, if it's true, it would make sense why he has the shadow ability. Did they just move to earth instead?' 
 Quinn then sent a message to Fex, saying he was free to play a few games of his own if he wanted to. Right now Quinn wanted to practise this move. 
 Fex replied back, saying it was okay, and he would wait as he wished to watch Quinn fight a couple more times. 
 Quinn went into his next match making game again, and with it, the crowd had followed. At first, he found it strange, seeing the people watching him. Since he had never played the game before, he was wondering if it was normal for so many people to be spectating one person. 
 Did they randomly stumble upon his match, or were they there because he had been on a winning streak for a while now, hoping he would eventually lose. 
 However, Quin didn't have time to worry about them, and really needed to worry about himself. The next game he was placed with a level two. Knowing he would get no experience in this match he tried to finish it as quickly as possible. 
 Activating the wind walk skill in his boots to get in close. Then using Flash Step, and performing the regular Hammer Strike from behind. Hammer Strike and Blood Hammer where still by far his two strongest attacks. 
 For Fex though, it was the first time he had witnessed Quinn using them. He never used it against him in their fight, possible because Fex was too fast, because Hammer Strike took a brief moment to charge up. Against these weak people it was fine, but against someone as fast as Fex it would allow them to get in a free hit. 
 'So he does know the vampire martial arts?!' Fex thought, "Arghh!" He screamed, as he felt like pulling out his hair. "You know what, I'm going to have to just stop guessing and find out myself." 
 Two more matches where made and this time they were with another Level three user and a Level four user. These matches were closer and took more time but they weren't as strong as they could have been. 
 Rarely did Quinn get matched up with second years who seemed to have higher tier beast equipment. Quinn could only assume that the system had designed it this way on purpose or just not many second years were playing the game. If there was one person who would know, it would be Logan, he made a mental note to ask him later. 
 After winning the two matches he had gained twenty more experience points and had decided to take a break. 
 [100/400 EXP] 
 Just as he was leaving the game, he had received a single message from Nate. "I'll see you soon, and make sure you join the fighting event." Quinn had remembered Nate quite clearly. It was another loss that had stuck in his mind. 
 And judging by this message, Quinn knew exactly what he was talking about. The upcoming military base event. Soon all the bases would meet up to compete in special events, each trying to show that they were able to raise the best and strongest students. 
 Quinn was excited for once, perhaps with this event, he would finally be able to show his strength. 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones down below. Stone goals in the author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 192 A new teacher! 
 Inside the VR gaming room, one of the Pod doors was abruptly opened and out stepped a fairly domineering man with a burly build. His neck was nearly as wide as his square-shaped head, and for some reason, he also decided to frame his hair in a way that was similar to how his head was sculpted. 
 However, after leaving the gaming Pod, having had enough for the day, he was eager to get ready and start practising for the upcoming event. 
 "A month left huh. I just wonder how much stronger you can get in that meantime?" Nate said with a smile on his face. 
 A few seconds later, a hissing sound was heard from the pod next to his. As the pressure was slowly released from the sealed door, it started to lift up and Nate saw a friendly face peeking in between the aperture. 
 "Hey, that guy really keeps getting better in every attempt, doesn't he?" Sam said. "I don't even know if I could beat him in a real battle the way he is now." 
 "You shouldn't talk down to yourself like that," Nate replied. "Remember, he's only a first-year and there are two major differences between the first years and the second years. One, is our equipment." Nate said, pointing to the cape that was on Sam's back. 
 "And the second one is our soul weapons. I don't know many first-years who have been able to produce a soul weapon, and it's only something that they teach you in your second year." 
 The two of them started to walk back to their dorm rooms. It was already evening and getting late, so it was nearly time for them to go to bed. Nevertheless, they were both excited about what they had just witnessed. 
 "Wait, if he's a first-year, do you really think they will let him fight in the tournament?" Sam asked. 
 "You saw his skills, right? At the rate that he is improving, even in a month's time, with or without a soul weapon, he should be able to match us. And that is a scary thought to have, but it makes my heart beat wildly at night." 
 "You're one strange dude," Sam said, looking at the creepy smile on the face of his companion. "Well, you're right about that. With the reputation he already has in the game, I won't be surprised if he's treated like a king at his school." Sam replied. 
 However, both of them were unaware of how truly wrong they were, for the school still did not know of Quinn's true strength, since he was still treated like level one trash. 
 The two of them soon went to sleep, ending their eventful day. When the morning sun had risen, they began to do their normal routine. After eating breakfast, it was time for them to head to their homeroom class. As they entered the room, they felt the strange atmosphere that was hovering in the air. 
 For one, the homeroom teacher hadn't arrived yet, and usually, the homeroom teacher would be there to welcome their arrival. The second thing that stood out was that the number of students that were gossiping away increased, and it seemed like the boys were far more excited about the topic of interest than the girls. 
 As he sat on his seat, with Sam next to him, he turned towards his companion. 
 "What's going on?" Nate asked. 
 "How the hell am I supposed to know? I and you came into the room at the same time. I've been with you since yesterday, you big ox." Sam replied. 
 As they both listened carefully to the students who were engaged in their own conversations, they managed to catch a few words. They eventually found out what all the commotion was about. 
 "Hey, did you see her?" 
 "What? That new teacher? Yeah, she's so beautiful." 
 "I wonder how strong she is. Aren't all military tutor men quite strong?" 
 "Most, but not all of them. She might just have a unique ability or was very knowledgeable in a club subject." 
 "Well, whatever class she's going to teach, I'm gonna sign up for each and every one of them." 
 It was clear from their dialogues that a new teacher was coming to school, and not just any teacher, but a true beauty at that. 
 After hearing this news, Nate started to straighten his clothes and made sure that his hair was neatly tucked and sat up straight. 
 "What the hell are you doing?" Sam said. "Do you really think you're going to get on with a teacher? You haven't even managed to get together with any of the twenty girls you've confessed to since coming here. It will never happen with that big block head of yours." 
 The vein on the side of Nate's head was now bulging and his eyebrows were twitching. He proceeded to slowly turn his head, inch by inch, while holding in his anger. 
 "Hey, Sam, when was the last time that you and I had a sparring match? It's been a while, hasn't it? And I'm not talking about the game. I think it's better for both of us if we do it in person - It's going to be much more realistic, and you can feel every. bit. of. pain." Nate replied, making sure to say the last words carefully to hammer them in Sam's head. 
 All of a sudden, the sound of the classroom door sliding was heard. In an instant, as the presence entered the room, the surroundings assumed a silence that would enable them to truly appreciate what was coming into the room. 
 Her skin was as white as the pure specks of snow. Although her features looked soft, no expression was plastered on her countenance. Still, the thing that stood out the most about her was her silver hair. She was wearing the black standard military uniform that they all had to wear. Sporting a hair, coloured with the brilliance of silver jewellery and tied up with a single ponytail, with a length that managed to reach down to her waist, the professor sauntered to the centre of the room. 
 "Hello, students, My name is Silver and I will be your new homeroom teacher form now on." As she spoke, the expression on her face remained stiff and didn't seem to change one bit. Yet, the boys seemed to only find this feature of her even more attractive. 
 "An angel!" Nate said. "A true angel has descended among us mortals!" 
 "Oh no!" Sam said while shaking his head. "What the hell happened to the boys these days?" 
 Silver started to scan the entirety of the gathering, looking at the students one by one, but it merely reminded her that she might have to stay in the school for a while. 
 'As the files said, it appears that Fex isn't really here.' 
 Silver had been tasked with the mission of finding and bringing Fex back to his family. However, with their family connections, the most they could do was get her a position as a teacher in one of the military bases. 
 All she could do was rely on luck to see if she would be put at the same military base as Fex. Although, to her dismay, it appeared like she wasn't as lucky. While Fex was in military base two, she had been transferred to work at military base six. 
 Without saying anything, she started to walk around the room and gaze at the faces of the students more closely. As she nighed one of the students, even the females had to recognise her ephemeral beauty and started to blush. She continued to stroll around, finally stopping in front of Nate and scrutinized his visage. 
 'Looks like this is going to be my day?' Nate cheeringly told himself. 
 She looked at him closer and said, "Why are you so interested in such ugly things?" Although Sliver had no idea, she had said these words out loud. 
 The whole room wanted to laugh, yet they did their best to hold it in out of respect for Nate. He wasn't like the other high-level users. He treated everyone in his classroom fairly even though he was known as the strongest. 
 As Silver walked off and headed back to the front of the class, she had one thought in her mind. 
 "Fex I will complete my mission and bring you back, even if I have to hurt you, dear brother." 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 193 My Sandwich 
 It was an early morning for the students at military base two, and although it wasn't time for the students to have breakfast yet. One was up and about before any other. 
 "Okay, just got to make sure I have everything?" Layla said as she slowly breathed in and out. 
 In her hand, she held a white envelope. While holding it, a pair of disposable gloves had been worn as well. She had repeated these steps multiple times in her head and had done everything so the note couldn't be traced back to her. 
 She felt around the envelope making sure the nano stick was inside. "Am I sure that I want to do this?" Layla said speaking to herself, "Everything that I'm going to do is against the protocol, and if I get caught, I don't even think my mother can pull me out of this one." 
 Right now, she stood outside the third floor of the boy's dormitory area, also known as the VIP area for the male students. As she took a step forward she quickly turned and started walking back, and then after two steps — she stopped again. 
 "I have to... if it wasn't for them… Quinn and everyone would have died back there, and if I don't, who knows what will happen to Quinn." She shook her head violently and then once again headed back to the VIP area. 
 Once she had entered she made sure to check the halls, she also checked the other rooms and areas to see if anyone was out and about. Although it was early morning and most students wouldn't be up by now, she still needed to make sure. 
 After placing the white envelope on the floor just outside one of the doors. She stepped back towards the exit of the hallway right by the staircase. "No turning back now." 
 Using her ability, she pushed the envelope underneath the door and it was now on the other side. After that, she quickly ran down the stairs heading back to her room. 
 **** 
 So far, for everyone, it had been a normal day. They ate their morning food as usual and then went to their morning homeroom classes. It was now lunchtime, which was usually just before combat classes, and at that moment while Vorden, Quinn, and Peter were outside, Quinn had received a ping on his watch. 
 *Ding 
 "A voice message?" Quinn said. 
 "First, if you are listening to this message, make sure that no one not worthy of your trust is around you, I'll give you a few seconds to decide and do something about it before I will continue," Logan said. 
 Quinn looked around and the boys were outside on a bench, Vorden and Peter then huddled around Quinn to hear the message better and also made sure no one came close and if someone did, then they would quickly stop the message. 
 "Good," The message said as it continued to play. "I received some interesting information and it concerns Peter and your little problem. I suggest you gather everyone that knows about what Peter really is and bring them to my room. because we are going to need everyone's help on this to get out of this mess. Oh, and if you could bring me a sandwich from one of the vending machines that would be good. You don't have to do this, of course, but it will do good for my brainpower and help me think better." 
 Although the tone of the message didn't sound very urgent, Quinn knew that if Logan was initiating contact with him and was asking to bring everyone into his room, it was a big deal. 
 Logan didn't like people coming into his room in the first place. 
 For he was afraid that people may steal his ideas for his new future inventions, or even destroy whatever he was working on. So, Quinn knew that this was a big deal. 
 "You heard him guys, You inform the girls and bring them to Logan's room," Quinn said looking at Vorden. "Peter it might be best if you go with him." 
 "What are you going to do, sir?" Peter asked. 
 "I need to get that sandwich," Quinn replied. 
 The group had split up and Vorden and Peter went to get the two girls. 
 However, Quinn didn't just do that so he could get a sandwich, he was actually going to look for Fex. With his nose, it wouldn't be difficult to find him, and he knew that if he informed Vorden about this he would be against it. 
 But if it was something to do with Peter, he was sure Fex would help out. 
 The girls along with Vorden and Peter were patiently waiting inside Logan's room. The boys were quite calm, while Erin was tapping her foot away and about. Lately, she had been using all her spare time to practice her sword skills, yet she still could never achieve the same results as she did on the roof that day. 
 Being here just seemed like a waste of her time. 
 While Layla who was standing next to her felt a horrible bubbly feeling in her stomach. Her heart was pounding so hard she thought it was going to jump out of her throat. 
 "Can't you just tell us what is this all about?" Erin said annoyed. 
 "This is a very serious matter," Logan replied sitting in his chair. He was currently playing with a trapezium style Rubix cube made from metal. The inside used little small triggers to twist and turn the shape in all sorts of different directions. This made it multiple times harder than a standard Rubix cube. Each time he shifted one of the pieces, a large mechanical sound would be made. 
 "And I would hate to have to repeat myself again," Logan said as he continued to mess around. 
 The room was silent and the only thing that could be heard was the shifting sounds of Logan playing with the mechanical item. They waited and waited. 
 *Click 
 *Click 
 "Will you put that damn cube away!" Erin shouted, "Before I shove it up your…." 
 Just then the sound of the door was heard. 
 "Looks like they are here," Logan said as he put the cube on the floor. 
 Quinn entered first and right behind him was Fex. As soon as Erin saw this she immediately stepped back. 
 "Quinn, what the hell is he doing here?!" Vorden shouted. 
 "Wait, I was the one that asked him to come here," Quinn said. "If it's something to do with Peter or the vampires, then he's going to be a big help. Remember he helped us out last time and he has stayed true to his words every time." 
 "Look I can tell I'm not wanted here." Fex said." If you really want me to go, want I'll go." 
 "No, please stay," Logan said. "Quinn is correct, this matter is very serious and I do believe you will be a big help." 
 Since Logan was the one who had said it and invited them here, the others felt like they at least needed to hear Logan out before they decided if he needed to be involved or not. 
 "Alright, but before we begin I believe Quinn you have something for me?" Logan asked as he held out his hand, "My sandwich?" 
 "Oh!" 
 Quinn then threw the packaged sandwich over to Logan as a mechanical arm went into the air and grabbed it. Unwrapping it for him and feeding him. They all sat there and watched Logan eat the sandwich and when he was finally done. He turned to his computer. 
 "Let us begin!" 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 194 The truth about Truedream 
 As usual, when Logan was explaining things, he would display what he was looking at on his computer screen to the others through a hologram. As he went through files one by one he would explain what they meant. 
 "When I woke up this morning I was surprised to see an envelope on the floor." Said Logan." I was afraid that it might be some type of a bomb or something. I had my mechanical spiders go ahead and pick it up, then inspect it. I scanned it for any traces of tampering and to see what was inside. To my surprise, there was a small little nano stick inside with a note." 
 The screen had changed and right now, a scanned version of the note was being displayed to the others. 
 "In this nano stick, is some information on one of the big Four family members, more specifically its leader known as Truedream. Our group has managed to gather extensive research into him and here we can see all his wrongdoings in the past. The reason why I have passed this note onto you is that unfortunately for all of you… Truedream will be arriving in a few days' time. 
 "Out of everyone, I thought perhaps with your abilities you might be able to do something to stop this madness, for we wish for we do not wish anyone innocent to get hurt." 
 At the end of the letter attached to the bottom was a stamp, and everyone in the room recognized it well. They had seen it many times on the television, and some of them had even written school reports about the group. It was the group known as Pure. 
 "So, what if Truedream is coming to the school?" Erin replied. "He does a routine visit to most of the military bases anyway. I fail to see why this is our problem, and why we should even trust the words coming from a military group?" 
 "I don't know," Layla said. "Maybe they know something that we don't, and I'm guessing it has something to do with that stick." 
 "Although I would like to say congratulations." Said Logan. "I believe anyone would have been able to come to that conclusion." 
 The files changed once again and this time it contained reports of the previous visits that Truedream had done. It contained detailed reports of each visit to the military base but not only that... It also informed them of what Truedream's true purpose for coming to the base. 
 The fact that every time he visited, a select few students would be chosen, and soon after their abilities were gone. It also showed that there was a pattern to these things and how he seemed to visit the second military base more often than the others. 
 The expression on everyone's faces was sour as they read the reports. "I can't say that it doesn't surprise me," Quinn replied. "It's expected of this crappy system." 
 "I agree it's bad," Erin said. "But still I don't really see how this involves us. We're just students and they want us to stop this. He's from one of the big four families. 
 That was when Vorden noticed something. "Wait did you say the visit was in a few days. Isn't that…." 
 "Looks like we have a winner," Logan said. "This is the reason why I called you all. I remember you telling me that for some reason Duke, had deliberately wanted Peter to reach a level four…" 
 "It seemed strange, but why were they suddenly showing favoritism to Peter? And what's with the rush?" 
 "Putting these two things together it makes sense. Not only was Peter originally weak, but he also had no strong family backing, sure his family would be upset if he was to lose his powers or disappear, but no further steps would be taken, and everyone would soon forget just like the students before." Logan explained. 
 "And if they find out that Peter has no abilities anymore, they will start asking questions all over again and it could lead them back to us," Vorden said. "Not just the vampire stuff, but when they find out we were close to Peter, they might start looking into the deaths and more." 
 The group had to take their time to take everything all in. Out of all of them, the first one to leave the room was Erin. 
 "I don't mean to be rude or anything but I'm not really that involved with you guys," Erin said. "I'm not a vampire and I have no ties to what you did with the others. If I help out in this it will only make me a bigger target. If you guys are caught trying to do anything, it could come back to me. I can't let that happen." 
 As Erin left the room not a single person had gone out to chase her. She had a point. She really wasn't involved in any of this and if she did help, it would only put her at risk. 
 "We have two days," Logan said. "This Sunday the students will be asked to gather in the assembly hall to welcome Truedream. Usually, the students are asked to stay back after the assembly. This is what is stated in the reports. They will then be taken somewhere, but where? 
 "Nobody knows…" 
 "All that we know is that these students who are taken away lost their abilities. The world is given the explanation that they have been punished for doing something bad, so their ability got taken away, and some even disappear. So, what plans do we have?" 
 The group then continued to discuss what could happen and came up with different plans and scenarios in case different things happened. Finally, after a long talk, they had come up with a plan that seemed to have a good chance of working. 
 And it was like Logan had said, for this to work they would need everyone who was here to help. 
 This included Fex and surprisingly he had agreed without saying too much. If he was discovered by his family now, he would get into too much trouble. 
 But he knew that if the world discovered the existence of vampires and it was because of him, it didn't matter who his father was no one could save him. 
 With the plan set, everyone left the room. 
 For now, they would all act as normal for the next couple of days until Truedream arrived. 
 When everyone had finally left the room, Logan turned towards his computer once more and started to play a video file. Logan was a very cautious person and was paranoid everyone was out there to steal his work. The school didn't allow any cameras but that didn't mean he couldn't install any of his own. 
 In the VIP area, Logan had set tiny miniature cameras that were close to invisible to the human eye. He installed them, not only on his front door but also a few on the outside as well. 
 After receiving the letter in the morning… 
 Naturally, the first thing he did, was to check and see who had delivered the letter. As the video played, it was clear as day, that Layla was the one who had delivered the letter. 
 "Layla, huh? It seems like this little group of yours Quinn all have their own tiny little secret. Although this one is not mine to tell." 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! The next four chapters of the mass release will be out later today. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 195 An illegal? 
 After the meeting with Logan, the boys only had a little bit of time before lunch would end and they needed to head to their combat classes. That's when Fex asked a question that seemed out of the blue for everyone present. 
 "So who is this Truedream guy, is he a big deal?" Fex asked. 
 Everyone stopped for a moment and turned to look at Fex strangely. It was impossible for someone who lived on earth to have never heard fo the big four family names. This fact had even shocked Quinn, and he started to think more and more, that perhaps vampires were no longer on earth. 
 "Whoa, what's with all the creepy stares, so I don't know one person, is he really that big of a deal?" Fex asked. 
 "Well, to be honest, I think Vorden would probably know more about him," Quinn replied. "I only know the basics." 
 At this point, everyone was all ears to hear what Vorden had to say. 
 "Truedream is different from the other big families," Vorden said. "The families had their powers long before the world knew they even existed, slowly passing it down from family to family member. And to be honest, even within all the ability users, the three families always reigned on the top." 
 "The three?" Quinn said. 
 "Yeah, this is what I mean when I say the Trudream family are a little different. For one, most of his family actually consist of multiple different ability users. This is due to the nature of his ability. The second thing is Truedream had discovered the ability himself later in life, we believe he is the first to have this power. 
 "His ability is unique and we're not even sure if he can pass it on for others to learn or not. The military who are partners with him, like to keep it this way. Remember its only because of him that so many of those in power chose to not disobey. Anyone who tries to fight back or rebel gets their powers taken away. There are even rumours it was because of Truedream that the Pure faction had started in the first place. 
 "Once your ability gets taken away, there's no way for the body to learn another one and for some reason, it seems like Truedream's ability stops you from completely producing any more mutant cells for your old ability. As you know, someone without an ability can't get very far in the outside world at the moment." 
 It was true, currently, in the outside world, most of the things that couldn't be done with abilities were already automated with technology. Everyone then recived a universal income, but it wasn't enough credits to live on earth, causing most of the humans to relocate to shelters on other planets, some that were less protected than others. 
 Although, even after Fex had heard Vorden's explanation this Truedream person still didn't seem like a big deal to him. Even if Fex's ability did get taken away, there was nothing he could do about his vampire powers. Also, it seemed like Truedream himself was very weak, so he didn't understand the fear associated with his powers that the others had. 
 After the boys finished talking it was time for them to split up and head for their combat classes. Before doing so, Peter changed his number from an ability level of 2 to a 3. This way Bones could see he was progressing and report back to Duke. 
 As usual, during the combat class, the group was going through their kicks once again. It was expected since the theme for the lesson would carry on for a week. Only this time Leo demonstrated how to block using your legs and counter certain moves using the palm of your hands instead. 
 Fex and Quinn weren't really in the mood to practice all out, they were too busy thinking about the plan they had to initiate. So they were casually kicking and blocking each other's attacks at a normal speed. 
 They had a lot on their minds as the plan wasn't perfect. It couldn't be perfect, because they didn't know what Truedream was going to do, so the only thing they could try was improvising and plotting around a few things they did know what was going to happen. 
 In the middle of their practice, Fex asked Quinn a question. "Hey, that ghoul he evolved right? So I'm guessing you sorted everything out, do you know what he evolved into?" 
 "You mean you can't tell?" Quinn replied as he palmed away a kick. 
 "I can tell he smells different from before, but I don't think I've smelled his type, so what is he?" 
 "He's something called a wight." When Quinn spoke those words, Fex had suddenly stopped kicking. 
 "Seriously, what a rare evolution, he must be quite powerful then, maybe even stronger than me in terms of physical abilities." 
 "What makes you say that?" Quinn asked. 
 "Well, a wight's strength is mirrored by his creator's strength, and his creator has to be a leader," Fex explained. "Which makes me think why he even left the ghoul in the first place or why he hasn't come back to pick it up." 
 "Well it doesn't have to be a leader, right?" Quinn said nervously hoping to throw Fex of this dangerous trail. "Any Vampire can turn someone?" 
 Quinn had made sure to check this fact with the system beforehand, and it was true that most Vampires could turn someone. However, depending on their power it limited how many people they could turn. At most a regular Vampire could only turn one person. 
 "Are you serious? Did they really teach you nothing here?" Fex said as he let out a sigh. "Although it's true that a vampire can turn anyone it is against the laws. The only person who has permission to turn someone is the leader of one of the thirteen families. If anyone else was to turn someone that would be classified as an illegal. The vampire and whoever created it would be taken back to be executed." 
 Quinn gulped at hearing this piece of information, is this what the system meant when they said they would now be coming after him? Was Quinn and Peter both considered illegal in the eyes of the Vampire families? 
 Afterall Quinn was an unusual vampire as the system had stated. As he was busy thinking and taking it all in the system had interrupted. 
 "Don't worry you are not illegal." The system said. "However, I didn't want to tell you this so soon for you still are not strong enough and don't have the classifications of one. But ever since you turned Peter and created your own family name. You too are now a vampire Leader. But as I stated before if you want to live, never reveal this information to anyone." 
 Although Fex didn't say anything else, he had kept a few things to himself. Wight's were known to only follow one person, otherwise, their natural nature would take over and they would go on a rampage. 
 Many of them had to be destroyed once their masters had be slane, otherwise, they would attack everyone in sight. 
 The fact that Peter hadn't done that, meant whoever had turned him was still closeby. Fex was no fool, judging by the frightened look on Quinn's face, he could only assume Peter was created by him and perhaps Quinn's leader wasn't aware of this certain event. 
 Fex didn't know how close to the truth he was, and how far away he was at the same time. 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note below. 

 
	 Chapter 196 The thirteen families 
 A whole load of information had just been given to Quinn at once. He felt like it was pretty relevant to the situation he was in and it would have been nice if he had at least hinted about it beforehand. The way the AI acted with the system was really starting to bug Quinn. 
 The lesson was coming to its end, so Leo decided to round up everyone to give a few pointers. This was Quinn's chance to ask the system the questions he needed. 
 "Look, I don't understand anything," Quinn said. "I understand maybe you didn't want to tell me before. The less I know about it the better, hoping I wouldn't get too involved but right now, Fex is here, and if I make a mistake and slip up he will easily be able to tell." 
 "I'm sorry Quinn." The system replied. "I want to tell you but sometimes I can't. When the creator created me, he chose to make it so certain information was revealed only when necessary. There are things I wish to tell you but cannot." 
 "Then what can you tell me? Earlier Fex mentioned there being family leaders and then you mentioned that I was one as well, what does he mean by that?" 
 "The Vampires are controlled by a council. The council is split up into thirteen different leaders and a Vampire king or queen. These are also what are known as families. When you created Peter and made your family name, you automatically became a member of the council." 
 Quinn couldn't believe what he was hearing. Just a second ago he didn't even know a Vampire council existed and now apparently he held a high position of power. 
 "But then, why would they be after me then?" Quinn asked. "And wouldn't this mean I would be safe if they found out about Peter?" 
 "Quinn, the Vampire race like to seem like they are working together but they are just as cruel and power hungry as humans. When the Vampire king or queen decides to go into eternal slumber, then a new king shall be selected from one of the thirteen leaders. 
 "While the current king or queen is still present they must do as they say, but once they disappear, it will turn into a cruel battleground. You are only a leader in name only. A shortcut was created due to the system. A lowly Vampire like you is too weak. To become a vampire leader one at least must have the rank of a Vampire lord. Although this isn't the only reason why they will be after you, unfortunately, I can't say anymore." 
 The Vampire leaders were at the rank of a Vampire Lord, but Quinn had never met a leader before so he had no reference for their strength. The only other Vampire he had met was Fex. 
 "What about Fex, do you know what rank he is at?" Quinn asked. 
 "Fex is on the cusp. He is not quite at the next evolution stage which would be a Vampire noble, but he is stronger than most Vampires out there. The ranks are as follows, you have a Vampire, Vampire Noble, Vampire knight, Vampire lord, and finally, the Vampire king or queen. There are also the subclasses such as Peter within these ranks, but they can never rise above their leaders or creators." 
 Quinn was hoping to hear that Fex was quite a high ranking Vampire, perhaps even one just below the Vampire lord. Instead, he just managed to get confirmation that there were a few more classes even above Fex. 
 It was as the system said, for whatever reason that the system wouldn't tell him if they were to learn he was a Vampire leader they would try to kill him, and with his strength right now he wouldn't even last a second. 
 "These families, why are there thirteen of them? Couldn't all the Vampires just unite under one banner." 
 "The humans and vampires share more than they would like to think. Just how humans were selfish and decided to keep their abilities to themselves, it is the same for the Vampires. Each Vampire has a basic set of skills, however, the thirteen different families are each divided into the different abilities they have. 
 "This does not mean, they are all related by blood however, before learning an ability a Vampire must go through a blood ritual with that family, meaning they can never go against them. Only then will they teach that Vampire their ability. An example of this is the Sanguinis family that Fex is a part of, who have the ability to control string. Still, this does not mean a Vampire cannot learn an ability outside of the thirteen, but if they chose to do this, they will never be promoted within the ranks of the family they have chosen to follow." 
 This information disappointed Quinn a little. He was hoping at some point he would be able to find an ability for Peter to use, but it seemed like each family kept a lock on their abilities, not allowing outsiders to learn them. And what were the chances Quinn would be able to stumble upon another book that Vampires were able to learn? Thinking about this caused another question to pop into his head. 
 "Wait!" Quinn said. "Does that mean my ability belongs to one of the thirteen? Is that why they're trying to kill me?" 
 "You're shadow ability is not part of the thirteen families." The system replied. 
 This was the first bit of good news Quinn thought. If his ability wasn't part of the thirteen families even if he used it, the Vampires wouldn't know he was a Vampire and they could think he was just another ability user. 
 "But, I warn you to not use your ability in front of others, the only thing I can say for now is your ability carries history for the Vampires that they wish to forget, they would only target you more." 
 "Doesn't that mean Fex is targeting me then?" said Quinn. 
 "I believe he may be too young to know about what happened in the past, they most likely do not teach the young ones about this either. This is all you need to know about this matter. Only when you are strong enough Quinn, I promise I can tell you then." 
 This whole Vampire business seemed like it was more trouble then it was worth at the moment. Just when Quinn thought he could finally stop hiding his strength it seemed like he needed to hide it even more. 
 Right now though he would have to deal with one problem at a time and the immediate problem in front of him was Peter and Duke. 
 ***** 
 Over at the elemental training hall. They too were doing the same lessons as usual and as lessons were about to finish, they had free time to do what they wanted and once again Bones had come over with his two men and confronted Peter. 
 "Peter!" Bones shouted. "Well, will you look at that! You finally managed to reach level three. It looks like you're going to make it to level four in time after all. What do you say to one more sparring match before tomorrow huh?" 
 Bones was frustrated after taking a beating from Vorden last time, and he himself was a level, four user. While Peter was still a level three, and a new one at that. Bones was confident he could still beat him. Even if he had the potential to be as strong as him with his earth powers, he couldn't have learnt that many skills with the ability in such a short amount of time. 
 Peter turned around and took one look at Bones. "You're too weak for me, P*ss off before I kill you." 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note below. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 197 Trouble maker! 
 Vorden was standing by the side of the group and was glancing over as usual, he currently had the level four earth ability copied, just like last time in case this situation was to repeat himself. 
 "Those guys, I guess they didn't learn from last time, maybe I've gotten softer hanging around with Quinn all the time." Vorden thought. 
 But as he was thinking that, he heard Peter's voice. 
 "You're too weak for me, P*ss off before I kill you," Peter said, and this time there wasn't a hint of fear in his voice. 
 'Damn it, this is not good,' Vorden worried. 'Before I had to babysit a weak cry baby Peter, now I have to babysit this. I'm not sure which one I prefer.' 
 Vorden couldn't reveal he was involved with Peter so he couldn't step in and waiting was all he could do for now, he watched carefully preparing himself for the worse. Standing in a fighting stance just to the side of the group. 
 "What the heck?" Bones said. "Oh I get it now, you think cause you got a little bit of power and now a level three you're a big shot, huh well think aga…" Before Bones could even finish what he was saying. 
 Peter's hands had gripped and wrapped around Bones' mouth his fingers placed at the side his jaw. "Did I not tell you to go away!" 
 Bones immediately retaliated by lifting his hands trying to create a pillar of earth from below Peter's feet. As soon as Peter had felt the slightest bit of vibration from below, he knew what was coming. 
 But he didn't move, he waited for the pillar to rise up while continuing to hold on to Bones. Then at the last second, as the pillar rose up from below, Peter stepped back and pulled bones into his own Pillar allowing it to hit him right in the chin. 
 "Bones!" One of his friends shouted as they came running forward, then suddenly out of nowhere a large wall of earth had come between the two groups, and at the same time bones had been blocked off from Peter's view. 
 Now standing by Peter's side was Vorden. "Ignore them, we have to get out of here! Now Just Run!" 
 But Peter remained still as if he wanted to continue fighting against them. 
 "look, just ignore them, their trash right, there not worth our time," Vorden argued. 
 "Huh! You're right about that." Peter said as he took off with Vorden out of the training centre. 
 As Vorden and Peter where outside, Vorden decided it was best if they headed back to the dorm room for now and stayed there. While heading back he started to think about the confrontation, it had shown Vorden how much Peter had changed. 
 Seeing how he acted against Bones, he couldn't imagine what Peter might do if he was to be put in a room with Truedream or Duke. 
 **** 
 Inside the dorm room, Vorden and Peter hadn't said much. They no longer were as close as before when Vorden used to mentor Peter. In fact, when Vorden looked at Peter now he no longer would see the same Peter, he just got this weird feeling and he found it strange that Peter would often just remain still in one place for long periods of time. Coming from Vorden that said a lot to how much Peter really had changed. 
 Finally, Quinn had returned from his class and the first thing Vorden did was ask if the two of them could speak alone in private. 
 "Sorry about this Peter, Do you mind?" Quinn asked. 
 "If that is what you wish sir," Peter said as he went back to sit down in his seat. 
 The two of them decided to take a walk down the hallway until they had reached a window. Making sure there wasn't anyone who could be listening in to their conversation, they looked outside allowing the breeze to touch their face as they talked. 
 Vorden had explained what had happened today in the training hall and he also told him his worries about Sunday when he was to meet Truedream. 
 "I feel like you want to suggest something to me?" Quinn said. 
 "I know I have mentioned it before." Said Vorden. "But last time I said it half-heartedly, but this time Quinn I'm serious. I think we should cut our ties with Peter." 
 Although Vorden had sugarcoated his words Quinn knew what he was getting at, they should kill Peter. Honestly, with everything going on, Quinn couldn't say he hadn't had the same thoughts. 
 Lately, the thought was entering his head more often, this Peter wasn't the same one he knew, it was clear the old Peter was already gone. 
 "Trying to go through with this plan, I think is riskier than getting rid of Peter," Vorden said. "I think we can do Peter justice when we leave school in two years, we'll look after his family. We can make our own faction and the money we earn from being Travellers we will send them a portion each month." 
 Vorden was making a good case, but Quinn wondered how Peter's family would feel after finding out their son had died or disappeared. Would they really care if they had money or not? Even if Peter wasn't the same as before he was still him right? There had to be still a little of him inside there somewhere. 
 "I for one don't think this is a good idea." The system said. "First, you yourself will be unable to kill Peter even if you decide to go through with this. You would have to stand by as you watched someone you know kill Peter and, although he is loyal to you, he would not just stand there without putting up a fight. 
 "The second thing goes to the matter we spoke of before, you were lucky Peter turned into a wight. It is quite a powerful alley to have. Right now you need to gather and keep all the power you can get. It's not a question of IF the vampires will come, Quinn, It's WHEN." 
 Suddenly, as these thoughts filled Quinn's mind, a strange feeling came over him once again. It was the family connection from the blood ritual. "I can't do it Vorden," Quinn said. "He's family now and so are you and the others." 
 Quinn didn't know this but as he turned and said these words to Vorden, his eyes were lit up bright Red. Vorden assumed that perhaps this matter went far beyond just the conversation they had now, and had something to do with Quinn himself. 
 "Alright Quinn, we'll stick with the plan." 
 **** 
 The next day it was the weekend so the group had no classes for the day. However, they were unable to spend their time as freely as the other students could. Instead, they met in Logan's room once more. 
 Each of them went over the details of their plan, while Logan also handed each a strange round circular pin to be put on their clothes. It looked similar to a button and blended well into their uniform. There was also a sperate circular small speaker that was to be placed in the ear. 
 These two items were a set that was to be used to communicate with each other. The only person who didn't receive one was Peter, as they knew he would be taken away. However, a microphone was once again installed into his watch so they could hear everything that was happening. 
 After a good night's rest, it was finally Sunday, the day Truedream would finally arrive at the school. 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 198 Jack Truedream arrives 
 It was now Sunday morning and the eight sergeants had all gathered inside the portal hall. Four of the second year sergeants stood on one side and four of the first year sergeants stood on the opposite side, forming two lines in front of the portal. 
 Each of them had straightened postures and were unmoveable, assuming their best attitude before the single portal. The said portal had been pulled out and placed in the centre of the room. Although the colour of this portal was neither green, orange, nor red, it was hued in the purity of white, making it look like a blank canvas. 
 Just like the travelling stations, the white colour indicated that the destination of the portal was Earth. 
 The doors to the training hall soon opened and every one of the sergeants immediately gave a salute to the four men who had entered the room. 
 Duke - The head of the second-year students, Nathan - The head of the first-year students, and Mike stood in the centre. Out of all the generals there, Mike was the oldest and was well respected. Even though he didn't hold the highest rank, he was still in charge of the communications that would transpire in between military bases. 
 Then, finally, standing behind the three of them was a man in a black and white tailored suit. The others had never seen him wear anything else other than that. It was the head general Paul. 
 "Duke, I hope you already have everything prepared, yes?" Paul asked. 
 "Yes, everything is proceeding well and we should reach the quota as usual. All the students will gather in the assembly hall this afternoon. We shall advance with everything else right after." Duke replied. 
 "Good." Said Paul, looking at another comrade next. "Mike, how are the preparations for the upcoming event going?" 
 "Not to worry, we still have a leeway of a month before the event. Students will be able to choose which events they want to participate in soon. I'm sure that we'll come out on top this year - I know we will." Mike said as he laughed loudly. 
 "Nathan, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you." Said Paul. "The upcoming portal outing for the first-year students, it will not be a green portal like how we originally planned it, but it will be an orange portal instead." 
 Hearing this, Nathans's eyes widened. "Sir, this is crazy! They're only first-year students. Why do we need to push them so fast?" 
 "There are reports that the Dalki are becoming more aggressive with their exploration. We must compete with them. This order has been made by all of us, so we must push more and at the same time, we can not willingly lose our regular men. Earth is the number one priority and we must protect it at all cost." 
 "So they chose to sacrifice the children instead!" Nathan complained back, utterly distraught by the news. 
 "War will soon be waged and the Dalki do not discriminate, whether they are children or not. Age will not matter to them when that time comes. It's better that they get the experience now. I will give you permission to send a couple of sergeants with them for their safeguarding rather than the regular teachers, but that's it. This is an order and it's final. I don't want to welcome any opposition." 
 Usually, green portals would be used for first years. They were the safest, containing basic and intermediate beasts. Once the student reached the second year stage, they would then, though only once, go out on an orange portal expedition. 
 Orange portals posed a heightened risk. There were shelters on the planet, but the whole planet had yet to be explored. The moment that the military arrived on that planet, the goal would be to expand and explore the areas of the planet that had yet to be explored. 
 If they were lucky and finished their exploration, it would get the go-ahead and the portal colour would change to green. If they discovered high-level beasts, then the portal would retain its orange colour. 
 Nathan felt like the first years were way too inexperienced to do such a task. The main difference when travelling to an orange portal planet was that they would travel as a single unit instead of in teams. Furthermore, the school had yet to enlighten the students about the importance of working together. 
 The generals now stood a few feet away from the circular teleporter. Paul lifted his wrist to look at his watch, checking the time - It was currently 8:59. 
 9:00 
 As soon as the watch displayed 9:00, the portal started to warp slightly, and three figures could be seen coming through. Standing in the centre was a bald-headed man who wore sunglasses and he had also donned a suit. 
 "Jack!" Greeted Paul. "It's been a while." He said as he went to the others and gave them a hug. 
 "That's him?" Fay whispered to Hayley who was standing next to her. "I can't believe that two of the strongest people on our planet look like shady businessmen." 
 Although Jack Truedream didn't look impressive by himself, the two men who came out of the portal beside him did. One of them was a large fellow whose height was nearly seven feet. He was completely covered in a grey coloured beast equipment, which looked similar to a rhino, while he carried a large two-handed axe on his back. 
 By his side was an individual who was the complete opposite, a small skinny fellow. This person was wearing beast equipment that was dark green in hue and had a mask covering his face. Although, instead of a heavy armour like the other person, he wore light armour. 
 However, just from gazing at both of their equipment, Fay could tell that they were high-level beast gear, way beyond that of the advanced tier. Jack truly had brought his strongest guards along. 
 It reminded Fay that even though they were allies. Still, at the same time, they weren't. The fact that Jack felt the need to bring these two was to remind them of the power that his family had. 
 Right now, there was an odd balance between the ability users in the world that caused small-scaled skirmishes to happen. The military's strongest force was the 8 head generals that were in charge of each of the military bases. The leader of this group was the head general in military base one. 
 In addition to them was the big four from the four families. They were the current decision-makers in the affairs concerning the world, and whenever there was a serious matter to be decided, a meeting would be called in their midst. Once in a while though, the families or the military would have to show their strength just to make sure that the others wouldn't get the idea of rebelling. 
 "How about some breakfast together? My chiefs have prepared a great meal." Paul asked. 
 "No thanks, I ate before I came here," Jack replied. "I was actually hoping to speak to your sergeants who discovered one of our family members. I believe that when his body was discovered, it was found along with two other students, is that correct? I wish to investigate this matter before I do anything else. If you don't mind, that is." 
 "Oh, honestly I'm not sure of the details myself," Paul replied. "I surmised that Hayley was the one who wrote the report and sent it off to you. Hayley!" Paul called her and she immediately rushed over, giving a salute to both Paul and Jack. 
 "Please, if you can, help Jack in any way possible." 
 "Of course, sir!" Hayley replied. 
 This was the real reason why Jack had decided to visit the military base. His original plan was to visit the particular place later. However, when he learnt that one of his men had died in the same way as one of his previous guys, he felt the need to investigate. Perhaps, whatever had killed Ian was the same thing that killed one of his top men. He was hoping that he could find answers from the two students who were found with the body at the time. 
 **** 
 Mass release end. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. Stone goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 199 The one rule 
 Right now both Jack and Hayley were both inside the medical office. Hayley was sitting down at her computer while Jack was standing just above her shoulder taking a peek at the screen. 
 "Is this the report you wanted?" Hayley asked as she brought up the file. 
 Jack gave it a quick read over and it was the same report that he had received from her before. "When you recovered his body, other than the two boys that were with him in the place, was there anyone else or anything inside?" Jack asked. 
 "Nothing that I can remember. Although now that you mention it, it did seem a little strange?" Hayley said. 
 "What do you mean?" 
 "Well even though everything was supposedly destroyed, the whole training centre was left untouched due to it being made of glathrium. It looks like not a single beast had managed to get inside the place. Yet, when we entered. It seemed like the whole place had been trashed, as if a huge brawl had taken place." 
 "Do you remember any other details?" Jack asked. 
 Hayley then went into detail describing what the scene looked like, how there were several mangled doors and how chairs from the arena were all over the place and crumbled up. She then also went into detail about Truedream's body when they recovered it. The bottom half was still intact while the top half had the same two bite marks on it. She also did a quick on the spot evaluation and found that the body seemed to have died not too long ago. 
 "It sounds like Ian must have had fought something while he was in there." Jack said." Ian's ability was magnetism, judging by the scene you were describing, whatever he was fighting with at the time managed to kill him. Do you have the name of the two boys, if they were there then they must have at least saw something." 
 Although Hayley felt the same way, the boys had already been interrogated several times over the event. Right now, Hayley felt like the most possible thing was a beast. Something might have attached themselves to one of the students and got on to their scent. It followed behind them, killing people in the process and causing small puncture wounds on their neck. This was the only logical conclusion she could come to. 
 Still, she didn't want to inform Jack of all the previous investigations they had already done. He was in a way higher position than her. She had also heard rumours of his bad side. 
 At first, Jack was apparently a pleasant person, he thanked the military for helping and taking him in, promising to always help them out. But as he got better abilities and more people on his side, the demands he started making were ridiculous. Nowadays if he didn't get his way, there was no telling what would happen. 
 The two students files were brought up, the first one was Quinn. Jack quickly scanned it over, but as soon as he saw he was only a level one ability user, he quickly disregarded it, the next person though was Vorden who interested him. 
 On his file, it stated his initial testing was a level 5 but next to it in brackets, they said it was (subject to changes) and it was also stated that he was an original. The school already knew Vorden's power due to the information passed on to the previous school but just for filing sake, they took down his initial score. 
 As Jack was reading through the file, that's when he spotted the name. "Vorden Blade." After reading this name out loud a memory had popped into his head. 
 Several years ago Jack had had his power for a few years now and his family members were starting to grow, he had been called in for a meeting. This meeting was between the big three powers. The strongest originals. He was invited to a private island where a large mansion sat on the highest point. 
 He remembered each of their presence that day as they sat on a round table opposite to each other. The pressure coming of each of them was immense. After all, they were the strongest people in the world. They didn't rule it by political gains or winning the peoples hearts like in the past. 
 Instead, they ruled it through their own power and an iron fist, and just looking at them he could see that. There was no military there, no government, there was just the three leaders of the family and himself. They didn't need any guards with the. What was the point when they were stronger than any guards they could hire? 
 The meeting had come as a surprise because the reason he was called, was because they wanted him to have a seat at the leader's table. 
 The leader's table consisted of the eight head generals and currently the heads of the three big families. 
 They had acknowledged the strength of Jack and his family had at that time. And on that day it went from the big three to the big four. However one thing had stuck in his mind, there was one rule they stated before he left… "To never touch the Blade family." 
 At first, Jack thought it was a joke as he started to laugh, he had heard of every single one of them out there. He even knew several other big name original families out there in the real world, but he had yet to have heard of this Blade family before. 
 But soon after he realised that each of them were dead serious, the pressure they were emitting just seconds ago seemed to completely vanish at the mention of this family name. 
 "Can you tell me why?" Jack asked. 
 "If you ever meet one of them, you have two choices." One of the men said. "Stay away, or help them, but if you go against them, not even we can help you." 
 At the time he was truly frightened. 
 Looking at the report once again, he looked at the name carefully. 'Could this really be related to the same family they were talking about?' Jack thought. 'Would they really care if I got rid of one kid, or maybe they were behind the deaths of my men in the first place.' 
 He started to think about what to do and decided to go confront Vorden. However, every time he felt like he was about to do this, images popped back up in his head of the strong men on the table that day. Just what had gotten them so worked up? 
 "Perhaps, it's best if I just leave it alone for now," Jack said. "I could always get some more men." 
 A few hours had passed and lunch break had just passed. Although it was a Sunday all the students had been told to gather in the assembly hall for a special occasion. While the others were wondering what it was exited and chattering away. 
 Quinn and his group had stomach pains and their blood was pumping widely around their body. They knew exactly why they had all been called. A part of them didn't want the letter to be true, but they could no longer escape reality. 
 Standing inside the assembly hall was all the first-year students and the second-year students. In total in the assembly hall stood around 1000 students. All of them stood nice and straight staring in the direction of the stage. 
 Right now, standing up on the stage was Duke, and behind him were the two men who had arrived with Jack. 
 "Alright is everyone ready?" Logan asked. Right now Logan had a small earpiece that acted as a microphone. While the others apart form Peter had the same. 
 It was time for them to put their plan into action. 
 "Ready." They all replied. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 200 The selected eigh 
 The assembly hall was split into two equal half's, with all the first year students standing on the left of the stage, and the second year students standing right of the stage. The fact that all the students in the school were told to gather together, and not just a single year told them it would be a big event. 
 Then the two section on each side would be further split up, they were grouped by each homeroom class which contained about fifty students. Quinn and Vorden were standing relatively close to each other while Peter was standing a row in front of them so they could keep an eye on him. While the girls stood directly at the front of the class. 
 Their section was stationed closest to the stage, while right at the back towards the exit was Logan. To his surprise, it seemed like Fex was in the same homeroom class as him. Logan didn't turn up to home room class much, and if it was anyone else they would have been punished for this. But because Logan was a VIP student from a rich family he obtained special privileges. 
 Duke was currently standing on stage giving the students a speech, telling them about all the achievements that the base had made so far, and what the upcoming schedule for the first year and second year students would look for the rest of the year. 
 While listening to this, Vorden was preparing himself, or more specifically he was preparing someone else. 
 "Raten you remember the plan right?" Vorden asked. "As soon as you finish with what needs to be done, then you get out of there. I don't care if someone looks interesting to fight, or if someone looked at you the wrong way, we need to disappear immediately after you are done." 
 "Will you shut up?!" Raten snapped back. "For the last two days, you've said the same thing over and over to me. I know that if I don't do what you said, I won't hear the end of it." 
 Vorden, hated the fact that the plan required him to use Raten, if he could he would have used himself but the task that was given to him relied on him having two abilities and Vorden could only control one, but of course, using Sil was out of the question, so that left him with Raten. 
 The two abilities he needed were already stored for the day, right now they just needed for the assembly to be over. 
 Quinn, on the other hand, was worried for Peter. The system recommended giving Peter some of his blood which he did, and he gave the order not to attack Duke or Jack. With the extra blood it made Peter more loyal to the point he would obey every order, loyalty to one's master was also distance based, the further away, the less influence the master's orders had, but with fresh blood from Quinn in his system he would have no option but to obey the commands he was given. Eventually, the power would fade away but for a short time period like this one, it would be enough. 
 The only way that Peter could disobey this order, is if his life was put on the line, then self-preservation would override Quinn's orders. 
 "Other than an update about the schedule for you all, we also have a special guest here today. He visited us last year, and he is here to visit us again." 
 Duke pointed at one of the men who sat at the leader's table, and was actually the leader of one of the big four. "Please clap for Mr. Truedream." Duke said as he walked off the stage. 
 Mr. Truedream then got up from his seat at the table, and come up from the side of the stage, and as he stepped forward so did the two guards next to him. The students looked up and stared at them in awe. They had never seen such impressive beast gear in their life, and couldn't imagine just how much it would cost to own them. 
 Knowing that they were from the Truedream family, they would also have some impressive abilities. However, as most of the students looked at Mr. Truedream, they were quite disappointed. He wasn't wearing any beast gear, and he didn't give off the same presence as other leaders they had seen. 
 However, there were a few in the room who felt differently, they could feel a confidence exuding from his body, and one of these students was Fex. As he was looking at him he was starting to sweat, the site of Mr. Truedream reminded him of the thirteen vampire leaders. This was the presence of someone who was on top of the world. 
 "Many of you should know who I am but just in case, my name is Jack Truedream, leader of the Truedream family and also the owner of Dreamland City. I have a close relationship with the military and I visit every base each year. But I have to say out of all the military bases, this is my favourite one. I also seem to get the most and the best gifts delivered directly to my footstep here." Jack said with a smile. 
 "Did you hear that? He said were the best military base out there," A student whispered. 
 "Are you an idiot, he probably says that to all of the military basis he goes to," Another student responded. 
 "True, but still if we could get into his faction, we would be set for life. I hear he even provides free housing for all those in his city. As long as you join their team of course," The first student replied. 
 While the other students were excited to see Truedream, Quinn's group could see the other hidden message behind his words. Most likely those gifts he was talking about, were the students given to him right after this assembly. He was declaring it in the open, while no one knew what was happening. 
 While the speech continued on, from the bottom of Logan's sleeve one of the small mechanical spiders crawled down his shirt, and hopped off his shoe. It was the same size as a regular small spider, and made next to no noise as it moved about. 
 It continued to crawl across the floor until it had eventually reached the stage. 
 "Alright guys, it's all set," Logan whispered. 
 Jack then spoke his final words. 
 "In a month's time, I will be coming to watch all of you at the inter-military base event. Perform well and those that impress me will be given an extended invitation." 
 With that, the speech was over, and Jack walked off stage with his two guards behind him. Heading off to a location out of sight from all the students. While doing this the mechanical spider quickly followed along. 
 As Jack left the stage Duke returned, he had one last thing to say to everyone, "You heard the man, work hard so you can achieve a great future for yourselves. I expect our school to come out on top at the inter-military base event. Before I dismiss you all to enjoy the rest of your day off I would like these eight students to stay behind. 
 "Ray Dem, Howard Hubby, Wilfred Green, Sarah Beeswax, Michael Brisko, Amy Yellop, Peter Chuck." 
 After hearing Peter's name, everyone stomach sunk a little, this was it, they needed to get into action right after he called out the final name. 
 "And finally Erin Heyley, these students please stay behind, and come to the front of the stage. The rest of you may leave." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goal in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
 
 
	 Chapter 201 To become the stronges 
 The students were starting to leave the room one by one. It was their day off and they didn't want to hang around in the assemble hall any longer than they needed to. Most of them were leaving with smiles on their faces, excited for the upcoming event. 
 With Jack mentioning and informing the students of his plans to be at the Inter military base event. They were now eager to impress him, and wanted to start practising right away. If Jack was to over them an invitation to join his family it would be a shortcut to the top. 
 Usually, unless one was extremely talented they would have to build a reputation for themselves from their own factions and work there way up. Nearly everyone, who wished to become a traveller had a goal of joining the big four. 
 Even if you created your own faction, it was beneficial to work under one of the big four, for protection from the others. 
 However, not all the students had smiling faces as they left the hall, there were some who didn't feel the same way. 
 "Hey, would you move," A student said as he accidentally bumped into Quinn on his way out. 
 "What was wrong with that guy?" Another student said. 
 Not moving from his spot, Quinn hadn't moved but he wasn't the only one who had remained motionless. After hearing the final name that had been called out, the whole group was shocked at what they had heard. For the final name was Erin. 
 As Logan waited outside he realised the others hadn't come out with him, so he took a bite of his sandwich, before he said, "Guys, come on, we need to start our plan straight away. I know this is a shock, but that doesn't stop us from the original plan, instead of saving one, now we just need to save two." 
 With Logan's words, the group quickly snapped out of it, and started to make their way out of the assembly hall with everyone else. Worrying about it or thinking why Erin was chosen wasn't going to do them any good. The more time wasted, the less likely the plan would work. 
 The students who had been called all had gone to the front of the stage, wondering what was going on. Peter was also upfront, but his expression hadn't changed much. He was informed of what was going to happen, and wasn't worried about it, he trusted his master, Quinn. 
 He would just do everything his master had told him to do, and everything would work out fine. 
 Erin, on the other hand, was panicking, her whole head was slightly swirling. 'They picked, me but why? Aren't I one of the top students? They would never pick a student as good as me right?' She thought to herself. 
 But the realisation had hit her, and her mask was starting to crumble away. The thoughts and memories she had kept within were starting to surface. 
 A few days ago, inside the second years head office, Duke had been given a bunch of files that matched the criteria they were looking for. That's when they stumbled upon Erin's file. 
 "Now this is interesting." He said. Erin was a level five student, and she also had quite an expensive ability too. She wasn't an original but the ice element ability was expensive to get a hold of, especially at level five so Duke wondered why she had been selected. 
 After reading the file everything started to make sense. Her family worked under one of the big four, and they had established a shelter on one of the orange portal planets. Because of the risk involved, the family had paid them well and had gained quite the status. 
 A few years had gone by and it looked like the exploration of the planet was nearly over. It was the main task that had been given to her family. They had done a good job getting rid of the few advanced tier beast that lived on the place. 
 Erin was eventually sent back to earth to finish her normal school education. She went to a good private school as her parents could afford it, and even bought her a strong ability, it was an opportunity which they never had. 
 The exploration of the planet had been completed, and Erin had gone back over the summer to celebrate with her parents. At last, they had moved up high enough in the family's ranks to obtain a place back on earth. 
 But on that fated day a Dalki ship had invaded the planet, the Dalki came and attacked. Seeing her family and friends raise up their weapons to fight, she wanted to help too. But before she could even join in the fight her father had stopped her. 
 "No Erin, you are not strong enough yet, now get out of here!" He screamed. 
 "But I can help!" Erin cried. "Just let me help you!" 
 "Look, I didn't want to say this, but you're weak. You will only get in our way!" 
 And at that moment, she witnessed her father being stabbed through the chest. As she stood there frozen, an old friend of her fathers managed to grab her and run away. 
 Her family did their best to protect all the civilians on the planet and even other factions that they once squabbled with over territory had come to help, but it wasn't enough, and all they could do was wait for help to arrive. At this point, nearly everybody that could fight had died. All of this havoc had been created by only two Dalki. However, the defenders had managed to kill one of them, but the other still remained alive. 
 The remaining Dalki had set its eyes on the emergency shelter, but just as it was about to attack, help had arrived. A female dressed in pure sparkling white came through the portal, and Erin saw her pass by. She fought against the Dalki on her own and was able to go toe to toe with it. The swordsmanship that had been displayed was light and silent. It was as if her feet never even touched the floor. 
 She would continuously parry the Dalki's attacks while dishing out attacks of her own in between, until eventually, she defeated it, and the Dalki had died. 
 Erin cried a lot that day, her tears wouldn't stop coming, she cried for all the people that had been lost. The women who had defeated the Dalki walked up to Erin, but unlike what the others thought should be said to a child, she didn't give any words of comfort to Erin, but only gave her the harsh truth. 
 "If you never want to see your family or friends die again, then you have to become stronger. You have to be the best, so nobody can take anything away from you. Because your tears won't bring your family and friends back." 
 And that was the last time Erin had seen her family or the strange female warrior. 
 She had been selected because she no longer had the backing her family once had. With everyone gone she had been sent a token gesture of money from one of the big four, just enough for her to live off of for the rest of her life, but the political protection their family had was now gone. 
 But what was the use? Money couldn't bring back the dead. The only thing that remained in her mind from that day were the words spoken to her by that strange woman. She would become the best! 
 Erin had chosen to live by those words that day and whenever she felt tired or wanted to give up, that same memory would come back to her. She needed proof that what she was doing was working. 
 She thought she had gotten better but the day they had met the Dalki once again, she had frozen in place and the only thing she could do was run. 
 Right now though, she was being led together with the others to a certain room, everything she had worked for up to this point, was all going to be taken away. 
 Following closely behind the row of students, was the mechanical spider Logan had sent after them. Right now Logan had returned to his room and he was monitoring the direction of the spider. He could see where they were heading and would be able to inform the others of what needed to be done. 
 He was also looking at a 3D map of the whole school. On it, there were several different indicators, each one being a different person from their group. The spider and Peter were different colours for clarity's sake. 
 "Okay, Fex. It looks like they're heading for one of the meeting rooms located on the second floor on the west side. Layla, you stay close behind him. Once you turn and reach the end of the corridor stay, and wait in position. The two guards are sticking to Jack like glue. 
 "When Quinn and Vorden are ready, and I give the command then you guys will move out. Understood everyone?" 
 "Understood." They replied. 
 Jack had entered the meeting room, and the eight students were following him in, one by one they entered the room. One of his guards had also entered the room with them while the other stayed outside, standing guard at the door. 
 Quinn and Vorden were at one side of the corridor, while Fex and Layla were at the other side patiently waiting for Logan's order. 
 'Alright Raten," Vorden said. 'Looks like you're up.' 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 202 Falling asleep 
 The eight students were all lined up in one row in the meeting space. They stood straight, nervous all the while thinking just why they had been chosen to meet with Jack Truedream. Concurrently, Erin was doing everything to keep her cool. 
 As she looked towards her left, she could see Peter standing calmly beside her. Of course, he didn't have to worry about anything since his powers wouldn't be taken away. However, it was different for her. Constantly moving her head around the room, she was trying to see if there was any way for her to get out. 
 Although none of them was planning to sit down, there was a chair behind each of the eight students. Perhaps, they would be asked to sit the further they stayed inside the room. 
 It was a small meeting room that was used for one-on-one consultations. Currently, the students were standing in the centre while Jack was standing just in front of the desk with a single chair. Lingering by his side was the small guard dressed in a green armour. 
 As of the moment, the main problem for the escape was the large sentry guarding outside. Erin knew that the others were planning to try to get Peter out of this situation. For the sole reason that they had to, if they wanted to keep their matter with Quinn a secret. But now she wished she had stayed in the meeting room, so she would know what their plans were. 
 Maybe she could have even helped. 
 "Now, you might be wondering why you have all been brought here, in front of me, today," Said Jack. "It seems like, either one way or another, you have been all suspected of a dangerous crime. Though I have no knowledge what that crime is. Perchance, a part of a secret terrorist group or maybe plotting to go against the military. However, it is not my job to find that out because that's the school's responsibility." 
 Halting his speech, Jack slammed his hand on the table to inculcate the gravity of the situation to the students. He resumed his talk once he was done. 
 "The punishment that has been handed to you is to have your abilities taken away." 
 As soon as Jack said those words, a couple of students dropped to their knees, complaining, "But, I didn't do anything, this can't be right?" 
 Some of them cried while one student, who was closest to the exit, made a dash for it. Before he had even taken a few steps, he felt a stinging pain on the back of his neck. At that point, his head started to swirl and his vision slowly began to fade, until he sudennly collapsed on the floor. 
 "Oh my gosh! Is he dead?!" A student cried. 
 The others were unable to see it because of how fast everything had happened, but Erin had seen it all. The green guard had taken out what looked like a small needle and swirled it inside his mouth with his tongue. Now, laced with a tiny amount of what looked like green liquid, it was catapulted right at the student's nape. 
 "I hope nobody else tries that again," Jack said. "This process is meant to be quick and painless. Now, please sit down on the seats behind you. I don't want there to be any more accidents." 
 Each of the students did as they were told. They carefully watched the guard lift the student who was passed-out onto one of the empty chairs. 
 This was the deal-breaker for Erin. She had to do something otherwise she would lose her ability forever. 
 Hence, with a resolute countenance, she faced Jack and uttered, "But, we really didn't do anything sir," Erin said. "If you do this, people will find o about your made-up lies, we can just tell everyone the truth!" 
 "Oh, don't you worry about that, for once I take your abilities away, you shall all pay a special visit to the dungeon. The school will then report to the rest - what was it that you said? Right, made up lies. The most common one and accepted is usually you were all working for Pure. With that, the students' curiosity will disappear and with it, your existences." 
 The green armoured guard from earlier then started to walk over to the students. Erin was second to last along the row while Peter was sitting at the very end. 
 The guard had prepared some green liquid that was placed in some type of vial. He proceeded to place the liquid on the tip of his finger. Using his index, he would place it down right between the eyebrows, just above the nose, of the students. 
 Then, after a few seconds, the student would fall asleep. " A sleeping ability?" Erin mumbled. 
 "Ding ding ding, like I said, I'm not a monster. Although, by the time that you guys wake up, you will already be in the dungeon." 
 The guard had gone through the other students and it was finally Erin's turn. For a while now, she had been fumbling with something behind her back, waiting for Jack to get close, but he never did. He always stayed at a distance away. 
 When the guard went to place his finger on her head, she immediately swung out her arm, aiming for his temple. In her hand was a small dagger that had been formed from ice. 
 She knew the guard was strong and fast, but a blow with a sharp object would be able to take down most people no matter who they were. 
 To her dismay, the guard didn't react at all. He continued with his task, placing his finger on her forehead. Nevertheless, just before the dagger reached his head, with his other hand, he had grabbed it and crushed it to pieces. The speed was too fast, so she had never thought that it was possible to block an attack that close, unless one had a speed ability. 
 Still, she was sure that he was the one who had produced the sleeping agent - It was most likely from his blood. Which was why he had pricked the needle against his tongue. It was impossible for someone to have two abilities unless they were unlike Vorden. 
 This solely meant one thing. The beast gear he was wearing was at such a high level, it was able to boost the user's stats to the point where they no longer seemed human. 
 Accordingly, she was not able to resist, and a few seconds later, she was asleep like all the others. 
 Finally, it came to Peter's turn. Willingly, before the man had even placed his finger on his forehead, he had closed his eyes. He knew that just looking at these people would annoy him, but he needed to follow his Master Quinn's order. 
 Hence, he decided to keep them shut for now. Once the green liquid was placed on his head, all the students were ready. 
 Jack then looked at the green guard and cleared his throat out loud, signalling for the guard to leave. 
 "As you wish, sir." He said as he bowed down and left the room. 
 Now, standing outside as guard-on-duties, just by the door, were the two guards. 
 "Did he make you leave again." The large guard asked. 
 "Yeah, I don't know why. We all know how his ability works." The green man replied. 
 The mechanical spider remained inside the room while Peter's watch recorded everything. Logan was unsure whether the second guard would ever leave the room. Yet, for some reason, it seemed like Jack had asked him too. 
 This would make their job easier, but they had to act now. 
 "Everyone, go. Both guards are outside and only Mr Trudream and the students are inside!" 
 *** 
 Want another mass release? Then, remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 203 Stolen Abilities 
 The group outside had recived the message from Logan to proceed. The first ones to make a move would be Fex and Layla and they had been on standby by waiting. 
 Right behind the two of them, were two random first-year students who had been brought along. These students were the same ones were form Fex's room, his roommates. 
 If it was anyone else being put in this situation, Fex probably would have felt guilty about what he was trying to make them do. But they were the ones who had attacked him first for no reason. So he couldn't think of any two more guilty to use. 
 When looking at their eyes, a slight tint of red could be seen. They starter to glow slightly stronger as Fex faced them and gave them a command. 
 A few seconds later and they were on the move. The two students turned the corner and started to bump into each other on the way. While this was happening, Fex would peak around the corner and twiddle his fingers away. 
 Eventually, the bumps turned into shoves as they continued their stride. 
 "Hey, what are you two doing? Get out of here!" The larger guard said. 
 But his words were useless as the two now were starting to shove each other stronger than before. Although it seemed a bit strange as there was no speech involved while performing these actions. 
 This was the limit to Fex's mind control. The more complex the instructions, the more likely the spell to break and fail. 
 The shoving had turned into a full blown fist fight. While doing so, they would inch their way closer to the two guards. 
 "If you guys don't scram out of here, my foot going to be shoved right into your backside!" The guard shouted this time. 
 They continued to ignore the guard's words, but it was more like they couldn't hear. Their mind was consumed with the last commend made by Fex. 
 Arms and legs were swinging out as the two continued to fight. Right now Fex was dwindling his fingers away faster than before, concentrating while the sweat ran down his forehead. 
 Controlling one person's set of movements with the strings was easy, but coordinating two and making it look realistic was tough. 
 He had attached strings to both of the students and given them the command to remain motionless so everything they were doing right now was down to him. 
 While everything was happening, Layla was to keep guard, making sure no one came down the hallway and saw them. 
 Now the two were fighting incredibly close, and Fex had to just pull one of his strings ever so slightly, causing an elbow to hit the large guard in the middle of his stomach. 
 "Huh, did it not hit, but I'm sure it did?" Fex was slightly confused. "He tugged on the string again, a little bit harder this time, elbowing the guard in the stomach again. Still, there was no reaction. 
 Although the elbow had hit the large man there seemed to be no reaction whatsoever. This was because of the heavy armour the man was wearing. 
 However, even though the attack didn't hurt, the rage on his face showed his anger. "You two!" 
 "It's time for them to get out of there." Pulling the strings back Fex started to dash down the hallway, the students began to imitate Fex's movements and ran off as well, following his direction. 
 The large guard followed them but was quite slow with his heavy gear. It seemed like one of the attributes it gave was not speed. Some users would choose to focus on a set of beast armour that specialised in one area. They would do this to make up what they were lacking for, or to strengthen their strengths. 
 Layla watched the two students turn the corner and were now running down the same hallway as Fex was running down just moments ago. Which meant soon the large guard would turn the corner too. 
 Next to her was a door leading to a classroom. 
 It was a Sunday, and nearly all the classrooms were empty as the staff, and most of the students had a day off. 
 "Oh, no." With nothing else to do, she went for the closest room, opening the door and stepping inside. She took a deep breath and held it in. 
 The sound of the large guard's footsteps could be heard, as he ran around the corner and continued to chase the two students. 
 Once the footsteps could no longer be heard, she stepped out of the room again. 
 As she turned to look around the corner, she noticed there was still another problem. The second guard was still standing outside. As long as he was there, Vorden and Quinn wouldn't be able to get inside. 
 She looked around to see if there was anything she could do, the only thing she could see was a plant pot down the hallway. Lifting it with her telekinesis ability, she started to levitate it in the air and floated it across the hall towards the green guard. 
 The guard spotted it floating about slowly coming towards him, but he remained there still. When the pot was finally in front of his face, he lashed out smashing it and allowing it to drop to the floor. Yet he still hadn't moved from his position. 
 "Looks like I'm just going to have to kick his arse!" Raten said. 
 "No Vorden, this whole plan, we need you to cause the biggest distraction inside, you know that." Quinn said. "leave this guy to me." 
 **** 
 Inside the meeting room, Jack was preparing himself. He straightened up his tie on his suit and then liked around his lips, making sure they weren't too dry. 
 "This is the worst part," Jack said. He walked up to the first student and bent down, so the two were at eye level. 
 His head was now right next to the students. Grabbing the person by the head, he pulled it forward, pressing his lips against theirs. Suddenly, Jack could feel the energy, move from around the whole student's body start to enter into his own. 
 About thirty seconds had passed before Jack had removed his lips form the students. He then spat on the ground and wiped his lips with the sleeve of his shirt. 
 "Damn it, why did my ability have to work in such a way!" Jack said, annoyed. The only way Jack was able to take the ability of another, was to forcefully drain it from inside their mouths. He had tried and tested multiple ways, but some reason this was the only way that worked. 
 Some of the stronger abilities seemed to have certain restrictions. Similar to Vorden who had to touch the other user, and how it would only last up to twenty-four hours. 
 Still, there was nothing he could do about it, so he continued to go down the line pressing his lips against each student draining their abilities. After each ability had been drained,, he could feel them lingering around inside his belly. Each of the forces were like little flames all a different from another. 
 Finally, he had reached Erin. "Now, here is someone I don't mind pressing my lips against," Jack said as he looked at Erin's delicate face and realised she was a true beauty. It was a shame she was still young; otherwise, he would have taken her back with him. 
 The energy flowed through Erin's body and slowly entered into Jack's. While doing so, a slightly cold sensation was felt inside. When he removed his lips from her, an icy breath was seen. 
 Her ability had been taken, and it now remained inside of Jack. 
 Now there was only one student who remained, and that was Peter. As Jack looked at him, he released that Peter wasn't an attractive sight at all. His face was sunken in, and he looked dehydrated almost like he was already dead. 
 In fact, if he didn't see him moving earlier, he would have thought he was dead. "Alright last one." Jack then moved his face closer to Peter, he closed his eyes as he went to press his lips. 
 "What the hell do you think you're doing?" Peter said… 
 His eyes were wide open, and he was staring Jack right in front of his face. 
 "You're awake, but how? I saw him use the sleeping agent on you!" Jack shouted as he pulled back away. He was panicking as he quickly went to go hide behind the desk. 
 "Kenny! Get in here right now, one of them is awake!" Jack shouted, he was panicking, frightened. A situation like this had never happened before. 
 Just as Kenny turned to open the door, a shadow raised up from underneath blocking his path. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 204 Saving 
 A Strange shadow had risen from the bottom of the door. Now it had completely covered it. A few seconds had passed, and it looked like some type of shadow hand had formed, reaching out to the Kenny, the guard in green beast gear. He quickly reacted taking a few steps back, not allowing the hand to touch him. 
 He had never seen anything like it before, so he made sure to be cautious. It was a phenomenon unknown to him, so first he needed to find out what it did, before he could act accordingly. He took a single needle and swirled it around in his mouth before throwing it towards the shadow, but when the needle hit, strangely enough, there seemed to be no reaction at all. 
 "What is this thing, is it some kind of ability?" This was not good, judging by the screams inside it was clear that one of the students was still awake, if they were using their ability right now, it could be the end of the Truedream family. 
 Of course it was Quinn, he had used his shadow cloak ability to sneak up to the remaining guard in the hallway, and when he heard Jack Truedream screaming for help, he had decided to distract the guard, to give Vorden a chance to sneak into the room and take care of Jack. When he started his shadow control ability, he had to drop his shadow cloak, so the guard was going to notice him any second now. 
 The guard started to look around to see if there was any other way into the room and that's when he spotted someone. A man dressed in all black suit of armour, wearing a demon mask covering his face. Even the top of his head was covered showing him the jagged white mechanical eyes of the suit. 
 "Is it you?" The guard said. He knew he had to get inside quickly, because of the main weakness his boss had. Which was that he couldn't use the abilities he took from others, he was only able to give them to other people. So at the moment, he was defenceless without his guards. 
 Quinn said nothing in response and started to dash forward, bringing the shadow from the door back to him, it was now hovering above him. The guard saw this, and immediately threw several needles but the shadow managed to block them all. 
 Quinn quickly moved to the side and pulled the shadow in close to him. Allowing the needless to pass through and continue down the hallway. 
 "Damn it, this is the problem going up against an original!" The guard was right. One of the main advantages one would have in a fight was knowing the ability of the other. Using the information Logan had given him, and his inspect skill. Quinn knew he couldn't chance getting hit by those needles. 
 He wasn't sure if his suit was strong enough to block them, so he would keep the shadow close to himself for protection. 
 When the guard saw that his needles were ineffective, he quickly pulled out his dagger, he was waiting for Quinn to get close. However, when they were around nine meters apart, Quinn jumped into the air spinning his body and then threw out a kick from the side. 
 [Blood crescent kick] 
 A large crescent shape line of red aura came out strong and fast. The man had never expected this, he thought because the shadow was only used for defence so far, it would now be used for an attack, so he was keeping a keen eye on the shadow's movements. But instead, it looked like his opponent was using a completely different ability. 
 He could do nothing but take the attack head-on, when the aura was directly in front of him he struck at the red aura, which then shattered and disappeared. 
 Quinn stood still for a moment. His new skill was one of his strongest attacks when comparing it to others. The only one stronger has his Blood Hammer. Still, the person in front of him was easily able to shatter it with his weapon, and there didn't seem to be a chip or anything on it. 
 Right now Quinn had to be incredibly cautious if he was to get out of here alive. 
 What he didn't know was, that at the same time the guard in green gear was having similar thoughts. 
 'What was that attack? It was so powerful?' He thought. 
 His hand was feeling numb from the impact of the blow, and it had taken a decent amount of strength for him to shatter that red aura. 
 "Who are you, you should know who we are, why are you attacking?" The guard tried to distract Quinn. 
 Quinn spoke into the mask which gave him an altered deep electronic voice. "We know what you have been doing. We from Pure have been following your actions for a while now. We're here to save those kids from you!" Quinn said. 
 Right now he was improvising on the spot, and Logan was helping him with what to say. The reason why Logan thought this would be their best option was so they wouldn't run an investigation on those closest to the kids. 
 In a way, it was true that Pure had informed them of Mr. Truedream's plans, but they weren't the only ones taking action. Knowing this they were less likely to think someone associated with the kids were trying to save them. 
 'Come on Vorden, hurry up.' Quinn thought. 
 While Quinn was busy dealing with the guard Vorden had snuck past and entered the room. Or rather it was Raten who was in control now. He was using an invisibility ability he took earlier, making it so he couldn't be seen. 
 As he entered the room, he saw the students slumped over in their chairs and Jack hiding behind the desk, while Peter was in front of him just looking at him. 
 "Go away, or you will regret this!" Jack shouted. 
 "Are you threatening me?" Peter asked, and for the first time, a slight smile appeared on his face. "You know if it wasn't for my master's orders you would be dead by now." 
 "I knew you were working for someone, tell me who it is and I'll spare you," Jack said his voice still feeling a little shaky. 
 Suddenly, Logan had an urgent message, "guys the guard chasing Fex has given up, and is now on his way back, you have to grab them and get out of there now! " 
 Raten then went to the corner of the room where one of the wooden shelves was displayed and activated his fire ability setting the whole thing alive with fire. 
 "Peter Grab, Erin and get out of here, Quinn's orders!" Raten shouted. 
 Peter did as he was told and picking up Erin quickly ran out of the room. But before Raten left he stared at Jack. 
 "Raten what are you doing I said not to touch him?" Vorden said "You know we don't have a clue about how his ability works, if it's like ours and we touch him, we might even lose our own. And then we would be defenceless. Maybe Erin's ability was taken but if ours gets stolen as well, we would become useless. 
 "I wasn't going to suggest that," Raten said. "I think we should kill him here and now. Then that way he will no longer be a problem." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? 
 Then remember to vote using your stones below! 
 Stone goals are in the author's notes. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 205 Result of no Truedream 
 MVS 205 
 The room was slowly heating up as the flame started to spread from one piece of furniture to the next. Soon the entire room would be engulfed. 
 Peter had already left the room carrying Erin over his shoulder. He followed Logan's instruction telling him where to go making sure to avoid the hallway where Quinn and Kenny were fighting right now. The directions he was giving them were to his own room. Right now, it was the safest place he could think of. 
 Unlike the other rooms that had routine check-ups now and then, Logan's room was different. It was off limits most of the time. This was a special request he made because of the number of different inventions he contained in there. Afraid at any point and time someone would come in and possibly take on of his ideas for profit. 
 At this point, the smoke had hit the detectors above, and the sprinklers had been activated. However, the flames were too strong to completely get rid of the fire. It could only slow them down for now. 
 Looking around the room, Jack before could only see the students who were asleep in their chairs and was wondering what had caused the fire. However, when the sprinklers had turned on, the drops of water bouncing off Raten formed a slight outline to be seen. 
 Raten had currently had not only the abilities of fire, but of invisibility as well. 
 The strange shape that Jack could see was standing right in front of him, if it wasn't for this, he would have made a dash for the door. 
 Raten had made the suggestion to kill Jack, but Vorden knew this wasn't an option. The simple reason was the balance of the current world right now. If Truedream were to die, it would go back to what it was like straight after the war. 
 When the war had ended, Earth was a mess. Ruined cities, the low population of animals and a lot of the land had sunken into the sea. The whole human race had been struck with poverty. Only there was a big difference now, they had powers. 
 This caused more infighting to happen than ever, and there was no control put in place. Eventually, the rise of the three families had come to create some type of order. But the relationship between the three of them wasn't the best either, and the fighting continued. 
 The military had power, but they weren't strong enough. They would have many people switching sides between them and the three families. That's why when Truedream had come to them seeking support, it was a blessing. It was someone the military could use to keep everyone in place, and it was why the current system had been put in the first place. 
 If Truedream was to be taken out of the picture, the military power would weaken, and the power balance would be upset, leading to another civil war. But that wasn't what worried Vorden the most. Civil wars happened, and in the end, there would often be a result. 
 The problem was if the Dalki was to see this. If the humans were fighting each other, they would come to invade as soon as possible. 
 For the sake of the current human race, Truedream was someone who needed to live, no matter how evil of a person he was. 
 Vorden tried his best to explain this to Raten, but right now he didn't care he was in charge. 
 "I disagree," Raten said. "If the human race can't survive without one person, then maybe we shouldn't be alive in the first place." Raten had set his hand ablaze and threw a punch right towards Jack. 
 All Jack could see right now was a floating arm of fire. He tried his best to move out of the way, but the attack was clearly too fast. 
 As his hand full of flames was about to hit, a slight reflection could be seen in front of Jack. "What the…" His hand had touched the reflection, and it felt like he was hitting a solid wall. A mysterious force then moved from the point where he had hit, and it seemed to bounce off right back at Raten. 
 "Hugo?" Jack said. As he turned his head, the large guard, wielding the two-handed axe had entered the room. "Well, we know someone is getting a raise." 
 "Damn!" With nothing else left to do, Raten quickly headed for the corridor. He didn't know Hugo's ability nor how strong he was. He loved fighting but wasn't crazy enough not to know when his chances were against him. 
 "Hugo the door!" Jack screamed. 
 Hugo held out his hand, and another reflection appeared just in front of the door. But it was too late. Jack could see the figure moving through the sprinklers water, and it was clear it was no longer in the room with them. 
 "Damn it! You were too slow, forget about that Raise let's get out of here." 
 As Raten ran down the hallway, he could see Quinn was still busy dealing with the green guard Kenny. "I'm leaving!" He shouted. 
 And that was the signal for Quinn to disappear as well. Using his shadow cloak skill, Suddenly he had disappeared right in front of Kenny's eyes. A few seconds later and Jack and Kenny had immediately come out of the room. 
 "Where the hell are they, find them now, and find that girl and boy. I want them both dead you here me!" Jack shouted. 
 Instead of listening to Jack's words though, Kenny immediately ran back into the room they had exited from. He ignored both Jack and Hugo. The fire was still burning in the room, and the students were still asleep under his abilities effect. He lifted two of them on each shoulder and took them out of the room, placing them on the ground gently. 
 He then did the same with the other four, and eventually, guards had arrived to help extinguish the fire. 
 Jack then walked up to Kenny, he lifted his hand and whacked him across the face giving him a big slap. "Did I say to save those students lives, you let them getaway. If you don't have any information or good news, you know what will happen to you." 
 While looking at the kids all safe out of the room, Kenny had a smile on his face. Although Jack was unable to see this due to the mask covering his mouth. "Sir, it seems like there were a few of them. I'm not sure how many but there were at least two of them. They claimed to be from Pure and were trying to save the kids." 
 "Pure, they've been tailing me for months but never acted out, this is a first for them. I thought I was safe here, so I didn't bring anything with me. We'll head back for now, I can't risk staying here any longer." Said Jack. "But before we go, send a report to Duke. They want to save the kids that badly, well I won't let them have their way. If Duke is to find either of those two students, they are to be sent to me immediately, you understand you two!" 
 "Yes, sir!" They both said. 
 As the three of them walked off, Logan's mechanical spider had done the same. It had also listened to all the words that had been spoken form Jack's mouth. 
 After a few minutes, everyone had entered and returned to Logan's room. Vorden, Peter, Layla, Fex, Quinn and Erin where all inside but Erin was lying on the bed still under the sleeping spell. 
 "We did it!" Layla shouted. "I can't believe we really got them two out of there." 
 "Man, that big guy was scary," Fex said. "For a second I thought he wasn't going to give up and he moved pretty quick for a big guy." 
 "I wouldn't celebrate just yet guys," Logan said. "It seems like we have a problem." 
 Logan then played the recording of the mechanical spider. It stated that Truedream would order the school to bring Erin and Peter back even if they were found. 
 They had hoped claiming they were from Pure perhaps Jack, would let the whole matter go and aim his anger at them, but it seemed to have the opposite effect. 
 "So what are you saying, Logan?" Vorden asked. "That we have to hide both Erin and Peter forever. We can't do that in the military base, that's just not possible, sooner or later will slip up." 
 The group remained silent as each one thought about what to do. So far, they had always managed to come up with a plan to get out of this one. 
 It wasn't like they didn't think this could happen, but the problem was they had concentrated so much in saving their two friends, they didn't think about what to do after. 
 Of course, the school wouldn't just let them go. They knew the truth about Jack, so the best-case scenario was for them to end up in the dungeon, but now probably something even worse would happen to them if they were found out. Quinn's secret was kept but at what cost? 
 The anger of the big four. The loss of Erin's ability. 
 As Layla looked around the room, she could see everyone had a look of defeat on their face. Even the genius Logan hadn't come up with a solution. She then looked at Erin, who was sleeping away, her dear friend who had looked out for her this whole time. Although Erin might not have seen her as a friend, Layla did. She couldn't let Jack get her hands on her. 
 There was only one thing she could think of to get them out of this. 
 "Guy's, I have a solution, but…please I just don't want you to hate me after this." Layla said. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below! The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 206 Pure be with you 
 Layla's hands were visibly shaking and her legs were starting to feel weak, beginning to wobble. Her heart was pounding vigorously and the beating sounds were so loud that she couldn't even hear her own voice. 
 'Is this really the right thing to do?' She thought, but she had already articulated those words. Right now, all attention was focused on her. 
 "Why would we hate on you, Layla?" Quinn said. "If you have anything that can help us get out of this situation, then it will be fine." 
 Layla looked at Erin on the bed one more time, contemplating, 'If it's them they'll understand.' 
 Upon coming to a decision, she opted to tell the others about her circumstances. 
 "I know a place, one where a group of people that will be able to keep her safe from all of this is located." She paused for a moment before saying the last words. "I'm from Pure. I was the one who wrote that letter." 
 "I knew it!" Vorden shouted. "Of course, she was hiding something. Why else would she willingly help and accept the truth of your identity? They probably wanted to use you for some reasons." 
 "That's not true!" Layla snapped back." They don't even know about Quinn. I didn't ask for this! I didn't ask for any of this." Layla said as tears started to run down her face. 
 Quinn then intervened, placing himself in between Layla and Vorden. Observing the situation, it seemed like Vorden was going to lash out at her any second if someone didn't interfere soon. He proceeded to lead her over to the bed and sat her down next to Erin. 
 "Sorry guys, but can someone explain to me what or who Pure is?" Fex said, bearing a confused look on his face, as he stood in the corner of the room. 
 "I'm glad you asked," Logan said, spinning his chair around to procure a file. Then, he opened it while uttering, "I had prepared for this after I saw Layla dropping off the note in the morning." 
 "You knew?" Vorden said, surprised. "Why didn't you tell us?" 
 "Was it important to the mission?" Logan replied. "Regardless if she was part of Pure or not, it was thanks to her information that we were able to get those two out of there. True, she might have an ulterior motive, but why would she reveal herself now? There is no need to unless she truly wishes to help." 
 Although Logan knew there was truth in his words, he couldn't help but think of the fact that she had kept it as a secret for this long. It was contrary to Quinn's prompt revelation that he was a vampire. Something just didn't feel right about that and the things he had heard about Pure weren't the best. 
 In an instant, a projection was seen playing a myriad of different videos. It was mostly of people wearing a type of mask that covered their whole face - All with a figure of an angel that looked like it had its wings removed. It was the mark of Pure. 
 In the video, it showed multiple explosions as attacks on certain buildings and different factions were being conducted. It wasn't a pretty sight at all. 
 "Let me warn all of you. What you are seeing now is pretty biased. The only information I can get of them is filtered through the military. However, nearly everyone knows of the basics. Pure has only one goal - To get rid of all abilities. They believe that the world and the system currently in place is wrong. Even before abilities were introduced, there were many who complained about the gap between the rich and the poor. However, they feel like now, even the basic human rights don't exist to those with weaker abilities." Logan explained. 
 "Which is pretty stupid, if you ask me," Vorden said. "It was only thanks to those with abilities that we were able to battle the Dalki. If we get rid of them, what do they want us to do? There are only a few people who would be able to kill beasts without the use of abilities in the first place. To then later make equipment to fight them. That is unless you're not human, of course." 
 These reasons were why Vorden was so suspicious of Layla. It made sense to him - There exists a stronger being that didn't rely on abilities. Although even the vampires had different levels, Vorden wouldn't put it past Pure to not think ahead. 
 "Wait, there is something that I don't understand," Fex said. "If Pure is a group of people who hate abilities and Layla is one of them, then why does she have an ability?" 
 They soon released that Fex's words were true. it was a bit hypocritical of a group who hated abilities to have people within the place with them. 
 Everyone then turned to look at Layla as they coveted to hear the answer. 
 "I didn't mean to deceive any of you. My situation here is quite complicated." Layla began to reason out. "As Logan explained, you all know what our goal is. As of the moment, the world is in balance, but the main culprit of the system in place is with the military. However, the only reason they can enforce the rules is because of Truedream. At the same time, Turedream is a blessing for Pure. For he's the only person that can take anyone's ability away." 
 Layla sighed after her lengthy explanation as she gazed one each and every one of her comrades, continuing her speech once a few seconds had passed. 
 "Trudream often visited this military base. We have agents stationed at every base so far, but only at this one did they never come back. Accordingly, they wanted a student to infiltrate it." 
 "And they sent a kid?" Vorden explained. "Seems like a good place to send Erin then, doesn't it?" 
 "I volunteered!" Layla shouted, yet her eye slightly twitched when she said those words. Because the truth was she didn't volunteer for this mission, but her mother offered her own daughter for her own benefit. "Look, this isn't about me and Pure. This matter is about Erin. Right now, she doesn't have an ability, Trudream has been known for doing this to people and we've taken them in, though we still looked out for them. We will do the same for Erin." 
 Vorden then dragged Quinn towards the side and whispered in his ear. "You're not really considering this, are you? For Erin and Peter to go over to Pure?" 
 Quinn was struggling in arriving at a conclusion. He was pretty sure that Layla meant no harm, yet putting his friends in the hand of strangers and sending Peter would be a huge risk. His evil nature, without Quinn by his side, would take over. Moreover, if they ever find out who he was, it would be no better than the school finding it out. 
 Nevertheless, it was different with Erin. Henceforth, Quinn shifted his stare towards Logan, asking, "Logan, don't you have everything recorded? Can't we just use that as blackmail against Truedream? Spread it on the internet or something." 
 "Impossible," Logan replied without delay. "You remember the reports I brought up earlier? It's clear that the military has a monopoly on what can be seen and what cannot. It would be taken down in an instant, and no one would want to host such a thing. They would be going up against two powerhouses. No one has the power to go up against them. I'm sorry but I wouldn't even want to risk the safety of my family by angering them." 
 When Logan enlightened the actuality, Vorden started to think about his own family. If it was them they could do something about it. The sole problem was that he wasn't on good terms with them at all. No one in his family would listen to him, much more do him a favour - It wasn't the Blade's family way. 
 It was why he had never considered it an option in the first place. 
 "I think we have no other choice," Quinn said. "For Erin, the best thing for her will be to go over to Pure. The two of them are close and if Layla wanted to hurt any of us, the last person she would hurt would be Erin." 
 "Wait! Only Erin?" Layla inquired. "But what about Peter? he can come to." 
 Quinn shook his head as he looked at Peter. 
 "He can't, and Vorden and Fex probably already know the reason why," Quinn explained. "Peter has changed, Layla. If he isn't next to me, then there's no telling what he would do." 
 Layla then looked at Peter. Although his physical appearance had changed a little, she hadn't been around him lately to notice any further changes. Still, when she looked into his eyes, she noticed that they were lifeless. 
 "Okay, so Erin goes to Pure," Vorden stated. "What about Peter?" 
 Quinn's mind had already been muddled as he tried to think of solutions, but at that moment, he was out of ideas. The only thing they could do was to hide him for as long as possible or they could opt to utilize Vorden's favourite suggestion. 
 "Quinn we could always..." 
 "Don't say it Vorden" Quinn cut him off shortly before had finished his sentence. knowing very well what Vorden was going to suggest. 
 "I believe I have a solution to your problem with Peter." The system said. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below! The stone goal is in the author's note below. 
 MVS artwork check out Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 207 A new ability 
 Just when Quinn was in the middle of contemplating what to do with Peter. It seemed like the system had an answer. Although, whenever the System seemed to chime in, it was never usually straight-up good news, so he was a little nervous. 
 "What do you mean you have an idea for Peter?" Quinn asked. 
 "The main issue right now is the fact that your faces cannot appear in the school anymore. At the same time, Peter won't be able to leave the military base due to the fear of him running wild. But we have one solution available for Peter that will solve both of these problems." 
 The system explained. 
 Now, Quinn was waiting for the worrisome part. 
 "He can learn a transformation ability. Ever since you turned him... He lost his original powers and his body is now different from what it once was, meaning he can now learn another ability." 
 "But I thought you said we had to find a specific ability that could be learned for vampires. Just like mine with the shadow book. At the time not a single one reacted when I touched it only the shadow one did." Quinn asked. 
 "Perhaps I need to remind you once again. What I said was that there are certain abilities that only vampires can learn, and at the same time there are abilities that only humans can learn. However, there are also abilities that are in the middle, somewhere in between, and one of them is the transformation ability." 
 The transformation ability wasn't a popular ability with the general public. It gave the user nothing extra that could aid them in combat. 
 Therefore, it was looked down upon by a lot of the people. 
 Still, it did have its uses. 
 With the transformation ability, one could alter their face, and look like another. 
 This meant it was often used for infiltration or spying. The problem was whenever these people were discovered, they would nearly be killed in an instant due to the fact that transformation ability does not grant them any offensive capabilities at all, or even defensive. 
 "Why didn't you suggest this before?" Quinn asked. 
 "Before, I felt like it would be more beneficial for you to wait for a more powerful ability to pop up. One that would make you and Peter stronger. But right now, it's more important than anything at this moment that Peter wouldn't be caught." The system explained. 
 Quinn then explained to the others what his plan was with Peter. How he still hadn't learned an ability so he could still learn the transformation ability. Still, there was one problem with the whole thing and that relied on Logan. 
 Quinn needed Logan's help... Even if Peter could disguise himself — If he appeared as a new student the entire school would know, and he also couldn't pretend to be someone else since that would be too obvious. 
 "So what do you think Logan?" Quinn asked. "Will you be able to hack into the school system and add his ID." 
 "The problem isn't whether I can do it or not Quinn." Logan replied. "Obviously I can. That's like asking if a bee can make honey. The problem is making it all seem natural. Say there are five hundred first year students. Then one day suddenly there are five hundred and one students. The new kid turns up to class and everyone is just meant to accept it. It won't work." 
 Once again, the group were deep in thought. 
 "I have an idea," Vorden said. "When we went to the planet Caladi and the Dalki attacked us. Didn't they say they couldn't find three of the students' bodies." 
 "That's right," Layla replied. "They assumed they had died somewhere deep in the desert and their bodies eaten." 
 Hearing this started to bring back memories for Quinn. The truth was the Dalki hadn't killed them. It was him that killed them. Although no one knew about this fact yet. 
 "Well, once Peter learns the transformation ability, why don't we get him to look like one of those students. We can have him appear back near the portal and say he had gotten lost in the desert and had only come back now." Vorden asked. 
 "Now, that is big brain thinking." Logan said. He then hopped onto his computer and went over to the market place in search for a transformation ability book. It had to be one of a high level to be able to get the finer details right in the face structure. 
 It didn't take long for Logan to find one, due to how unpopular the skill. It seemed to be a level 5 skill which was perfect. It would be good enough for Peter to look nearly identical to one of the students and with Peter's mutant cells being slightly different it wouldn't show his real level on the watch anyway. 
 Only displaying the fake number Logan had inputted. 
 "Ability book purchased!" 
 "Hey, Logan... You didn't have to do that, I could have paid for it." Quinn said feeling bad at how much money Logan had spent on him now. 
 "Don't worry Quinn. I'm involved in this too now and if I didn't want to do it, I would have kicked you all out of this room. Besides who said I wasn't keeping a tab? I do have to warn you that I do charge quite the interest." Logan said. 
 It was hard for Quinn to tell whether Logan was joking about the whole thing or not. 
 When he said those words his expression never changed once. But Quinn would have liked to think he was cracking a joke, it was nice seeing Logan trying to fit in. But this was a different matter… Quinn also didn't want his wallet to take a hit. 
 After purchasing the book and imputing the code, it had arrived in only a few seconds right into Logan's room. 
 "It will probably take him a few weeks or so for him to learn it," Logan said. "For now he can stay in my room. Luckily he doesn't need any food or anything so as long as he stays here he'll be fine." 
 Quinn didn't like the idea of that. He could imagine either Peter accidentally touching one of Logan's prized possession and getting a laser beam shot through his chest. Or Logan would say something that caused Peter to snap. 
 "Let me try something," Quinn said as he walked over and grabbed the book himself. 
 [Level 5 Transformation Ability book obtained] 
 [Would you like to store the book?] 
 [No] 
 [Option to use the ability book on Family member (Peter)] 
 [Would you like to use?] 
 Although Peter didn't have a system ability Quinn had a feeling something like this might just work. His family was linked through the system. The system had also mentioned if Peter and Quinn were fighting near each other, Quinn would get the Exp for it. 
 So, it gave Quinn hope that just maybe something like this would work... 
 "Maybe we won't have to wait after all." Said Quin as he accepted the system's suggestion. 
 The book floated in the air and flew over to where Peter was. The pages turned and turned until it hit the very last one. Then the book started to disintegrate in front of everyone's eyes. 
 [Peter Chuck has successfully learned the ability (Transform)] 
 "Peter do you want to try transforming into me?" Quinn asked. 
 As a tester, Peter did just that and slowly his face started to reshape and reform into a second Quinn. It was nearly perfect. There wasn't enough of a difference for someone to notice using their eye. 
 The others watching were amazed by this. Logan was the only one in this room that had an idea of what just happened. While Vorden and Layla had put it down to vampire stuff they just didn't understand the specifics of what just occurred in front of them. 
 However, there was one other vampire in the room that had just seen Quinn do something that he had never seen another vampire do before. Just like humans, vampires usually had to take time to learn the abilities that they wanted to learn. Yet he had just witnessed, a vampire actually learned an ability in an instant. 
 'Just who are you Quinn?' Fex thought. 
 At that moment, groans could be heard in the room behind them all. As they turned around, it seemed that Erin was about to wake up. 
 It was now time to tell her, what her fate was going to be. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on Instagram : jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 208 Peter's change 
 On display inside the room were three different profiles being projected outward from Logan's computer. It was showing information about the three missing students from the Dalki attack. Since the transformation skill was at level five, Peter was only able to imitate a person's facial structure. 
 There wasn't anything he could do about a person's height or physical appearance. This also meant that he wouldn't be able to pretend to be a girl unless one had the same body type as his. Higher-level transformation ability would allow him to do this in the future but they weren't available on the market place. 
 Logan decided to look at the height details and images trying to select the best one that would suit Peter. 
 Out of the three, there were two that matched Peter the closest. Now when making a decision between which one, Logan opted for the one with less background information and with an ability they could pass off and wouldn't cause too much trouble. Their options were a wind user or the duplication user. In the end, ee decided to go for the duplication ability user. 
 it was the best option for them, Peter would no longer have to go to the elemental class and try to pretend to be able to use a certain type of ability. This would make Vorden's job a lot easier. And he would also be able to join Quinn's beast weapon class allowing him to keep a close eye. 
 Hearing this, Quinn wanted to protest the idea. Out of the three men from Ben's group that had attacked him in the desert that day. Two had died while one had lived. That was the same person they were suggesting Peter act as. 
 Quinn had left him in the desert after removing his memory, but he never came back nor did the search party find him. Perhaps while he was laid on the desert floor a beast really did come and kill him. 
 After thinking about it, he released if he hadn't come back now the chances were really low of the person returning. He was most likely already dead. 
 Peter looked at the screen and carefully started to morph his face. The student had medium length brown hair, and one of the finer details about him was he would often wear a bandana that cut off one side of his hair while the other remained up. 
 Finally, Peter would no longer go by his own name while in the school and now would be known as Pio Blank. 
 Quinn took a long stare at Peter and released this might have actually been the better option for him. If he was to look at Peter, a person he had killed or seen die right in front of him day in and day out, he really wouldn't know how that would make him feel. 
 While this all was happening, the groans from the back were heard as Erin lifted her body off the bed and started to touch her head. It was ringing with dull pain and her face felt slightly numb similar to a migraine. 
 When she looked up she could see the faces of everyone staring at her and a person she had never seen before. 
 "Who the heck is the new guy." Erin groaned out still not fully there. 
 No one said a word and after a few moments, she started to remember everything that happened to her. Her last words with Jack and what he had planned to do with them. 
 "No! No! No!" She started to scream. There was no need for her to try to use her ability. She could feel that it was no longer with her. But just in case she tried to form ice in her hand. Again and again but there was no result. 
 "Calm her down, before someone outside hears us," Vorden said. 
 Layla quickly rushed over to her side but Erin couldn't help but scream in anger and sadness. The others had never seen this side of Erin before. It was different for most of them who had been weak their whole life. If their powers were taken away it wouldn't make much of a difference. 
 But for Erin, she was high up. Of course, the others didn't know the full story and just how much everything meant to her. Losing her ability felt like she had lost everything. All she had left was her swordsmanship and after meeting Fex she could tell she was nothing special. 
 "Do you really want us to be caught?" Logan said as he threw out a circular device towards Erin. The device opened up mid-air just before reaching her mouth and wrapped around it like a tight fit mask. The screams had stopped but the tears still continued to run down her face. 
 "Erin, I know you are upset but right now your situation involves all of us," Logan explained. "I can't have your selfish actions harm me or the others, now Layla, I believe you would be the best person to explain to her what we have planned." 
 While Erin's mouth was covered, it was a lot easier for Layla to explain. It gave no option for Erin to complain in between and allowed Layla to explain everything. How Jack had sent out a search party for her and Peter, how she was part of Pure and they would be sending her to Pure for protection. 
 Logan then walked up to Erin and had a few words to say himself before taking the device off her mouth. 
 "Now if you scream, it goes back on. The situation is not favourable for any of us and please trust me. We went through all the options. I even looked into your background and thought about seeing if we could send you back to your family. But that's not possible. 
 "Staying with Pure is the only option we have." Logan took off Erin's wristwatch and made a few adjustments to it before placing it back. "We are a bit wary of Pure so if you need any emergency help, you can contact me through that, although I doubt we will be able to do anything. Do you understand?" 
 Erin nodded calmy. Rather than angry or sad she seemed to be going through a different stage right now of shock. As soon as the mask was taken off she started to look at Layla. 
 "Will you be coming with me?" Erin asked with pain in her voice. 
 Layla looked in her eyes and held both of her hands before shaking her head. She knew the next words would hit her hard. "No I can't, I still have my mission here," Layla replied. 
 At that moment Erin snapped her hands back. Everything was getting a little too much for her. Her abilities had been taken, she was being treated as a convict by the school, Jack was possibly after her life and now she had no choice but to join a terrorist group. 
 Yet, why did this have to happen to her, was it just her bad luck, then she started to remember there was one more person who was going through something similar. 
 "What about Peter, will he be coming along with me as well?" Although Erin did get along with Peter, if she was going through this struggle with someone she knew, it would at least be better then going through it alone. 
 The student who Erin didn't recognize stood next to Quinn then stepped forward and his face started to morph back into his old self. 
 "But how, didn't he used to have an earth ability?" Erin asked. "How did he learn that?" The sound of a little excitement and hope could be felt in her voice. 
 "That's because Peter is no longer human," Quinn explained. "When a human turns into a vampire or vampire subclass they lose their old ability as their body changes. Logan's guess is it has something to do with the cells in the body being different. Essentially it's like getting a new body so Peter was able to learn a new ability." 
 Hearing these words from Quinn's move suddenly gave Erin an idea. She had lost her ability but not all hope was gone. If what Quinn was saying was correct, there was a chance for her to get her powers back. 
 She stood up from the bed and said… "Quinn, I want you to make me a Vampire. I want you to turn me like how you turned Peter." 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? then remember to Vote using your stones below! The stone Golas are in the author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 209 Someone on the inside 
 After hearing about how Peter was able to obtain a new ability, in her haste, Erin started to gain hope once again. If there was a way for her to get it back, a chance to return to her former self, then she would take it. 
 Before she would have never considered it. There were too many downsides she saw both Peter and Quinn deal with. As long as she grew her ice abilities slowly with higher grade ability books, or if she was to find a good teacher. She would be able to progress up the ranks and eventually become a force to be reckoned with. 
 Still, right now, that wasn't the case and her best option was right in front of her. What she didn't realize though was the grave mistake that she had just committed. When asking Quinn to turn her, she had mentioned a particular detail that someone in the room wasn't quite sure about. 
 Even now Quinn was peeking at Fex out of the corner of his eyes. Seeing just what his reaction might just be. Many times before Fex had mentioned the fact that he thought Peter had been created by an irresponsible leader. 
 However, Fex didn't have much of a reaction. He continued to stand there no different to before. The reason being that he had already assumed Quinn was the one who turned Peter. He wouldn't have been so loyal without his master by his side. It also explained why Quinn wasn't so trusting of Fex in the first place other than his shadow ability. 
 Peter was illegal and if the council ever found out about Peter. Both of them would be executed. The reason why Fex didn't have much of a reaction to what Erin was suggesting though was actually because of their Vampiric limits. 
 Even without the laws, a regular Vampire could turn at most one person. Someone like Fex could turn two and he would be given permission to do so when he ascended to the Noble rank. He knew Quinn's strength and never thought he would be able to turn more than one person so Erin's suggestion meant nothing. 
 Seeing that Fex wasn't making a big deal out of everything, Quinn decided to continue on. "Erin even if I wanted to I can't. It wouldn't change the situation we are in" Quinn explained. 
 "What do you mean?" she asked, slightly annoyed taking a step forward. 
 It seemed like Erin was starting to regain her snappy confidence back, but Quinn could also tell this meant her emotions were all over the place and she was still very much unstable. 
 Taking a step back, Quinn tried his best to explain. 
 "First I think you're forgetting the main issue here. It isn't that your ability was stolen from you, but it's the fact that the school and Jack are after you. Either way, we need to hide you somewhere and going to Pure is the best option. 
 "If I was to turn you and you were to turn into a ghoul like Peter, or maybe something else. Once they found out who knows what they would do to you?" 
 Although Layla felt a little hurt about the others talking badly about the organization she was in, at the same time she couldn't really dispute and argue her case. If they did find out Erin was a type of Vampire they didn't know about. Who knows what they would do to her, even Layla didn't know. 
 " And the last issue, say you turned into a vampire, then what? Do you really want the same ability as Peter? To transform. I would have thought you would have at least wanted something similar if not better than your ice abilities." 
 "Fex can just teach me his string ability, or your shadow ability looks nice as well." Erin snapped back. Forgetting about the first point Quinn had made and only focusing on the fact that Quinn was able to help her gain power. 
 What Erin didn't know was Quinn had learnt his ability through an unusual method. He hadn't practised the techniques written down in a book. Everything just worked through the system. There was no way for him to explain or teach someone how to use the shadow ability. 
 And unless Erin was a part of Fex's family. He wouldn't be happy to teach her to use his strings either. 
 "Perhaps I should take over the explaining," Logan said as he moved forward. "The reason Peter got the transformation ability in the first place, was so he could hide in plain sight. We are currently using one of the missing male students from the planet Caldi. 
 If you did change your mind and gave in, ending up with the transformation ability, it would still be impossible to hide you, Erin. There have been no missing female students since the start of the term. They find you, and you will be taken to the dungeon. If Pure find out that you have been turned into a vampire, you will probably experience an even worse fate." 
 Hearing their explanation wasn't calming Erin down at all but instead, it was making her feel drained and defeated. She thought that perhaps Quinn was her scapegoat. 
 "What's the point of me being protected by Pure, am I meant to just be some type of princess that can't fight for herself?" she complained. 
 "It won't be like that," Layla replied. "There are many people in Pure who are of equal strength to those with powers to the outside. look at our Leader for a clear example." 
 The Pure leader was well known around the world and that was mainly because of one reason. They were one of the only two people currently in the world to possess a demon class weapon. The highest tiered beast weapon that is currently known. 
 Right now Quinn could see that Layla was acting rash. And perhaps wasn't thinking properly so he thought there might be just one thing he could say to calm her down. 
 "Why don't we make a deal?" Quinn said. "Stay with Pure for now, once this whole thing blows over or we finish school, come back to me. If you still wish for me to turn you into a vampire then I will. Please understand Erin, none of us can do anything when we are dead." 
 She looked into his eyes for a while before eventually giving his answer, and finally shook Quinn's hand. "Sometimes you actually make some sense," she said. 
 Finally, the matter had been settled and a plan set. Peter would at some point appear in the portal room, claiming to be Pio, the student who had gone missing on the last outing. While Erin would go to Pure for now, then perhaps return to Quinn's side in the future. 
 "What do we need to do to send Erin to Pure then?" Vorden asked. "It's not exactly like we can just walk out the front door of this place. Students have tried leaving before and it's nearly impossible." 
 "Logan do you have an answer?" Quinn asked. 
 "Unfortunately not," Logan replied. "These military bases are strange. Quite honestly, even I don't know where we are located at the moment. I can disable the tracker and you can try going outside, but we need a vehicle of some sort or maybe we might need a ship depending on where we are." 
 "We have Pure members stationed on nearly every Planet, except for a few red planets," Layla said. "We won't need to go outside but just get Erin to the portal room." 
 "That's no good," Logan said. "It seems like after the incident last time with a couple of students being pushed into one of the portals. They have been stricter about the security there." 
 Vorden and Quinn gave each other a quick glance before both turning their heads at Peter. 
 While looking around the room and for a solution, Fex spotted the strange square-shaped device that was located in Logan's room. He noticed it almost instantly. It was a teleporter but not just any type. It was the same type of teleporters they used on his own planet. 
 But this wouldn't be of any help to them at all. The last place Fex wanted to go to was back home, and the others would be made into food in an instant if they were taken there. He did, however, decide to make note of where it was just in case he ever did decide to go back. 
 "How about Fex's mind control?" Erin said. "Couldn't he tell them to go away or remove their memories." 
 "If they are adults it would be much harder than before," Fex replied. "Besides, right now I'm guessing there will be a lot of people covering that area. If I wanted to get out of this place the portal room would be the first place I would think of too. So there's no way we can pull off something similar like we did against Truedream again. Not unless we had someone on the inside." 
 The last words Fex had spoken gave Quinn an idea. It was a risky one but he had a gut feeling that he would be able to help. He was already keeping a huge secret of Quinn's so there was already some trust between them, and he felt like if there was one person that was on the right side of justice, it would be him. 
 "Then we have no choice," Quinn said. "We need to ask Leo for help." 
 **** 
 Mass release tomorrow at 0:00 GMT + 8 or china time! Remember to vote for another one. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote! The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 Instagram for MVS artwork: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 210 Will he help? 
 The words that had come out of Quinn's mouth came as a surprise to all of them. This included even Vorden who felt like he was the closest to him. 
 "Why would you suggest that?" Vorden said. "Leo is a sergeant, and although he isn't under Duke, he is under Nathan, who is ultimately under Paul, the head general. It's clear that Leo is working for them or at least he takes his direct orders from them." 
 It was a simple deduction that Vorden had made, and it would be right to assume so. But Quinn didn't believe it. 
 "Well, maybe I can change your mind about him," Quinn said. "First of all, I'm pretty sure he knows I'm a vampire; let me change that. I'm a hundred percent sure he knows I'm not human, and the same could be said for Fex and Peter." 
 "Wait a minute," Erin called out. "Is that why he gives you special treatment. It's starting to make sense now that I think about it." 
 "I'm not sure about that one," Quinn said, letting out a chuckle. "But I'm sure his ability has something to do with it. He knew I was different from the beginning and has safeguarded my secret until this day. Leo is different from the other teachers. He once asked me something, inquiring about whose side I was on. It started to make me think and wonder about a couple of things." 
 Leo himself doesn't align with the military; he is on the side of humanity. This was what he was checking up on with me that day. As long as there is a threat to humanity, he will protect us." 
 Logan then quickly hopped onto his computer and started to type away, checking to see if there was any information he could bring up on Leo, if at all. 
 "So, is this a hunch?" Vorden inquired. "Isn't it too risky to go on this journey just based on a hunch?" 
 "I too am in favour of talking to Leo; I think it is a good idea," Erin added. "I agree he's different from the other teachers. Remember how he saved us from the Dalki attack that one time? And during our lessons, he would continuously give me tips about my swordsmanship. Also, it seemed he treated everyone the same, no matter what. The way he acted just doesn't fit in with the way the world is right now. Usually, a teacher would choose to focus only on the promising students trying to please the upper ranks, but he never did anything of the sort. 
 "I respect him as a teacher, and if me leaving this place is based on whether or not we can trust Leo, then I would bet on him over any of the other teachers." 
 "Isn't Leo the guy I fought with?" Fex said. "I mean if it's him, he seemed like a pretty cool guy." 
 "I know, but we don't go trusting people based on how cool they are," Vorden replied back. 
 "I guess you're right," Fex replied. "Otherwise, you guys would have trusted me from the beginning, right?" He said as he swiped back a single strand of hair that had appeared in front of his face. 
 Once again, Logan projected the information about Leo onto the screen. Most of the news articles and information about Leo had to do with his accomplishments during the last war. He stood out due to the amount of Dalki he had managed to kill, despite being a lowly private at the time. 
 "Here you go," Logan said. "It looks like you might be onto something after all. It says Leo readily refused to join the military and only wanted peace after the war. However, he did agree to fight once again if the Dalki were to invade. 
 "At the time, Leo was a bit of a lone wolf who had refused to join any factions, including the Big Four. The military saw this as a chance to grab him up, but it proved difficult. In the end, Leo agreed at a request: he would join as a teacher. 
 "Judging by this, it is as you say; perhaps, he isn't as closely aligned with the military as the others from here are." 
 It was a risk, and others knew it would be, but if Erin was happy to go through with it, then she should at least have some say in what they were planning to do with her. 
 Suddenly, Logan lept out of his chair and started to search around his room for some items. He went through crates and crates of stuff until he had finally found what was looking for. After pulling out the strange looking object, he went back to his computer to fiddle with a few more things. 
 A bright light started to show from the projector that had been used to display the holograms so far, it was now starting to display a solid wall of green. 
 "Which one of you is the best at acting here?" Logan inquired. The other's didn't know who to look at but eventually, they all directed their gazes to Vorden. Even Quinn didn't know why he did this fully. But based on the numerous ways Vorden could express himself, he felt him to be the perfect fit for the task at hand. 
 Logan then paced near Vorden, and without even asking for his consent, he tried to put the strange-looking helmet device on his head. Unfortunately, there was quite a height difference between the two. 
 "Can you not see what I'm trying to do? Bend down, you dumb giant!" Logan shouted. 
 Vorden immediately bent down as little Logan placed the strange helmet on top of his head. The helmet mainly went around his forehead and had unusual mechanical arms that came outward. 
 "Even if you go to Leo and he agrees to help, the security around everywhere is going to be tough. This is the only thing I can think of which might get them to lower their guard a bit." Logan said. 
 "The strange helmet thing?" Vorden replied, his tone strange. 
 "This here is a facial recognition device. It is able to track the smallest of details and all the little movements of the muscles in your face. What I plan to do is make a video. If we put both Peter and Erin up against the green screen and we have our actor Vorden here, I will be able to create a realistic video. 
 "The plan is to pretend the video has been sent from Pure, informing the school that the kids they are looking for have already left the planet and are safe in Pure's hands. That strange helmet device and the green backdrop is so I can change your appearance to whoever I like, same with the background. 
 "Once they know Pure safely has the two of you; hopefully, they will stop searching around as desperately as they are doing now." 
 Quinn felt amazed by Logan's thinking ability and thought of all the things he could do with him. He was lucky to have someone like him on his side and would hate to think what it would to have him as an enemy. 
 A speech was made for Vorden to act out while Layla was in charge of telling Vorden what to say. It made the most sense as she knew best what Pure would send, to make the video sound more authentic. 
 The speech even ended with a phrase they had never heard before, 'May we purify your souls' 
 She explained that it was a type of signature Pure always used when they sent things like this to their enemy. 
 It also made the others realise how Layla really was living a double life and perhaps the Layla they actually knew wasn't real at all. 
 The video had finished being made, and it was time for them to act. Logan would stay in the room and would make sure the file got to the school while Peter and Erin would remain hiding in the room along with Fex. 
 If an inspection was to occur, at most, they would only send two people into Logan's room due to his special privileges. A long as that person wasn't overwhelmingly strong in the mind, Fex would be able to clear their memories as if they never saw anything again. 
 Vorden and Quinn would head to Leo and explain the details of what had happened, hoping they would be able to help Erin. 
 While lastly, Layla had her own task to do. She had to inform Pure of the plan as well. She was quite nervous about this, as she had broken the rules of Pure and acted on her own. Explaining this meant she would have to receive a punishment. 
 But right now, she didn't care and just wanted her friend Erin to remain safe. 
 'I hope the conversation goes well.' Layla thought. 
 ***** 
 Mass release tomorrow at 0:00 GMT + 8 or China time. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 Instagram for MVS artwork: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 211 A way ou 
 Currently inside Logan's room were Fex, Erin, Logan, and Peter. The conversation between all of them was silent. They didn't realise it until now, but the thing that brought most of them together was Quinn. 
 Without him there, the others didn't really know each other that well. The only sound that could be heard was Logan typing away on his computer, trying to gain access and find a way to upload the video they had made without any traces. 
 Fex, on the other hand, was keeping a close eye on Peter. Without Quinn there, Fex felt like it was his duty to protect all of them if he was to go out of control, though perhaps Logan would be able to deal with him on his own as well. He knew first hand how strong his shots from his strange suit were. 
 While looking deeply at Peter, Fex was trying to figure out just who Quinn was. Right now he had two main theories, one of them was that he was a member of one of the thirteen families raised here on earth since birth, and reported back to the main families once in a while. 
 While down here, he had made a mistake of turning Peter and was now trying to keep it a secret. But the thing that threw him off with this theory was his ability. The shadow ability. His first thought was that one of the families was keeping it a secret. When the crowning was to happen again, it would give them quite the power advantage. 
 The other theory was, Quinn didn't belong to any of the thirteen vampire families and instead belonged to them. The original shadow users. However, this theory of his was the most outlandish for they were meant to be long dead. 
 If the Vampire Council found out they hadn't all died, then there would be chaos. 
 **** 
 Walking down the hallway, both Quinn and Vorden were making their way to the weapons class. Even on off days like today, Leo would often rest there, or practise his swordsmanship. It was hard to say that Leo was a workaholic because he wasn't doing it for work reasons. 
 But there were times where Quinn and others around him could see that Leo was obsessed with the blade, but even that wasn't quite right either. Leo was just obsessed with getting revenge against the Dalki. 
 While walking around, they could see the panic in the soldiers' faces. The students, who were outside the campus and around the city, had been asked to come back and remain inside the school. 
 There was a strict border control being held just around the school, with a soldier surrounding the whole place in a circle. Even on their way to the martial arts hall, Quinn and Vorden were both questioned several times. 
 The two of them now stood just outside the weapons hall, and Vorden hesitated before stepping in. "Quinn, this is the last chance. Are you really sure? What do we do if he doesn't agree? I don't think we're strong enough to take him on." 
 "Even if he doesn't agree, he's not the type to turn us in for protecting a friend. He'll understand. Trust me." With that, Quinn stepped forward, full of confidence, opening the door into the martial arts hall. 
 It was the weekend, so no students were inside, but Leo was there, standing in the middle of the room on his own. Sweat was dripping down from his forehead while his sword was still sheathed by his side. 
 As soon as the two of them entered the room, he was already looking in their direction. 
 "The two of you were standing outside for a while. I was wondering when you were going to come in," Leo said. 
 "Is this guy really blind?" Vorden asked. There weren't many opportunities where both Vorden and Leo were able to be around each other. Vorden knew about the accomplishments he had made during the war, but sometimes, the rumours would often be exaggerated. 
 'I wonder if I could touch him,' Vorden thought. 
 As the two of them got closer, Leo could tell that the energy inside the two of them was disturbed, but while looking at Vorden, his seemed strange. Had he met this person before? Because right now, he was looking at a person that had two different flows of energy inside him. 
 This was because Vorden currently held the fire ability, as well as the invisibility ability. 
 "Leo, I know you have already done me a huge favour by keeping my secret," Quinn spoke. "And because of this, I have decided to trust you with something else. I hope my hunch isn't wrong and I hope you can help me." 
 "I can't make any promises as I do not know what you wish to tell me," Leo said. "But as long as you are not in the wrong, you have nothing to worry about." 
 When Leo spoke those last words, it gave Vorden a little shiver down his spine. Just what had this man gone through to be able to create such an intense feeling with only a few words? Was it his ability? Or was it really just the pressure emitting from this person? 
 Quinn started to explain what had happened, and how they had come to learn of what Truedream's reason for coming to the academy was. As well as how Pure was the one who had informed them and how their friends had been chosen for the process. All they wanted to do was protect Erin and Peter. 
 Quinn however, did leave out the detail of them, trying to save Peter for a different reason related to himself, and just explained that he didn't want his friends to lose their ability. He also mentioned how they needed to send Erin out of here right now. 
 After they had finished explaining, both Quinn and Vorden took a deep breath, trying to calm themselves down. They carefully watched where Leo's hands were placed, thinking that any second now, he would go for his blade and capture the two. 
 "You two can calm down," Leo said. "As I've said to both of you before, as long as you are not in the wrong, I shall help. And in this situation, I believe you are not in the wrong." 
 While Quinn spoke about everything that had happened to Truedream, Leo made sure to carefully keep an eye on their energy flow, as well as their heartbeat. He noticed quite often when people were lying, their flow of energy, as well as their heartbeat, would alter slightly. 
 Over the years, it came to the point where Leo was just as good as any lie detector. Of course, there were those who had a solid will and had been trained to the point where it wouldn't affect them. But for kids like these, it was easy for him to tell. He knew that the words Quinn spoke were the truth. 
 "So, can you help us?" Quinn asked with a little smile on his face. 
 "There isn't much I can do with the situation with Jack. Although he's not part of the military, he is treated a lot higher than me. When I arrived here, I was adamant to be put under Nathan since I had an odd feeling about Duke." 
 "Right now, because of my rank, there isn't much I can do. Jack holds a special relationship with our head general Paul. The only thing I can do is wait to meet with the head general of military base one. Not everyone in the military agrees with Jack's doing, and this will hopefully be a step in the right direction." 
 What Leo was doing right now was a risk most people would never take. If someone were to find out that they were trying to ruin the relationship between Jack and the military, there would be many people on both sides upset with this, and most likely, many would go after Leo's life. 
 What he was doing right now was fearless, and Leo didn't have a group or other people backing him, but only himself. 
 "Don't worry about that," Quinn said. "Right now, all we need to do is save our friend for now. Is there any way you can get us inside the teleport room to send her off somewhere?" 
 Leo started to think, which wasn't a good sign. It seemed like he asked a simple yes or no answer, but that didn't seem to be the case. 
 "As you know, the portal room has been heavily guarded ever since what happened between you two. Most likely, it will be guarded even more. Still, there is a way. Follow me." 
 ***** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the notes below. 
 MVS art work on instgram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 212 Ranks of Pure 
 Entering her own room this time, Layla was more nervous than ever. It reminded her of when she first joined the school. All the strange feelings were returning to her and were starting to make her feel sick. 
 "I think by the end of today, I'm going to come out around five pounds lighter," She jokingly said to herself, trying to forget about the ordeal she was in. 
 Upon entering her room, there was no one inside. Her roommate consisted of Erin and another female student. Most of the time, their other roommate seemed to be out, which was a good thing for Layla. 
 Still, just to be safe, she kept an eye on the door as she did what she needed to do. She had already been caught once by Logan and had no clue how, which started to make her do some second-guessing. 
 All those years of training were hammered into her so she wouldn't be caught during an investigation, and in the end, she was caught by another student. Maybe she just wasn't made for work like this. 
 The black orb from under her bed was now in her hand. And once again, she took a deep breath, readying herself before tapping the top of the sphere. The blue ring on the top started to pulse in and out until eventually, it turned into a solid blue colour, signalling that it had been connected. 
 "Agent 45 connected with Agent 83. Today isn't a report day. Does there seem to be a problem?" the voice from the sphere asked. 
 "I would like to make a special report, would you please connect me to Agent Number 5?" Layla asked. 
 "The single agents are too busy. You can report it to me and I will pass on the message to them." 
 "I'll ask you again," Layla said firmly. "Please let me speak to Agent 5. This is not a request as an agent, but say that it's from her daughter." 
 There seemed to be a slight pause between the two having a conversation for a moment before the agent eventually replied… 
 "I will see what she says." 
 Layla waited while the other agent went and contacted her mother. In the Pure organization, they had special numbers associated with each agent. The number system could be split up into four different categories. The first group of people were the hundreds. 
 These agents of Pure were given no such number ranking. All they were told were that they were above the hundred special agents. These people would often be new to the Pure organization and would only be used on large scale operations. 
 Then, below them were the ranked. These agents were numbered from 20 to 100. These were special operative agents whose numbers were based on their position within the organization. The lower your rank was, the more powerful you were. 
 The third group were the higher ranked, going from 6 to 20. They were quite different compared to the other agents, due to the fact that they were mainly there due to their power. And then finally... 
 You had the final five. Some of these members were the original creators of Pure and also the strongest within the organisation. 
 When Layla was first introduced to the ranking system, she found it weird. For a group who was so hellbent on there not being a hierarchy in society, it was strange for their own group to have one. 
 But they always said that it was different because they all had the same goal in mind and understood. It would only be this way for now until they achieved their goal, and then, they would get rid of the ranking system. By then, equipment, wealth and resources would be distributed equally. 
 Layla started to remember the mock videos they showed her of what the world could be, and they always seemed so peaceful. 
 As she was deep in thought, she was quickly interrupted by a familiar voice on the speaker. 
 "This is Agent 5 speaking, I hear you have some important news for me, Agent 83?" the voice said. 
 After hearing those words come out of her mouth, Layla was a little upset. She hadn't spoken to her mother in a while and the first thing she talked about was business. She didn't ask her how she was or how she was doing and didn't even say her name. But she had always been like this, and Layla was used to it by now. 
 Layla started to explain the details of what happened. How she acted on her own without informing Pure to protect her friends, going against Jack and what the situation currently was. Though she did miss out a few details here and there, especially the parts where she had informed all of her friends who she was. 
 So far, she had only said she told Erin, someone who she wanted to bring over to Pure about her real position. 
 "Has your position been compromised by anyone else in the school or personnel?" her mother asked. 
 "No, I have only informed Erin. Right now, they think she escaped on her own. They are looking for her and she has no ability, as well as nowhere to go. If you can, please help her." 
 "Don't worry," she replied. "We will do our best. Anyone who has been affected by Truedream will be accepted. We shall treat her well. However, you have gone against our code. Although you were not caught, you took action without asking for permission and you even went as far as to use our name." 
 "Your punishment will be decided when you come back to the base. For now, you shall be demoted from position 83 to position 100. Update me when you have the location Erin will be sent to. We will have someone on standby waiting." 
 "Oh, and one last thing. Layla, I am waiting for you. Soar through the ranks. Don't be disheartened and try to get into the upper level so we can meet more frequently. May Pure be with you." 
 "May Pure be with you." 
 As the call ended, Layla kept her head down. A demotion was quite a big punishment on its own as it was. It had taken Layla a long time to rise through the ranks and just like that, she was at the bottom, barely hanging onto the numbered positions. 
 When she was at the base, she rarely got to see her mother much. Her mother always told her, as long as she was loyal to Pure and the cause, eventually, she would rise up the ranks and have a seat next to her. 
 So far she had been as loyal as can be and followed everything to the book. But everything slightly changed when she met Quinn and the others. She started having fun and enjoyed her time at school. 
 Sure, there were bad people in the world, but not everyone abused their powers as she found out. There were those like Erin who didn't even understand there was injustice and discrimination going on. Layla felt like they just needed to educate the world more. 
 She started questioning if Pure's forceful ways were really the right thing to do, which is why she was hesitant about reporting Quinn and the others. 
 If there was a chance she could leave the organization without receiving a punishment, she might have even considered it. And now, when thinking about it, she was about to send one of her best friends to such a place. 
 A place she no longer wanted to be a part of. 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using the stones below! The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 For MVS artwork, follow Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 213 Cursed weapons 
 The two boys were closely following Leo as he walked around the school. It seemed like he was taking them towards the portal room at first. However, when they were about to reach the room, their path slightly changed. 
 Quinn and Vorden both wanted to ask him where he was planning to go, but they were too afraid to do so. All the while walking, Vorden would constantly look around. He still had his doubts and felt like, perhaps, they were being led right into the den of their enemies. 
 In the middle of their little stroll through the familiar pathways, another female, who they had seen a few times, passed them by. 
 "Sergeant Leo." Fay said. "Where are you heading to? Didn't you receive the message?" She asked. 
 "Sorry, I was busy training, and it seems that no one bothered to inform me. Is it something urgent?" He replied. 
 "There has been an update about the situation of the two students who ran away from their punishment. It appears that, somehow, Pure has already gotten their hands on the both of them. 
 As the two boys listened in on the conversation, they snappily turned their heads to look at each other. Relief visited their consciousness since it must have meant that Logan had successfully sent the fake video over. The contents explained how members of Pure had already triumphantly retrieved Peter and Erin. 
 "I see." Leo replied. "So has the search party for them been called off?" 
 "Not quite. We, including a few other soldiers, have been called back for a meeting. Perhaps, it was to discuss the next course of action." As Fay finished her words, she spotted the two boys standing not too far away from Leo. 
 At first, she thought that they were just two students who were just taking a walk around the school. Withal, she quickly realised that they also halted their steps when Leo did. 
 The other thing that she noticed was that they weren't just any students. They were the first year students who she had been seeing more than she would have liked to. Wherever these two went, it seemed like trouble was simply lurking in their shadows. 
 The moment that Fay focused her attention on the two, Vorden realized the mistake that they had just made. Usually, he was good at this type of thing and would have carried on walking to not incur a suspension. The problem was he and Quinn had both gotten caught up on what Fay had to say. 
 "I don't know if you're aware of this Leo, but there seem to be two first year students following closely behind you." Fay said, further narrowing her gaze that was on Vorden and Quinn. 
 "I may be blind, but I do know when I'm being trailed." Leo replied. "They are here to help me move a few things from my storage room. I promise I will go to the meeting room as soon as I'm done." 
 If it was anyone else, Fay would have complained, suggesting that as a sergeant, they were neglecting their duty. If the general asked them to be present, then they needed to be immediately. However, Leo had some leeway when it came to the other sergeants. 
 This was because they were aware of the fact that they wanted him, and it wasn't the other way around. 
 "I will let them know that you will be a little late then." Fay said as she gave a salute before she took her leave. 
 'I wonder when the two of them managed to get close to Leo?' A lingering thought registered in her mind. 
 She made it a point to look over their files once she had returned to her office.She felt that something was amiss regarding the set-up. 
 On the other hand, finally, Leo stopped in his tracks, prompting the students to do the same. They had reached an area in the school that they had never gone to before. It was located around the back of the teleport area, and to access it, a special code should be inputted on a panel that served as the lock. 
 Agan, Vorden was amazed at how well Leo was able to navigate the entire place. He couldn't help but think that it had to have something to do with his ability. His curiosity was getting the better of him as a strange urge to touch Leo arose in him, but the opportunity didn't arrive. 
 When they entered the special building, they noticed that it was full of rooms that housed an eerie ambiance. They were all barricaded with metal doors that had numbers painted on their facade. 
 "This area is dedicated for the soldiers' storage room. When we moved here, we were allowed to bring our own personal belongings." Leo explained. 
 They walked for a few seconds, eventually stopping right before the door that had the number "12" painted on it. There is a security device that made sure that the only one who had access to this room was him, unlike the other codes utilized on the previous doors. Placing his hand on top of the access panel, it soon allowed Leo inside. 
 When the storage unit opened, both Quinn and Vorden were amazed at what was inside. There were weapons that were displayed on all sides of the room. In the center was something that looked similar to a boxing ring. Only, there was a wooden doll, similarly sized to an average adult human being, holding a wooden sword. 
 The whole place looked like any other weapons hall. 
 "Are all these yours?" Quinn asked. 
 "No, they once belonged to me and my friends. I just inherited them." Leo said with a melancholic tone in his voice as he continued to walk towards the back of the storage room. 
 The two boys waited at the back while Leo went to search for something. While biding for their time, they couldn't help but look at the weapons surrounding them. 
 [Inspect] 
 Looking at the items, Quinn was curious to see what level they were at, and to his surprise, the first random weapon he looked at in the room was at the advanced tier level - It was a short little dagger. 
 Quinn went to continue to inspect the weapons, noticing that most of them were of high class and were classified as beast equipment. He couldn't even imagine how much the whole thing would cost. 
 It turned out that Quinn wasn't the only one, who noticed that the equipment around them were nearly all high gears, as Vorden did too. "Hey, if you're not going to use these things, do you mind if i keep it?" 
 Just then, Leo came out from the back, holding a fairly large circular device - It was almost the same size as his upper body. He placed it in front of the two students, making a loud sound as it hit the floor. 
 "I'm afraid that all of these weapons are cursed." Leo said. "Their users died with too much resentment and those emotions stayed in their weapons." 
 Concurrently, Leo placed his hand on his very own weapon. 
 "You didn't have to make up some lie if you didn't want to give it to me." Vorden cheekily replied. 
 "Sometimes, our very own eyesight blinds us." Leo explained. "Having no sight has allowed me to see more things than I have ever seen before. If only you could see the things i could see, perhaps, you would begin to understand a little." 
 The words that Leo spoke really started to interest Vorden and it was the bait he needed. 
 'The sight he was referring to probably had something to do with his ability' Vorden thought. 
 "Oh," Vorden replied. "If you're talking about your ability, is there a way you can show me? I have the ability to copy and use other people's abilities. All I need to do is to touch their hand." 
 Quinn was a little afraid about how Leo would react. He could tell that, it might be that Vorden was pushing it just a little too far, but surprisingly, Leo started to laugh. 
 "Ha, ha, if you really wish to, then go ahead." Leo said as he held out his hand. At the same time, a strange smile appeared across his face, and the pressure that Vorden felt before, he could sense it once more. 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below! The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 214 A new world 
 When Vorden explained to Leo about his abilities, Leo was doing his regular thing checking to see if he was speaking the truth or not. It was for this reason that Leo wasn't as cautious. 
 With experience, Leo knew it wasn't; a good idea to have contact with someone's ability you didn't know. Certain abilities had conditions that needed to be set before using them. This was called a cost. 
 Cost abilities were usually stronger than regular abilities but there were only a few that the public could obtain. Two examples of cost abilities were Vorden's where he needed to touch a user's bare skin before being able to use their power, and Jack's who could only absorb their power through the user's mouth. 
 Cost abilities were quite rare and were even still being discovered today. Sometimes families had passed down ancient scripts that their ancestors knew nothing about but practised them out of tradition. To only later find out that there was a cost involved unlocking their ability. 
 Many people assumed this very thing was what had happened to Truedream. In a world without abilities, Jack would have never discovered his very own ability. 
 Vorden looked at Leo's hand once again and this time was hesitating slightly. 
 'Just do it.' Raten complained. 'Do you have to be so careful about everything you do' 
 With Raten speaking his mind like the little devil on his shoulder, he eventually took the plunge and shook Leo's hand. 
 A new energy was felt flowing inside of Vorden. The cells in his body were finally changing, it was the strongest force he had ever felt enter his body before. Even when touching the hand of Berg, a member of the big four and a level eight user he had never felt this type of energy before. 
 Finally, the two of them let go. 
 "Well?" Leo asked. "Do you see what I see?" 
 Vorden activated the ability and his whole vision went black. He could no longer see using his regular eyesight. Instead, the walls and floor appeared like wireframes that were constantly moving. As if the ground and the walla round were alive. 
 Then when he looked at his own hand, he could see the flow of yellow energy appearing off his own body. He turned his head and looked at Quinn who was giving off a different colour. A dark purple hue, which burned brightly. 
 Vorden now understood why Leo was able to tell that Quinn was different, it was the colours of energy. Finally though when he looked at Leo the largest shock came to him. Leo's flame was yellow just like Vorden's. 
 However, there was a big difference between the two. The flow of energy-burning was much more intense and it seemed to be at least four times bigger than his own. 
 'But how?' Vorden thought. It didn't make sense to Vorden. When using his ability not only did he copy the ability but also the number of mutant cells in their body. Even if Leo's ability was beyond that of level eight of the military scale, Vorden should have still been able to copy it. 
 But when looking at his own aura and looking at Leo's there was a big difference and he didn't know why. 
 Then, Vorden started to notice something else. The sword around his waist was also burning a bright red colour and the energy coming off it was nearly just as strong as Leo himself. 
 While Vorden was looking at Leo, he started to point towards the weapons on the wall. As he turned his head he noticed that all the weapons that were hung up, they too were burning with a bright red colour. 
 "Is this normal for beast weapons?" Vorden asked. 
 "It seems like you really can see what I can see." A regular beast weapon does not shine in colour. As I said before these are different." Leo explained. 
 "And what about you?" Vorden asked. "Why are you…" 
 Just before Vorden could ask his question Leo immediately suppressed the yellow aura around his body and brought it down to the same level as Vorden. 
 Seeing this action, Vorden knew Leo was telling him not to ask about it, and it was clear he had done it on purpose for another type of reason. 
 Leo then tapped the large metallic circular object. 
 "This here is a portable teleportation device, it's an old one but it still works. As you know these are a one time use thing. It will allow you to go to a destination, but not come back." Leo explained. "The location of this device is set to a planet called Lintarnia, it's a green portal planet that I once came from so it should be safe." 
 "There is one problem though." said Leo. "As you can see it's very big and very heavy. There is no way to move this without being suspicious and the other teachers or soldiers seeing this. This is as much as I can help you." 
 Quinn then walked up to the device and tried lifting the thing up, it was indeed heavy, and would most likely take the two of them to carry it back to Logan's room. 
 "We could bring, Erin over to the portal?" Vorden suggested. ��Although it would be risky taking her out of Logan's room with all the people around." 
 As Vorden made his suggestion an idea suddenly popped into Quinn's head. 
 He touched the shadow just underneath the large metallic object. 
 [Dimensional space] 
 The shadow underneath the object grew and then when it encased the whole thing it eventually dropped down, as if the object was sucked into a black hole. 
 "That solves that problem," Quinn said. 
 With the dimensional space, as long as the object wasn't of living matter, he was able to take it with him and take it out whenever he liked. So it was perfect for this type of situation. 
 "I wish you two good luck," Leo said. "It's best if we don't communicate with each other often other than our classes." 
 As the two boys ran off, Leo looked at the back of the two of them. "The future ahead will be dark for you two, but it seems you will be strong enough to overcome it." 
 Back at Logan's room, Layla had arrived before the two boys did. It didn't seem like Logan's room had come for inspection and Peter hadn't gone on an outrage which was the first piece of good news all day. 
 Instead, Peter was carefully reading files on the new students to identify who he was meant to take over. He needed to get his birthdate and background details perfect in case he was asked or if he ever needed to fill in forms for the school. 
 While waiting, eventually the two boys had finally arrived. "Looks like we did it," Quinn said. 
 The circular portal was set up in Logan's room while Layla sent a message with details about which planet for an agent of Pure to pick her upon. Once Layla received a confirmation back it was finally time for them to say their goodbyes. 
 Logan tapped a few buttons on the side of the circular machine and two claw-like objects opened up from the side. A few moments later and a green coloured round fuzz of energy was produced. The portal had been activated. 
 Before stepping into it she looked back at everyone in the room. "I know you losers will still do well without me, become the best and keep my top place warm for me when I return." She said with a smile. 
 When looking at Erin smile. Their hearts started to melt a little. It was the first time they had ever seen Erin smile and it was beautiful. She was already a beauty but with a smile, it was the icing on top of the cake. 
 The one that seemed to be upset about the whole thing though was Layla. Tears wouldn't stop falling down her face as she felt she was truly losing a good friend of hers. 
 "Remember, if there are any problems and you need to contact us. Use the watch!" logan shouted. 
 With those last words said, Erin stepped into the portal experiencing a whole new world. 
 'Please don't let anything bad happen to her.' Layla thought. 
 ***** 
 Mass release part one end! Part two will be out later or tomorrow. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below! The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 215 Peaceful plane 
 On planet Biolotmare, a medium-sized shelter stood in place just along a clear blue river. A tier four shelter with a population of around 20,000 people. The shelter wasn't owned by the military or the big four but instead was by a secret benefactor who would hire out Travellers, or Traveller factions to guard the place. 
 It was unusual for a shelter because usually, they would publicly declare who they were protected by to avoid any confrontation with other groups but not this one. 
 The shelter was surrounded by hilltops and long green fields and it seemed like the area was completely void of beasts. Standing by one of the portal entrances was a young man who was tapping his foot on the ground. 
 As he was waiting he watched the children and families happily play with each other on the street, while others were even swimming in the river. 
 "So peaceful." The young man said. "They can live their lives out here all happy, but they're unaware of what is happening back on earth, and on the other planets. Everyone should deserve something like this. Not just you guys." 
 A strange sound was heard by his side and when he turned his head, he could see the space next to him becoming distorted. Warping in and out, suddenly, a bright white circular portal appeared and dropping out of it, a snow white skinned female with blond hair. 
 She braced herself gently as she landed on the floor but for a few moments stayed completely still. Little drops of water hit the floor and finally when they stopped, she lifted her head and wiped her face with the sleeve of her arm. 
 The man walked up to the woman and looked her up and down before saying anything. She was wearing the school uniform as described to him by agent 100. 
 "An angel flies high in the sky." the young man said. 
 "And has its wings torn down and falls to the ground," Erin replied. Before leaving, Layla had informed her, if someone was to approach her they would speak a certain phrase. This was a code so agents could tell who was who between each other. 
 "Looks like you're the right one, follow me." She followed the young man for a while as they walked through the shelter. 
 While looking around she noticed how calm and peaceful the place looked. It was different from other shelters, but it also reminded her of the shelter her own family protected when she was younger, before the Dalki attacked. 
 'If I remember right, the others borrowed this from Sergeant Leo, maybe this is where he used to live?' She thought. 
 Following the young man, he was eventually leading them both out of the shelter. Before stepping out Erin turned and took one last look at the peaceful place. A thought crossed her mind that maybe she could run away and stay here. It might be a better option than going to Pure. 
 But then looking at the peaceful town, images appeared in her head of the houses on fire, the buildings destroyed. She suddenly remembered why she wanted to get stronger in the first place. For something like that to never happen in her presence ever again. 
 If Pure was able to help her, for now, she would comply. There was always the option of contacting Logan and the others in the future with the wristwatch. 
 When looking at the boy she noticed that he seemed to be wearing quite a decent level of beast gear. On his back was a single long sword, the hilt was black a scale like but was as wide as his shoulders. From looking she could tell holding the thing would be heavy and a regular human wouldn't be able to wield such a large sword. 
 He also wore metal plated armour that seemed to mix in beast parts here and there. Such as blue fins near the shoulder pads, and scaled parts over the shin part of his legs. 
 Finally, they had reached the top of the hill. From the top looking down, they were still able to see the river flowing through the valley and the shelter just form the other side. 
 "This should be far enough." the young man said standing near the edge of the clifftop. The man started to walk around as if he was looking for something on the floor until he eventually a ping sound was heard. "Here it is." 
 The man started to dig down at the spot with his bare hands and although he was tearing pieces of the ground away, he made it look like he was just shifting piles of sand away. 
 "Hey pretty lady, are you just going to stand there or are you going to help me?" The man asked. 
 Erin looked at the floor where the man was digging and then looked at his hands which were covered with dirt. At least he was wearing a pair of gloves, but her, the only thing she managed to bring with her was her sword that always stayed around her waist. 
 Unwillingly, she took a step forward, although she didn't want to get dirt on her hands she thought it would be best if she made a good impression with the people she would be staying with for maybe a couple of years. 
 Just as she moved forward, a loud screeching sound could be heard in the air. At first, it looked like a small little black dot in the sky, but it started to get bigger and eventually Erin had a clear view of what it was. 
 "Watch out!" she shouted. "It's a beast." While seeing how peaceful the town was, she had forgotten about the fact that this still wasn't earth. Dangerous beasts lived on these planets. 
 The young man turned and slowly drew out his large sword, as if what was happening was somehow annoying to him. 
 Suddenly, the beast stopped its descent and spread its wings wide open, hovering by the clifftop in front of the young man 
 The beast looked like a large butterfly and was the same size as a regular human. Its wings showed beautiful rounded patterns. But as beautiful as its wings where the same couldn't be said for its head. 
 It had too many eyes to count and razor-sharp teeth, with what looked like foam coming out from its mouth. 
 "Will you please just let me go home!" The young man shouted and at the same time, the butterfly beast dashed forward. 
 Erin immediately went to cast an ice spike from below hoping to hit the beast, but that's when she sadly realised that she no longer had her powers. 
 It continued to go forward and the young man lifted the sword up and at just the right time. Pushed it down like a pin right on top of its head. Its wings had stopped in an instant and the beast was dead. 
 "Can you at least get the crystal?" the man asked. "It's located in the lower half of its body." 
 While Erin went to carve out the beasts crystal, the man continued to dig in the location. Just as the man had said the crystal was located in the lower half. As she wiped the black blood of the beast away using the grass on the ground, she noticed it was slightly clear in colour. 
 "What is this?" She said in shock. The clearer the outer shell of the crystal surrounding the energy inside, it meant the higher the tier of crystal. Right now what Erin held in her hands was a crystal with its first outer shell clear. 
 Which meant it was at least an intermediate tier beast. And the young man was able to kill it using no abilities and only beast weapons. Erin was starting to see the Pure organisation in a slightly different light right now. 
 Finally, the man had stopped digging and finally pulled out a large circular metallic device. Straight away Erin knew what it was because it was similar to the one she had used to arrive on this planet. 
 After pressing a few buttons on the side the portal opened up. 
 "Well, are you ready to meet your new home?" He asked. 
 Before she wasn't so keen but after seeing the young man's actions, she now stepped forward willingly. 
 Before they entered the portal though the man stopped her. "Take off the watch," he said. 
 "This, if you're worried about the school tracking me, they won't be able to, your member disabled it." Erin tried to explain. 
 The man then forcefully grabbed her wrist and snapped the watch off, Before throwing it onto the ground. "You're about to head into the Pure's base. We can't and won't take any chances." 
 After that, he pulled Erin into the portal and two of them disappeared out of sight. 
 **** 
 The mass release part 2 has been delayed until tomorrow. I had a really busy day today. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 216 Unusual friendship 
 At military base two, it seemed like things were starting to calm down. Not just for the soldiers in the base but also for Quinn and his group. The video seemed to work quite well and it looked like they had nearly called off the entire search. 
 The base was now just treating it as a secondary objective now rather than a full-on search. Because of this, each member felt like a huge weight was lifted off their shoulders. However, Layla felt like a new one was put on hers. 
 There was only one problem left to solve right now and that was Peter. The group had decided they would continue to hide Peter inside Logan's room. It wasn't the right time to reveal him. The tension was still a little high. 
 While he stayed in Logan's room it would also give him time to practise on the details of the student he was pretending to be. 
 Before leaving Logan's room Quinn made a cut on his hand and fed some of his blood to Peter. Before leaving he would give him the command to not attack Logan. He would need to do this every night just to make sure until Peter was able to use the disguise. 
 This meant right now it was night time, the others had left and the only ones in the room were both Logan and Peter. 
 Despite their situation, Logan simply continued his normal routine into the night. He was at his workbench using strange tools as he messed around with his gadgets. This continued on for a few hours. 
 "Where did I put that cogwheel?" Logan asked himself as he surveyed around the room but couldn't find anything. As he swivelled around in his chair, he noticed that Peter was standing in the same spot and wasn't moving. 
 "Do you not need to sleep?" Logan asked. 
 Peter replied by just shaking his head. 
 "Well, I don't sleep much either." He shrugged and then motioned to him, "Hey, do you mind passing me that cogwheel shape by your side?" 
 Peter looked around for it and proceeded to hand over the strange device that Logan had asked him. Without saying anything else, Logan continued to work on his new invention. 
 "Pass me the green glowing circular orb." He asked. 
 "The one on your left, that spinning spikey thing…." Logan asked once more, "And that upside down looking U… now that beast crystal to your right.." He continued to ask for different tools and Peter did as he asked and handed them to him. 
 "Finally finished!" Logan said and turned to Peter. "You were a great help, you didn't ask me any questions and didn't keep me distracted from my work, Peter. Now it's my turn to help you." 
 Logan opened up the files and had the information of the student named Pio Blank on display. While the file was open, Logan would ask a series of questions and Peter would answer. They would continue doing this until Peter could remember every detail about Pio blank by heart. 
 The speed that Peter was able to memorize everything even impressed Logan. It was like his memory was picture perfect. 
 "Do you mind doing me another favour?" Logan asked with a slight smile on his face. 
 Peter hopped into the VR machine and while connected Logan would communicate to him through his computer. Right now Logan wanted to see the capabilities and just how strong Peter was. 
 Logan asked Peter to do a series of things, such as run as fast as he could, throw a bunch as hard as he could as well as dodge a bunch of incoming objects that were thrown at him inside the simulation. 
 Eventually with all the stats recorded Logan had something else he wanted to try. 
 "Peter, behind you a pair of weapons will appear. Use them however you wish against the NPC enemies." 
 Suddenly, a pair of short blades appeared on the ground behind him, and at the same time, 8 different men all in a solid black colour appeared. They didn't look like humans but like blobs of Ink instead. 
 These were the NPCs that Logan had created to practise his own fighting skills and weren't part of the game he created. 
 Using the two weapons and Peter's speed he was able to deal with most of the enemies with ease, and Logan was impressed. Right now both of his strength and speed were nearly four times the level of an average human. 
 Logan continued these sets of tests and each time he would drop in a different weapon for Peter to use against the enemies. Right now, Logan had set the game to allow his body to react like it would do in real life and what was more amazing than anything was the fact that Peter never seemed to get tired. 
 He was able to fight just as well as he did from the start of the game to the end. Peter while going through the entire process was actually having fun. On the outside, he hadn't really been able to test his strength and for the first time, he was able to use it freely. 
 Even if he was being used by Logan for his own purposes he didn't mind so much. The relationship between the two of them was give and take. 
 Finally, the simulation had ended and Peter exited out of the pod. After gathering all of Peter's stats Logan had come to the conclusion that Peter would make a great spy or assassin. 
 When using the weapons he performed best with the short duel blades. He also never tired and could run at great speeds, he also had a nearly perfect memory and lastly, he also knew that they had the ability of transformation. Being able to disguise himself as anyone he wanted. 
 It was a shame that Peter was already on Quinn's team. If the case had been any different then Logan would have loved to have invited him other for his very own portal outing. 
 While Logan was deep in thought he heard a knock on the door and to his utter surprise, it was Quinn and Fex. 
 "What are two doing back here so soon?" Logan asked. 
 "What are you talking about?" Quinn replied. 
 Logan quickly rushed to his computer to check the time and it was already the next day in the afternoon. Classes for the school day had already ended and Fex along with Quinn had come to check up on Peter, as well as another reason. 
 Without realising it, Logan had been up the whole day with Peter. 
 "What can I do for you?" Logan muttered as he rubbed his bloodshot red eyes. 
 "You can sleep if you want?" Quinn asked. 
 "Yeah, you look nearly as dead as Peter." Fex added with a chuckle. 
 "Well, I can decide that once you two let me know what you need. If you are here for Peter, me and him are doing great." 
 "Actually," Quinn replied. "I was hoping we could use your VR capsule. I wanted you to add Fex's ability to the game for us." 
 Now that everything had calmed down, Fex was finally able to keep well on his promise. He was planning to show Quinn how to fight the vampire way. 
 **** 
 The mass release has been delayed to tomorrow, had a busy day today sorry. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 MVS Artwork on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 217 Vampire Basics 
 The reason the two boys had decided to pay Logan a visit right after their classes wasn't just to check up on Peter. A while ago Fex had said that he would teach Quinn how to use the vampire style of martial arts that focused on using their hands and fists as weapons. 
 At the time, Quinn didn't trust Fex too much. So he came up with the idea of allowing Logan to record Fex's ability, and upload it to the games private server. This way Fex would not be able to control Quinn's body and make him attack his friends, but he could use the ability inside the game to teach Quinn how to fight. 
 At this point, the two of them had gotten a little closer, and Quinn actually felt that even if they were to do this outside of the game, Fex would bring no harm to his friends. There were multiple opportunities when Fex could have done this, but he always chose not to and had helped them out greatly. 
 Of course, Quinn was still a little bit cautious, for he didn't even know Fex reason for being at the school. Another reason was also that if they were to practise in the game it would be away from the preying eyes of others. 
 After hearing what Quinn wanted to do, a strange energy filled Logan's eyes once again. 
 "I suppose I still have some energy left in me." Logan said as he quickly hopped onto his computer. "Go on then Quinn, you've done this before, show him what to do." 
 Just like Quinn had done before, Fex was placed into the fairly large glass tube, he was then told to use his ability in different ways while the tube and computer would record how his ability worked. 
 Watching from the outside, Quinn felt like it was strange how the tube and computer were able to so accurately replicate the abilities in the game. The other thing that impressed him was the fact Logan wasn't typing anything into his computer at all. 
 He just had his hand pressed up against it, while this was happening thousands of lines of code where being written. Quinn had seen Logan's ability a few times now and had seen it used in quite versatile ways, so he had come to a conclusion of what it might be. 
 The ability to communicate with machines, or more precisely give life to machines. When Quinn was last in his room and used the inspect skill there were a couple of items, that Quinn thought he should have been able to use, but when he picked them up there was no reaction, nothing at all, and it seemed like the machine was broken. 
 But without saying anything Logan would touch the machine and it would light up and work once again. If his ability was able to give life to the gadgets that he created it was the perfect ability for Logan. 
 With anyone else it would be pretty useless, apart from bypassing doors and such. But for Logan it allowed him to use his ability in so many different ways, just like he was doing now with the games, and with the little spiders, they saw being used multiple times. 
 "And we are done." Logan said as he opened his eyes and let go of the computer. 
 "How will we play?" Quinn axed. "There's only one VR machine." 
 "I actually thought of that beforehand," Logan said as he threw into the air two very small square looking nano sticks. Both Quinn and Fex caught them with ease by swiping their hands in the air. 
 "Usually if you try putting anything into the VR capsules it will just reject them for security reasons, but those have been blessed by me." Logan explained. "Just head to the back and pop them in, then when you log into the VR capsule it will give you the option of which server to connect to. I've put both the shadow and string ability into the private server for you to use. Now get out of here, and go play your little game." 
 Before leaving the room, Quinn gave a few drops of blood to Peter and gave the same command as before. Although Logan felt like there was no reason for the two of them to get into a fight, but he didn't know if Peter's violent nature was being suppressed by Quinn's blood or not. 
 As soon as the two boys left the room, Logan almost collapsed on his bed. He didn't sleep much but every so often he would be burnt out. 
 Peter looked at Logan in the room, before looking at the VR capsule again. 
 "Do you mind if I use the VR capsule?" Peter asked. 
 But Logan was already asleep. 
 "Whatever, it's just a game." Peter said as he climbed into the machine. 
 [Logging in online] 
 [Please create your user ID] 
 Quinn and Fex were now in the game's white lobby room together. They had done as Logan instructed. And just like he said when they went to log into the game, it gave them the option to connect to the normal servers, or the private server Logan had created. 
 Right now they were in the private server. Fex was currently testing out his string ability and he was amazed at how life like it felt. There were a few things that he wasn't able to do with the strings that he could do on the outside, but that was mainly when he tried combining some of his vampire skills with his abilities. 
 After testing out his strings for a while he was finally ready. 
 "Okay, so the idea is, I will control your body using the strings. Now what you need to do is focus on the feeling of each movement. Every sequence of moves starts off somewhere and ends somewhere. You need to put these things together like building blocks. Rather than me showing it to you, this is the best way I can teach you, because your body actually experiences it along with your muscles." Fex explained. "So are you ready?" 
 Quinn was ready this time, within the game, there was no chance for him to be hurt in real life. He stood with his back facing towards Fex and had his arms and legs spread out to make it easier for him. 
 Just like he did with Erin, Fex walked up to Quinn and inserted twelve different pieces of string into twelve different parts of his body. Unlike the real world though, there was no pain involved. 
 Fex did a few simple tests first moving his body around. It felt unnatural to Quinn as he wanted to fight it, and he actually had the strength to resist it a little. Unlike Erin who was limited by her regular human strength, it was easy for Fex to force her to do what he wanted. 
 "Calm down will you!" Fex complained. "For this to work, you need to be in a sleep like state. That way I can use your body how I like. You just need to pay attention with your mind." 
 Quinn closed his eyes and tried relaxing his body, it took a while for him to allow his whole body to go limp as he was afraid he would fall over if he did, but suddenly when he did, he felt a jolt in his legs. 
 He didn't fall over but instead, Fex had taken control of his legs. After getting past the strange feeling the rest was now easy for Fex. He went ahead and did the same set of punches he did every day while he was training at school. 
 Of course, there was a lot more to martial arts then just learning how to do the moves. It was important to know when to use them, what moves countered what and so on. But at least it would allow Quinn to progress quicker. 
 Quinn concentrated hard as Fex demonstrated the moves using his body. As his arms flew out from different angles, they were fast and stiff. At the same time, his body was always in a position where he could see an oncoming attack, while being able to block using his shoulder. 
 After the set of punches were demonstrated to Quinn, Fex disconnected the strings and allowed him to practice them. With the feeling fresh in his mind Quinn didn't want to waste any time and started to perform them. 
 Quinn tried to combine the feeling of the punches, together with his muscle memory from being controlled by Fex, and it seemed to be working out well for him. 
 Fex watched Quinn carefully as each move was performed nearly perfectly to how they were shown. 
 "Looks like we have a fast learner." Fex said. Although the string method was able to help someone progress faster it couldn't help them completely. In the end, it was down to the person. 
 With Erin, she too had tried performing the moves nearly instantly but not once was she successful, but here, it seemed like something had connected for Quinn. 
 'Quinn, am I just making my enemy stronger, or am I making a powerful friend in the future.' Fex thought 
 As Quinn didn't want to let go of this feeling, he continued to practice the punches Fex had taught him, he was slowly perfecting them. 
 Then all of a sudden he heard a DING from the system. 
 ***** 
 Mass release part 2 
 Want another mass release? 
 Then remember to vote using your stones below! 
 The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 218 ZombieP 
 [Basic vampire martial arts unlocked level 1] 
 [New tutorial videos available] 
 The usual sound had appeared which indicated that Quinn was able to unlock something from the system. As he practised the moves, he felt something strange happening. it was as if his body was still being guided by the strings, but it clear it wasn't. The memory was so fresh in his head his body was moving on its own and after the last movement, the message had appeared. 
 'Basic arts?' Quinn read. 'Does this means there are stronger vampire martial arts out there? Maybe Fex only taught me the basics on purpose, or maybe he only knows the basics?' 
 The second message was what interested Quinn more. The last times he had watched the tutorial videos they had helped him out greatly. Teaching him the flash step and the Hammer strike. The second tutorial video taught him how to combine moves. This time, the tutorial was unlocked when Quinn had learned the vampire martial arts so perhaps there was a tutorial skill related to it. 
 He quickly glanced over at Fex, just in case, Quinn chose not to watch the videos right now. Quinn was playing the complete beginner act when it came to vampire arts. If he was to demonstrate a skill that hadn't been taught then it would only raise suspicion. 
 "I think I got the basics down," Quinn said. "Is there anything else besides this?" 
 Fex looked at Quinn again, still mesmerized by how quickly he had learnt the fighting style. This was something he did day in and out as a child and amongst others, and even then he was considered a genius. But if he was a genius then what did that make Quinn who had learnt it in a few hours. 
 The thought came into Fex's head that maybe Quinn had already known the arts and was lying for some reason, but when thinking back to their first fight it seemed impossible. He would have to be a first class actor to fake punches that bad, and then do the same again when fighting against the teacher Leo. 
 "Yes," Fex replied. "These are only the basics, I can perform at a level above what I showed you obviously, but I honestly wouldn't be good enough to teach you it. If you want to learn some more you're better off getting a real teacher to show you." 
 Part of what Fex had just said was a lie. It was true he most likely couldn't teach Quinn. He tried that once before and his explanations weren't the best. Still, whatever Fex could do with his own body he could do using someone as a puppet. Even slightly better. There was a small fear inside Fex that if carried on teaching Quinn and saw the same thing happen with the more advanced vampire martial arts. He wouldn't know how to react. 
 While the two of them were busy practising inside the private server, they were unaware of what was happening elsewhere in the game. 
 [ZombieP Winner] 
 "So is it another hacker, this game has been going downhill these days." Someone watching the match had said. 
 "But that's his fifteenth win in a row. Surly the admins would have found out about him by now?" 
 "I think he just has a really good regenerative ability no? I mean it's in his name." 
 "Well, then how do you explain the extra strength or the crazy speed he has, it doesn't look like he's wearing any beast gear to me." 
 A few people up in the crowd were currently watching a particular student play the VR game. Each of them had lost the matches but found their fights a little strange so they opted to watch the next few games. 
 But as they watched each game the thing they found strange continued to happen. 
 [New match has been found] 
 A new game had started and once again the student they had their eye on was going up against a level three telekinesis user. The telekinesis user had several black balls attached around his chest while his opponent had no weapons at all. 
 Standing on the opposite side was Peter. He didn't look like his usual self as he was slightly disguised by the avatar. Although he selected a pretty basic default design that just had a randomly generated face with a few scraps of clothing. 
 The fight had begun and Peter rushed in forward. At the same time, the telekinesis user threw out the metallic balls using his ability to speed them up. 
 Peter, however, was fast and was able to dodge most of the incoming attacks and the few that he couldn't, he knocked away with his hand. 
 However, the opponent was strong and there were too many metallic balls floating in the air for Peter to dodge, and Peter wasn't exactly the most skilful person when it came to fighting. 
 Eventually, one of the metallic balls came at great speed and managed to hit Peter in the centre of his shin, smashing it and breaking it in half, causing him to fall onto the ground. 
 The others watching this could feel the pain just from watching Peter. Although the game only replicated a small amount of pain back to the user they could imagine it would still hurt a lot. 
 The Telekinesis user calmly walked over to Peter thinking it was all over. He had taken out one of his opponent's legs, and without being able to move it would usually mean the end. 
 However, the others watching from the stand knew it wasn't the end for Peter. They had all thought the same thing when fighting against Peter. Suddenly, after a few moments, Peter was able to stand up again, as if the attack had never hit his leg in the first place. 
 Immediately after he ran towards his opponent. He was caught off guard and in a panic tried to fire all the metallic balls right at Peter. But his speed was impressive. Peter dodged the balls and even though they were now chasing him, he was far faster than the balls. 
 Eventually, when he was close enough, Peter pounced on top of his opponent and widely swung his fists towards his head. There was no class and no style with Peter attacks, it was like one of a wild animal. 
 [Winner ZombieP] 
 Each of the opponent's Peter had gone against had witnessed his impressive regenerative abilities. It was that of a high level ability user. Still, some people were suspicious for Peter seemed to also have impressive strength and speed on top of his healing powers. 
 As the game had ended just outside the VR pod, Logan was finally waking up from his nap. As he slowly opened his eyes and looked around the room he noticed that Peter wasn't there. Upon closer inspection of the room, he noticed that the VR pod indicator light was on, showing that someone was currently using the game. 
 "Peter!" Logan said as he rushed over to the computer and immediately logged in. It was as he thought, Peter had not logged into the private server to play, but instead had logged into the military servers. 
 Quickly, Logan brought up a log of Peter's past games hoping he hadn't done anything to stand out. After watching the highlights of Peter's last game a slight smile appeared on his face. 
 He too was currently witnessing the amazing regenerative abilities that he possessed. When joining the games Peter hadn't selected any abilities. Which meant the VR pod was able to record how Peter's body would be able to react to such things in real life. 
 Just like with Quinn. Because his body was able to perform the vampire abilities the game allowed him to do it. Rather than it being a part of his ability. Right now, the exact same thing had happened to Peter. 
 "These vampires are more interesting than I thought," Logan said, still there was now another problem on Logan's hands. 
 He had already received a few emails from admins, asking to look into the user ID of ZombieP. Making sure it wasn't a hacked player. As there had already been a few complaints made online. 
 "I guess your fame online will be a short one Peter. The world cannot learn of you just yet." 
 With that, Logan forcefully disconnected, Peter from the online world. 
 However, it was a little too late as some of the videos of Peter's amazing regenerative powers had already been spread online. 
 Meanwhile, in another military base, a certain group of boys had also managed to watch the videos that had been posted. 
 "Did you see?" Sam asked. 
 "Yeah, looks like there really will be a lot of interesting people at the Inter-military base event," Nate replied with a big smile. 
 ***** 
 Mass release part 2 
 Want another mass release? 
 Then remember to vote using your stones below! 
 The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 219 Hitting the limi 
 Inside the training hall in one of the military bases, Nate and Sam could be seen training. The second year students had a lot more time compared to the other students. Hence, most of the time, second year students would use their free time for practical training. 
 They often went to the other planets to support the base military in their endeavours. However, as of the moment, the second year students were to remain at their bases for the time being, by virtue of the upcoming Inter-base military event. 
 It was an event that required all of the eight military bases to enter - It was basically a competition among the bases. The events varied from certain activities and games to straight out fighting. The military bases would compete to see who had raised the best and strongest students. Moreover, the leaders and generals would often be rewarded greatly for according to the results that they acquired. 
 The event was important for the military bases and their leaders, since they would often get more funding and privileges based on the performance that they've shown during their participation. 
 Because of this, the second year students, who were the main focus of the events, were practising. This was for the reason that the second year students often had more time to cultivate their abilities to higher levels, able to obtain more beast gear equipment, and just had more experience overall. 
 It was very rare for first years to compete in some of the minor events, as most of the slots for each activity would usually be taken up by a second year student. Still, there were some cases when a first year user might be suited for a particular activity. 
 An example of this would be the hack-the-vault challenge. In this tournament, the team would have to make their way through numerous security devices and sentinel, successfully making their way to the vault right at the end of the course. This didn't solely require strength, but rather, a set of particular skills. 
 The two of them were in the room - Sam was sitting down while poring over a level 6 ability book that was placed on the floor. Meanwhile, Nate was standing as he observed his companion. 
 Sam had his eyes closed for a while now, meditating. All the while energy was flowing inside his body, he was trying the techniques that were written down on the book. The power began to rise from the pit of his stomach, but soon after, he would feel a great pain. 
 All of a sudden, a burning sensation arose in his chest area, promptly stopping him from what he was doing. 
 "Don't push yourself, Sam. This might be your limit." Nate said. 
 Sam looked at his friend's wrist watch that was now displaying the number 7. Nate had grown so much stronger and Sam was always behind him, so he wanted to catch up. Sam had done well in increasing his ability from level 4 to 5. He had even saved up enough money to buy a level 6 wind ability book. 
 Nevertheless, the problem that he had right now was one that tortured many. Hence, he had reached his limit not long after. Just because one had a high level ability book, it didn't entail that they would be eligible to learn it. Usually, humans have varying anatomy, mainly on the aspect that each and everyone of their bodies produces different amounts of MC cells. 
 The burning feeling that Sam could feel in his heart meant that he had reached his limit. Thus, pushing his body any further could be dangerous. 
 Sam knew what this sensation meant as it conveyed the state of his body. However, he still wanted to pursue the matter, even supposing that after several attempts, it seemed like his efforts were useless. He really had abused the extent of strain that his body could bear. 
 Though, it wasn't a complete loss since he could still sell the book to others who would need it. Howbeit optimistic Sam was regarding the issue, Nate could see that his friend was depressed. 
 "Don't worry too much. There are plenty of people out there who are strong even without the use of abilities. Look at that Pure group for example." Nate said with a cheery tone in his voice, wanting to ease the worries of Sam. "All we need to do is get you some good beast gear that suits your ability. Also, we can always work on your skills." 
 Sam could tell that Nate was trying to cheer him up, so he didn't want to stay too depressed in front of him for long. Withal, if there was one thing that could make him feel better, it was bringing his friend back down to his level. 
 "So, about that new teacher, it seems like she's been picking on you during classes lately," Sam said, giggling away like a high-school girl. 
 Nate's face had gone bright red at this point as he started to remember the small banter that he and Silver had. "That teacher is bonkers. She already made fun of my head, but she refuses to call me by my name and calls me blockhead all the time. I even decided to shave the corners of my beautiful hair because of her." 
 "I also heard about how one of the other teachers confessed to her. Apparently, the next day, he came in to school with a black eye," Sam replied as he looked at his friend's new haircut. "I always wondered why you purposely matched up your hair with your face's jawline. I actually think this rounded look is a lot better for you," Sam replied. 
 "You really mean it?" Nate said as he enthusiastically grabbed Sam's hands. "I haven't seen her today, so maybe she will like this new haircut of mine as well. 
 "You poor soul," Sam said while shaking his head. "You don't even realise you're already in too deep." 
 "I wonder where she is?" Nate said, looking around the room. 
 Meanwhile, inside the school's IT room, Silver was currently standing above one of the school's staff members. The reflection from the screen was showing that his eyes had a slight red tint to them, meaning that he was under Silver's control. 
 Right now, he was searching for the school's files regarding a student named Fex. So far, there were no results. It was expected, especially since, if she was in Fex's shoes, she would have never used her real name in the human world. Still, she would try it even if there was a slim chance. 
 After searching the military base's school files, she asked the man to check the other military bases one by one, and to her surprise, a hint about his existence was discovered. 
 "Oh, you stupid little boy." Silver said out loud. The file was found and it seemed like Fex had actually used his real name. The reason why she was unable to find him so far was because he was located at military base two. 
 Although this was good news for her, it wasn't long until the Inter-base military event and there, she would be able to make her move in order to bring Fex home. 
 "Hopefully, you haven't caused too much trouble yet." 
 ***** 
 Mass release day part 2, 3 more chapters later today. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below! The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVs artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 220 Confronting Layla 
 It appeared like everyone was busy, dead set on doing their own thing. Because of this, Vorden was finding the situation a little boring. Before, he would often spend his spare time teaching Peter on how to use the earth ability. 
 If it wasn't something like that, then Vorden would be racking up his head, trying to figure out how to get out of a tough situation. It was as if he always liked to keep his mind busy. If he was left on his own accord, there were only two people who he could talk to. Although, they seemed to be always a bad influence on him. 
 As of the moment, the uninteresting occurrences were transpiring. 
 "Hey, do you really think we can trust her?!" Raten shouted as he asked. "We knew something was up and it looks like we were right, working for Pure. Who knows what she's already told them." 
 "They could be after Quinn." Sil said while continuing to rock back and forth. 
 "Guys, will you all just calm down!" Vorden hollered, annoyed of his companions' complaints. "Sil, I know you're worried, but if Layla has done something, I think Pure or her would have done something by now. Yet, no harm has come to him." 
 With these words, Sill's gradually slowed down the motion he had been doing. This was a sign that Sil was starting to calm down a little. Now, Vorden needed to deal with another person. The more riled up Raten got, it would affect Sil to a similar level. 
 Vorden's aim was always to keep Sil as calm as possible at any point in time. If Sil wanted to, he was the only one who could remove anyone from the chair. 
 There was always this fear with Vorden -- Although he wanted the best for Sil, if Sil ever did remain on the chair, what did that mean for both him and Raten? 
 "What about the next portal outing?" Raten queried. "What if she plans to make her next move then? We need to find her real goal. Actually… scratch that. No risks, just off with her we go." 
 "Fine." Vorden replied, giving in to the idea. He knew firsthand that if he didn't do something, Raten would continue down this path and eventually, he would make Sil worry. "Then, I will go talk to Layla." 
 A few moments passed, Vorden could be seen walking around the school aimlessly, searching for all the popular spots where the other students would usually hang out at. Regrettably for him, as he arrived at each area, he did not find any trace of Layla. 
 'Who does Layla even hang around with?' Vorden contemplated on the matter. As he reminisced, he thought of the two students who were the sole people that he had seen Layla talk to - They were Quinn and Erin. 
 Presently, with Erin gone and Quinn consistently spending his time in the VR pod, it meant that Layla would be most likely in her room. Thus, Vorden proceeded to go to the dorms to try and meet Layla. 
 After a few minutes, he landed at his destination. With a knock on the door, a female student answered it. That was the first time that Vorden had ever seen her. The most prominent feature of the lady was her short black hair, with a fringe that cascaded her face, nearly covering the entirety of her right eye. 
 Her name was Cia and she was the third person who was occupying Erin and Layla's room. 
 "What do you want, blondie?" Cia said with an irked tone in her voice, seemingly bothered by Vorden's appearance. 
 "Is Layla there?" Vorden asked. 
 "Are you her boyfriend?" Cia said as she scanned Vorden's body from head to toe. "I'm guessing you two had an argument or something, judging how she's been since yesterday. Or maybe, it was the fact that she found out her best friends were terrorists, but she's not here." 
 This was the explanation the school had given - That eight students had been found with connections to the group known as Pure and were taken to the dungeon as a form of punishment. 
 "She's not a terrorist," Vorden mumbled. He didn't know why, yet hearing Erin's name trashed like that by a stranger, who didn't know the truth of the whole matter, really annoyed him. 
 "Whatever man. Look, if you want to find layla,, she's usually by the back of the building, sitting on the bench just underneath the large tree. Erin and her would often go there together." 
 With that piece of information, Vorden left without saying another word. Most commonly than not, he would be a bit more polite. However, something about Cia just rubbed him the wrong way. 
 "Oh pretty boy!" Cia shouted. "If you and Layla aren't an item, then feel free to pop a visit in my room anytime." She said, winking at him as she closed the door. 
 "Now, that's my type." Raten said. 
 "Shut up." Vorden replied as he went off to the location that Cia had informed him about. 
 The sun had already set and the darkness encompassed the sky. Although it still wasn't very late, usually, the sun would set after seven in the evening. While walking to the location though, Vorden felt like it would be strange to be seen anywhere in the area. 
 It might be fine in the middle of the day, but at night was plainly bizarre. As he turned the corner, he did indeed see someone sitting alone on a bench right underneath a tree. 
 Vorden moved in closer and closer. Eventually, he reached the spot in front of her. It wasn't until the last moment that Layla lifted her head up. Her eyes were bloodshot and her face was a little swollen. There were signs indicating that she had been crying for most of the night. 
 "Vorden, what do you want?" Layla asked in a rude tone. She had just lost her best friend, and the last person she wanted to see was lingering before her eyes. 
 "I think we need to talk about whether or not I can trust you?" Vorden asked. 
 "This again." Layla moned. "Here, why should I care if you even trust me or not? Let's put it straight, Vorden. Me and you are not friends and we probably never will be. Especially since you keep acting like this all the time." 
 "Look, Layla, I need to know. I thought it was fine, but now that I know you're a part of Pure…" 
 "So what?" Layla interrupted Vorden. "I was in Pure this whole time before everything started. The only difference now is that you guys know about it. That hasn't changed who I am, and let me ask you. Aren't you going around accusing me all the time? But what about you? Why do you care so much about Quinn?" 
 At this point, Layla had stood up from the bench and was starting to inch closer towards Vorden. Accordingly, he continued to step back every time she took a step forward. Withal, it wasn't because he was scared of her, but because of the voices in his head. 
 "If she takes one more step closer to us Vorden and you don't do anything about it, I swear..." Raten said, his tone a tad threatening. 
 "Shut up!" Vorden shouted as he grabbed his head. "Layla, I need to trust you. If I can't trust you, then I'm afraid of what will happen to you." When Vorden spoke of these words, he wasn't saying them in his usual tone of voice. 
 Layla picked up on this, since he had said it sincerely and it made Layla frightened a little. She knew something was up with Vorden, but wasn't sure just what. 
 'Perhaps, it was a drawback of his powerful ability?' She thought 'But just what was happening to Vorden? And why did he give so much attachment to Quinn? 
 "Then tell me, Vorden, what can I do to prove I'm on your side?" She asked. 
 Fortunately, Vorden had prepared an answer for this question. Hence, as he walked over to her, it was the only thing he could think of. "Let Quinn turn you into a vampire. That way, I know that you're on his side." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 221 Peter into Pio 
 Layla's anger bubbled within her at such a question. She wanted to shout and ask the same question to him! Why couldn't he do it as well? He could get turned as well. And yet despite wanting to ask such a question on why he couldn't do the same… she already knew the answer. It was the loss of the ability of Vorden. He was already strong on his own and proved himself a good asset to the team. His skills were versatile and had helped them out several times because of that. 
 While for her it didn't mean much. Her powers were quite weak only being a level 2. In fact, she had even bought a level three ability book before hoping to improve her powers but there was no such luck. She was one of the unfortunate souls that even with money weren't able to increase the strength of her ability. She was stuck at level two this was her bottleneck. 
 "I want to Vorden, but it's too risky right now." She replied. 
 At first, when Layla had met Quinn and had experienced what happened to her, she really did want him to turn her. Growing up the only form of entertainment she had was books. It was her escape from her time at the Pure base. 
 Day in and out, they would constantly show videos, have classes and training related to their goal. Then when she could finally relax she took her time reading fantasy stories of the old. Often in the books, it would talk of a vampire sweeping a girl away from all her problems and taking them to a new world, away from everything. 
 After meeting Quinn this was what had attracted her, but at the same time she couldn't forget about the reality of why she was at the base in the first place. Her mind kept straying away and reminding her she needed to stick to the cause. 
 So she had planned to inform Pure of her findings, a way to make their members stronger without using abilities. However, as she grew closer to Quinn she was afraid what would happen to him if she was to reveal to Pure what he was. 
 There was always the chance that Pure wouldn't be okay with it. Sometimes the organisation's actions even confused her with how they worked and what they deemed okay. In a way, beast weapons that they used were just like abilities, with those more powerful than others. 
 Did Pure distribute them equally to their followers? Yet, they deemed this as okay. Then when she saw what happened with Peter, second thoughts were running through her head. IF Layla were to do those things then she didn't know how she would face her family. 
 She wasn't very close with them but her mother was all she knew and all she had right now. 
 "If I go off the radar, stop reporting to Pure and choose to be by Quinn's side, they could run an investigation. They might think at first what happened to me was the same as everyone else, but they would quickly find out I was still okay. They would then look into me send higher-ups and then Quinn would be in even more trouble." Layla explained. "When the time is right, I promise I will be by Quinn's side." 
 Although she had said this she still wasn't sure herself. When it came between choosing Pure over Quinn right now she would still choose Pure where her family was and now Erin as well. 
 After hearing her explanation it seemed Layla had made a lot of sense. She could be lying about the whole thing but Vorden didn't really know how Pure worked. Right now, everything was okay so he wouldn't want to stir the pot anymore. 
 "It's not just about Pure," Vorden replied. "You're too weak to help and it seems like you will cause more problems for us in the future than help. At least you might be of some use to us if you're turned." 
 These last words that Vorden had spoken were the biggest hit to Layla. She knew this, her whole life she felt like this even within the Pure organisation. She wasn't any help to her mother, she wasn't any help to her friends and she couldn't even help that much when her friend needed her. 
 "Vorden, can I ask?!" She shouted and focused her thoughts elsewhere, "How did you know I was here?" 
 This area she was in right now was a place where she and Erin would often just hang out with the two of them. There were never many students here so she was surprised Vorden was able to find her. 
 "Your roommate told me!" Vorden shouted back as he walked away. 
 "Roommate, Cia? How would she know? I'm surprised she actually paid attention to me and Erin. She was always just off doing her own thing. Maybe that girl is a sweeter person than she looks." 
 **** 
 The next day had arrived, and it had now been a couple of days since the whole event with Truedream was over and done with. The school no longer searched for the missing students, after doing a sweep of the school, it looked like none of the students had seen Peter or Erin. 
 In the end, they deemed that the video that had been sent must have been true and they were too late. Things were starting to get back to normal. With this, Logan had made preparations for today was the day that the student known as Pio Blank would return. 
 With the help of Leo, they were able to gain access to the portal room once again. The security surrounding the place wasn't as on high alert now and being a sergeant Leo had privileges to use the room as he wished. 
 Sometimes the sergeants would visit other planets to brush up their skills hunting beasts on the portals. Or maybe even visit a few family and friends. 
 Leo was able to sneak Peter into the room and with him, several of Logan's mechanical little spiders. After that, Leo left the room and it was all down to Peter. 
 "You ready?" Peter said. 
 Everything had been prepared beforehand. The wristwatch had been altered to indicate the pulse of a living person along with the level 4 ability and Logan had also made a few adjustments in the other rooms, that he still hadn't informed the others about. 
 With Logan's ability and the use of his spiders, he didn't personally have to be anywhere to make adjustments. Logan was able to freely control the metallic spiders however he wished. Using his computer he was also able to monitor and here everything that was going on in those rooms. 
 IF the spiders were ever spotted, they had a certain pattern on them that made them just look like any other spider. Form time to time, people would attempt to splatter them, but Logan would try his best to scurry them away before that happened. 
 At the moment, even Peter's clothing had looked roughed up to indicate he was either travelling through the desert or even going from shelter to shelter at the time until he had found his way back. 
 With everything set and done. Logan pressed a key on his keyboard. At the same time in a different location, in the school's security office, a signal was detected. 
 "There has been a signal activated from one of the portals." A man said. "Send word to anyone nearby immediately." 
 It didn't take long for the two guards by the door to enter the portal room and find Pio immediately. Hayley soon came along with Fay to check on who had made the signal. The main reason why the generals were called was just in case it was a beast that had managed to enter through the portals. 
 "That's one of the missing students!" Fay shouted as soon as she saw Peter. She had recognised him since she had dealt with their case files. She had looked at the five students who had supposedly died that day over and over again. 
 "Quick, Hayley takes him to the medical facility; we need to check that he's all healthy. This is the first bit of good news we have had in quite a while." 
 Right now inside Logan's room, Quinn and the others were standing over him, and as they heard those words they all looked at each other in horror. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 222 Unlocking the code 
 "Hey, when have I ever messed up?" Logan complained. "It's pretty obvious that as soon as they find a student who has been missing for a while, and comes back in tattered clothes from a planet that had suffered a Dalki attack, the first thing they would do is take him to the medical facility." 
 It was something the others hadn't thought about. They had all been to busy and focused with their own problems and kinda thought this would be it. All they could do right now was believe in Logan's words and trust that he was able to figure out a good plan. 
 As they took Peter to the medical facility, Hayley went ahead and ran a general check on Peter's condition. There wasn't much she needed to do as technology had come quite a way and she noticed he didn't have any physical wounds on his body. 
 This meant there was no need for her to personally use her ability to heal anything on the outside. 
 She hooked Peter up to a large tube-like machine, while also placing several little of what appeared to be white stickers all over his body. The machine would show his internals and display his insides, as well as see if there was something wrong with any of his organs, including his heart. It further looked into the details of his blood pressure and all sorts of vitals. 
 And, everything could be done with the single use of the machine. This was were Logan's ability had come to its advantage. Beforehand, before this all happened, Logan was able to fake a sickness and enter the medical facility. During this time, he had touched each and every machine available there. 
 While doing so, he had taken control of the machines making them feel alive. He could now give them commands and they would follow them whenever he wanted to. 
 The others sat their nervously, as Hayley would continue to jot down information on her little tablet every now and then. she would look on the screen and then go back to her tablet. 
 "It looks like you're in perfect condition," Hayley said as Peter lifted himself out of the machine. "Now I just need to ask you a few questions." 
 Once again, the others listening in on everything were a little worried. But as she asked him questions, Peter had answered everything perfectly. Hearing this, Logan was nodding his head proudly, but the others weren't too sure. 
 The problem was, Peter had answered them all too perfectly. Answering almost immediately and in a robot-like voice. 
 Hayley continued with her questions while a soldier stood by her side, noting down everything. She had even asked about what had happened to him before this point. 
 Logan had come up with a backstory that was plausible according to the situation. It detailed about when the Dalki had attacked their group, he had run away and escaped. The only problem was that all his equipment had been left behind and he had no clue where he was. 
 He travelled through the desert for numerous days, managing to feed himself using the survival skills the school had taught him, eventually reaching a shelter. The problem was that it was the wrong shelter. The shelter only had teleporters that linked to other planets and none back to earth or the military base, but he found out the shelter he had come from wasn't too far. 
 He stayed until he regained his strength and purchased a map leading him to the original shelter and eventually returned back to the military base. 
 Once the questioning was over. Hayley left Peter to be with a soldier guarding him as he rested while she went off to give a report to Nathan. 
 "So, how is the boy?" Nathan asked. 
 "Thankfully, he seems to be in perfect condition health-wise but…" Hayley hesitated. 
 "But what?" Nathan replied. 
 "It seems like his mind isn't all there. Sometimes, his response was quite rigid and there seemed to be a lack of emotion. When checking Pio before, he didn't have any of these signs. Although this could be due to the trauma of being attacked by the Dalki; perhaps, he will come around in the future." 
 "That's great news!" Nathan said. "As long as the student is fine, it will be okay. We can inform his parents about the good news for now. They don't need to know about the rest until later. There is no use worrying them over nothing if he is to return to normal soon. Have him rejoin classes tomorrow." 
 "But sir!" Hayley complained, "Don't you think it's too soon to send him out again? He has only just come back." 
 "You might be right about that; inform the student and let him decide. If he wishes to go then, let him." 
 "As you wish, sir," Hayley said before returning. 
 As Hayley left the room, Nathan went to pick up the files on his desk as he read through them one by one, he felt like pulling his hair out. he had a stressful few days coming up. His way of thinking would often clash with the military's current way. 
 But this time he thought it was too much. 
 "An orange portal outing, just what are they thinking?" Nathan said. 
 It seemed like Peter's disguise had worked and they had bought Logan's plan. Quinn didn't quite know how he did it but, he knew it was something only he good could do. 
 With the tension now gone, it really did seem like their group finally had no more problems to deal with. There was still the matter with Duke, but now with Peter gone, there was no direction. They would just have to wait for him to make his next move against Vorden and to slip up somewhere. 
 It was late that night and the others had left the room to go to sleep. Just before they left the room, Fex had spotted something on Logan's workbench. It was the square-shaped portable teleporter. 
 While the others were busy saying their goodbyes and having a friendly chat with each other, Fex decided to move closer to have a look. The workbench wasn't your usual type of workbench. 
 There were several tools designed there just for Logan's use. There were even several computer screens just above the workbench. Right now, it looked like he had the square teleport device hooked up via some cables leading upward to the computer screen. 
 On the screen above was a random list of numbers, spanning long rows and rows of different sequence of numbers. The machine was going through different sequences at an alarming rate and each time, the number would blink red and go onto the next sequence. 
 'He can't be trying to crack the thing, can he? I thought these things were meant to be unbreakable." But Fex wasn't so naive. Perhaps the Vampires thought the devices were pretty secure but after witnessing what Logan was able to do time and time again, he thought maybe there was the chance Logan would be able to crack the code. 
 'This is bad.' Fex thought. The square portable teleporters were different from the round ones the earthlings used. They were a lot more advanced. The circular teleporters were set to go to one destination only. 
 While the square ones worked more like a teleport station. An access code needed to be put in and depending on which access code was used, it would teleport you to the correct station. This was how Fex was able to arrive on earth, through a similar type of teleporter. 
 The problem was there being two types of square teleporters, with each slightly different in design. On the top where the code was to be inputted, it could either be green or red. Green meant it was able to be used to travel to any teleport station, this included the ones on other planets, not just earth. 
 The one inside of Logan's room had a red panel on top. Similar to the circle portals, they had one destination and one destination only, it was back to the place where Fex had come form. 
 He had realised this before but thought nothing much of it because, without the access code, Logan would never be able to use the teleporter. 
 But looking at the screen, Fex didn't know when, but soon, he would have access to the teleporter. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on instgram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 223 A new Team 
 As everyone walked off and headed back to their rooms, Fex managed to pull Quinn to the side just before they were about to part ways. After all, Fex and Quinn's rooms were on the opposite ends of the hall. 
 "Just a little warning to you, Quinn. The device that Logan had been tinkering around with on his workbench, it's a portal leading back home. If he discovers the access code and where it goes to, you need to do everything you can to stop him. Otherwise, the two of us will be found out and we will be in big trouble." 
 Finished with what he wanted to say, Fex quickly left Quinn before he could even ask any questions. 
 "What was that all about?" Quinn murmured. 
 He then decided to think carefully about the words Fex had said. The device on his workbench was the teleportation device that had been created by Richard Eno. Quinn knew of this fact only thanks to the systems inspect skill and then later had informed Logan. 
 By home, there could only be one place Fex was talking about. It was where the vampires came from. Still unsure whether or not that was somewhere on earth or another planet. But most likely from the hints given out so far, it seems like at somewhere along the way, between when the systems creator was a vampire and the vampires now, they had moved from the earth and relocated to another planet. or at least a place hidden from the human eye. 
 He understood that if Logan was to figure it out, he needed to stop him. The only thing Quinn didn't understand was why Fex seemed so concerned. If Logan was to travel through the portal, why would he get in trouble? 
 It started to make Quinn think of his first meeting with Fex. He mentioned something along of the lines that he wasn't meant to be here. Is that the reason why Fex hadn't acted against Quinn? If he was to be found out then, he would be in trouble as well. And, based on what he said just now, he had basically confirmed it. 
 If this was all true then, Quinn didn't need to worry about Fex. 
 "If what you are thinking is along those lines, then I'm afraid the situation is worse," The system said. "Based on the boy's young age and at the same time, his great skill. It would be wise to assume he holds a high position in one of the vampire families. If he is not here on orders then, they will send others on his trail to retrieve him. We need to be careful." 
 All of this meant one thing; it was another reminder for Quinn to get stronger and be quick in doing so. 
 The next day, the first-year students were called into the assembly hall for a meeting once again. It was a little bit of a surprise but, they assumed it either had something to do with the next portal outing that was to be held this weekend or the Inter military base event in a couple of weeks. 
 As Vorden lined up next to Quinn, the two of them looked around the room and eventulley spotted Peter. Peter had been asked whether he wanted a break before joining the school again, and they even asked him if he wanted to take part in the next outing. 
 They had expected him to say no, but to their surprise, Peter had insisted to be taken on board, claiming that he wanted to get more experience as soon as possible in order to prevent such a thing happening to him again. 
 The real reason though, was because Quinn had asked him to. It was important for Quinn to keep Peter as close as possible to him. 
 While Vorden was looking around the room, his eyes had managed to catch the female student Cia. She was standing right by Layla, which was expected since the two of them were roommates. 
 Vorden started thinking back at the girl's strange words and just then, the two of their eyes met. Cia noticed this and blew over a kiss towards Vorden. Seeing this, Vorden quickly turned away. 
 "What is wrong with that girl, no class at all. Nothing like Erin." Vorden quietly complained. 
 "You prefer that lame ice girl to her? What is wrong with you?" Raten said. 
 Onto the stage walked Nathan. It was the first time many of the first-year students had seen him. Usually, a general would hardly ever talk to the students unless it was something important which made the students fidget and slightly worry. 
 "Okay, I'm not one for speeches; so, let's get to the point," Nathan said. "The portal outing on the weekend; I'm here to tell you all it won't be like usual. This year, the military has decided to expand their operation and get more aggressive in planetary explorations." Nathan explained. 
 "So, what does that mean for you guys? Well, instead of the normal Green portal, you guys get to jump ahead and explore an Orange portal instead." 
 Hearing the news, the students suddenly broke into gossip. 
 "An Orange portal this soon, I thought they only did that with the second years." 
 "What if we run into high-level beasts?" 
 "Why would they do this to us, especially after the Dalki attack?" 
 "Silence!" Nathan shouted as he slammed his fist down onto the podium. Nathan rarely got angry but he knew he had to calm down the crowd before it got out of control. The other factor was he really didn't think this was the right decision. 
 It was too early for them and they could seriously hurt themselves but, his boss Paul had ordered it and he had to follow. 
 "Worry not for there will be two sergeants sent out with you on this journey. Leo, head of the beast weapon class and Fay; these are two of our strongest generals, so even if you do run into high-level beasts, they should be able to help you. I will now let Fay explain how the portal outing will work for all of you." 
 Fay then took over and walked to the podium. By the time she had arrived, Nathan had already left the hall. He had already done everything he needed to do. 
 "An Orange portal outing is different from the Green portal outing you did before. The Green outing is focused on competition between each group but, the Orange outings focus on working together. Each class will travel together in groups of fifty. The main goal is exploration. Portal planets have yet to be fully explored. Each class will head in a different direction but we shall remain close to each other. 
 "You will remain in your teams of five while traveling in the larger group of fifty. Each team will be given a certain device that would be used to survey the land and map out the terrain. The data recorded will be used to automatically create a world map and other maps for future use on the planet. 
 "More details will be explained once the devices have been given to you. It will also go into depth about how points will be distributed per each team. For those of you who lost members on the last trip and a few new faces, please fill into those groups lacking members. If all teams are filled, please come to me; I will randomly assign you to a group. Please do this now." Fay commanded. 
 The hall of students quickly shifted around with everyone getting into the same groups they were in before. Quinn, Vorden, and Layla reminded in one group. Technically, Peter and Erin had left their group so there were two spaces left vacant. 
 Peter, now known as Pio had decided to come over to join Quinn's group. This had been the plan all along. 
 "So, what do we do about the fifth person?" Vorden Inquired. 
 As Quinn looked around the room, he noticed once again that Fex was all on his own. During his time at school, he really hadn't spent time with anyone else other than Quinn and the others. And due to the low level indicated on his watch, the other teams that were laking in people totally avoided eye contact with him. 
 Seeing this, Quinn shouted, "Fex, come join us over here!" 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 MVS artwork on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 224 An Addition 
 Some of the others thought that what Quinn was trying to do wasn't the right move. They were sure that Fex was hiding something, but at the same time, they weren't surprised. Recently, Quinn and Fex had been hanging out with each other more often, so an occurrence as such was expected. 
 "Perhaps, this is an instance of keeping your friends close but your enemies closer," Vorden said as quietly as possible. Right now, he was standing next to Layla. Thus, he had said those words loud enough just for her to hear, even slightly leaning his body towards her ear. 
 As Layla looked up, she could see Vorden staring down at her. After meeting his gaze, she knew that the comment was being directed at her. 
 There was the urge inside her to retaliate and say something back, but after their last conversation, she just felt defeated. 
 All of a sudden, Fex came rushing over towards the others. The group didn't really know what to say. They hadn't;t really attempted to make much conversation with him because they were afraid they might say something that would give Quinn away. After all, they were aware of the awkward situation he was in. So they would just allow Quinn to deal with it. 
 "I guess you guys realized how lame your group is." Fex said, his tone indicated that he was proud of himself. "So, you immediately needed me to boost it up a level. Well, if you really insist." 
 Upon hearing that, an awkward smile made its way to Quinn's face. He merely wanted to be close to Fex, hoping he could eventually learn more about the vampire world. After what happened on the last portal outing, he became incredibly worried. 
 Although Quinn had gotten stronger, he still wasn't strong enough to deal with the weakest of the Dalki. Also, he couldn't imagine how powerful the vampires, who were coming after Fex, would be. 
 Accordingly, one thing was simple - He needed to get stronger faster. There were only two days left before the next portal outing. As he thought about ways to boost his strength, there were a few things that came into his mind. 
 One, he still hadn't studied with the new tutorial videos that had been unlocked after learning the vampire martial arts. Adding more variety to his attack skills would always come in handy. 
 Another way for Quinn to get stronger was to obtain more skill points. There were several shadow skills he had yet to unlock. However, to get stat points, he needed to level up his current shadow abilities. 
 And the final way to get stronger was to increase his stats. He could either level up, but the amount of exp required for the next level up would increase significantly. By just playing the game, he wouldn't be able to make a measly dent on it. He could go around challenging random people. Nevertheless, while the others thought he was a level one and with the school on alert, that wouldn't be in the list of his best ideas. 
 Still, there was another way that he could utilize to increase his stats and strength - It was entirely unique to him and that was by obtaining the blood of as many different people as possible. When Quinn saw how useful Fex' charm ability was, he felt like there might be a way for him to quickly do this. 
 However, when he had tried this method on a few students as he passed the halls, it was unsuccessful for the most part. To the few that they were successful on, Quinn could only remove their memory, yet was unable to command them to move. 
 This meant that it wasn't much use unless he could find a student that would fit the criteria of the skill. If he wanted to go through with this plan, he would need more stat points in his charm skill, which just led him back to the original problem. 
 'Are there any other ways to get blood?' As Quinn thought about this, the image of the city hospital suddenly popped into his head, again. Still, he would have a problem with the cameras. For now, he would just have to focus on upgrading his shadow abilities along with learning the tutorial videos. 
 While everyone was huddled up in their groups, there seemed to be three stray students that had walked up to the front of the assembly hall, going straight to stand by Fay's side. 
 As she looked into the crowd of people, she started to look at each of the groups. Every single one of them was already filled with five people. 
 "You over there." Fay said, pointing to one student and then to the next from another group. 
 "You there, and you…" She surveyed the room one more time and her eye had managed to capture Vorden, who was just at the back. Fay had seen his face on documents more times than she would have liked, so she decided to let his group deal with the remaining student. 
 "And you, you can head to those at the back." She said. 
 The others were too preoccupied with their conversations, busy talking about what they might expect to find in an orange portal planet. Vorden was the one with the most knowledge in the group, and he was saying how it varied from place to place. 
 The orange portal was in the midst of two stages. Once the whole Planet had been explored, they would use the information that they had gathered to update it's status to green or red. Although it was usually a task that would take a few months to accomplish, so it was unlikely they would be able to get much done. 
 Just then, a voice echoed loudly within the hall. 
 "Hello?" Cia said as she entered the circle. She then turned her head towards Vorden and started to wave her hand in front of the young man's face. 
 "You," Vorden replied, shocked that he saw Cia. "What are you doing here? Look, I'm not interested." 
 "Well, that's a shame, but it looks like you're stuck with me." Cia replied. 
 She proceeded to glance at Layla and gave her a wave too. 
 Meanwhile, Quinn became curious about what was happening, so he decided to inquire, "What do you mean?" 
 "Sergeant Fay has asked me to join your team. You see, the team I was in before, well, it turns out that three of them were part of Pure, so the two of us had no other groups to go to . That is the reason why Fay told me to go with you guys." Cia explained. 
 'This was unexpected and a little bit annoying' Quinn thought as he prevented his emotion from showing. 
 Right now, everyone in their team knew of each other's abilities. However, Cia knew nothing. She didn't know that Layla was part of Pure, Quinn and Fex were a vampire, and Peter's identity. If she was to join the team, it would only slow them down. 
 Cia then looked at each of the members. "So I'm already acquainted with the Hottie and Puppy eyes over there." She said, referring to both Vorden and Layla. "But what about the rest of you." 
 She gave them an intense stare, and it seemed like they were a very strange bunch for the young lady. Latterly, she pointed at each one of them as she continued to provide them nicknames. 
 "Average joe over there." Pointing to Quinn. 
 "Dead eyes." Pointing to Peter. 
 "And…" When she got to Fex, she paused slightly. 
 As of the moment, he had turned on his charm and was trying to draw her in as much as possible. First impressions were always important to him and he wanted to make a good one. 
 "Go on then," Fex said. "Compliment me on my good looks." 
 "Arrogant young master type." She said. 
 This surprised Fex greatly. Although his charm might have not completely persuaded her, it should have had some effect, though it seemed there was none. 
 Cia looked defeated and appeared like she didn't want to be in the group at all, not realising that they felt the same way, especially after her words. 
 "Well, we better get to introducing everyone then. If we have to work as a team, I guess the first thing we need to know about is everyone's abilities right?" Cia asked. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 MVS artwork on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 225 Support Abilities 
 When the question asking about their abilities arose, everyone in the circle was a bit hesitant to answer. After all, it was an awkward question due to it being quite personal. It was as if you're revealing your weakness to another person. However, at the same time, it should be a given to know your teammates' abilities. 
 Although, the main problem was that the school still didn't know about Quinn's ability. As for Peter, they assumed that he still had his duplication ability - The one that he most recently copied from someone else. 
 "I don't have an ability." Quinn quickly answered all the while he lifted up his wristwatch to show Cia that he was a level one. After seeing this, she quickly ignored him and moved onto the next person. 
 Quinn was fine with this since this expedition would be quite different. The whole class would be travelling together for the orange portal expedition. Thus, he would have to hide his abilities to the rest of the class. Hiding them from one more person wouldn't hurt. 
 "I already know Layla's, and most people learnt about that pretty boy after the event with the second years in the assembly hall. That means I just need to know yours." Cia said as she looked towards Peter. 
 Peter then gave Cia a rather uncordial glance, since he wasn't in a great mood. What annoyed him wasn't Cia's attitude towards him, but her disregard for Quinn, his master. 
 "I can show you first hand if you want," Peter said, raising his fist. 
 "Peter!" Quinn snapped, so Peter immediately put his fist down and went back to his master's side. 
 "What the hell was that all about?" Cia asked in bewilderment. She knew her teasing could piss off some people at times. Hence, because of this, she was usually quite cold at gauging people's snapping points and when to stop. Still, Peter's outburst seemed a little abrupt to her. 
 "Don't you think you should tell us your ability first before asking for hours?��� Vorden questioned. 
 "Well, my ability will be a little hard to explain, so why don't I just show you?" Cia looked at all the people in the group. At first, she would have tried using her ability against Peter. However, judging by how he acted, she didn't want to do that now. 
 Out of all the people in the group, there seemed to be one target that stood out as the weakest. 
 As Cia lifted her hand, smoke gradually appeared on top of her palms - The smoke was coloured in the shade of blue that the skies had. It started to form a certain shape - its body was similarly hued to the smoke. After a brief window, a pointed blade emerged on one end of the fully formed thin rod. The final product was a short spear, spanning half of Cia's height, made of animate smoke. 
 Without warning, she looked towards her target and threw the spear. It flew through the air and managed to hit Quinn dead in the chest. The spear had permeated his body, a part of it protruding on his back. 
 The others couldn't believe that Quinn had just been attacked right in front of their eyes. 
 "Quinn!" Layla shouted. "Are you okay?" 
 When the spear had made contact with Quinn, he felt no pain. Although he could feel the object piercing him, it didn't seem to have inflicted any physical damages - No bruises, scratches, or holes where blood could trickle. 
 Still and all, there was definitely an effect. Part of his energy felt like it was being absorbed by the weapon. It was a similar feeling of when he was out in the sun, only a lot weaker. 
 Finally, the notification sound was heard. 
 *Ding 
 [You have been affected by Spirit Spear] 
 [All stats have been reduced by 10 percent] 
 The sensation that Quinn had was just confirmed by the system message. 
 Peter was outraged, having the urge to lash out at Cia, but suddenly, he could feel an immense amount of pressure burning the side of his body - It was Quinn. 
 "What...did you do to me?!" Quinn said, his anger evident in his voice that became a bit deeper. 
 The others had never seen Quinn like this before, so they were stunned. Meanwhile, filled with rage, Quinn started to walk towards Cia. Right now, Quinn was unsure what Cia's skill was. All he knew was it had reduced his stats by ten percent. 
 If this was a permanent effect, then he would have lost a lot of hard work. 
 'Is this guy really a level one?' Cia thought as she looked into the anger that was swimming in Quinn's eyes. She wasn't sure if she imagined it or not, but she thought she could see the colour of his eyes slowly starting to turn red. 
 "Hey Quinn, relax." Fex said as he jumped in between the two of them before Quinn could even act. He then leaned forward and whispered to Quinn, making sure his body and head was blocking Cia from seeing him. 
 "Quinn, your eyes, they're Red. You need to control your anger and calm down." Fex advised. 
 However, as Quinn thought about how hard he had worked to gather those stat points and them going away just like that, his anger started to boil again. 
 [Spirit spear has worn off] 
 [Stats have returned to normal] 
 The spear that impaled his chest slowly dissipated into thin air and the energy seemed to return to his body. At the same time, his mind was suddenly cleared along with his anger. 
 "Hey, did you really think I would hurt you in front of all these teachers and students? It looks like I've joined a team of crazy people." Cia complained. 
 "A support ability?" Vorden said. 
 Cia simply nodded as a response to Vorden's query. 
 The reason Vorden hadn't reacted the same way as the others were, was because he had seen this type of ability before. 
 "I'm guessing that it's the spirit drain ability. Am I correct?" Vorden inquired further. "It allows the user to form spirit weapons in their mind. When this spirit hits its target, it can either act as a buff or debuff. There are different types of spirit abilities. If this is spirit drain, then this acts a debuff on the user. I don't know the finer details about it though." 
 "Thank you," Cia said. "I knew someone on the team would have a brain. Like he said, my ability when it hits, it is able to debuff the target for five seconds and then the effect wears off. The good thing about it is that the spears can also stack up. In that time frame, the more spears impaled into the target's body, the heavier the debuff. Because I'm only a level three though, the amount of time the spear lasts is only three seconds and the distance I can throw the spear is quite short." 
 The others didn't want to admit it, but having Cia in the team would be a great addition. Support type abilities were greatly sought after. The problem was that they were also very unpopular. 
 Usually, support abilities required one to work with a team. Without them, they were pretty much useless. Cia's spears didn't inflict much damage to its target. It would only drain their energy and stats. Meaning, while she was using her spears, it would be best if someone else dealt with the target. 
 For this reason, many people tend to overlook this ability whenever they're about to pick, since it was hard to be defenceless in a battlefield. Although there were the plus sides, if one was to select a support ability, it meant that they would easily be able to join a faction in the future. 
 "Anyway, it looks like this group won't amount to much." Cia uttered." So why don't we just meet up on the day of the portal outing? There's no point training together within the two days left prior to the expedition." 
 "But…" Ahead of arguing her case, Quinn interrupted Layla's speech. 
 "I agree. Why don't we all do our own thing before the portal outing? It's been a tiring week and I think some of us can do with some rest." Quinn said. 
 Before the others could even say anything, Cia was already walking off. The assembly had ended and students were told that, until the portal outing, they would have the next two days off. This was to make up for the weekend that they would, most often than not, utilize to rest. 
 The idea was also to allow the students to focus on teamwork. It was a free period, still, the teachers encouraged the students to ask them for help and guidance. 
 Nevertheless, Quinn had his own ideas and plans ahead of the expedition. 
 While everyone was busy doing their own business, Quinn had arrived at the VR gaming room. With the Nano stick that had been given to him, he no longer needed to bug Logan. Accordingly, he headed to his room in order to use the private servers. 
 "Now, let's see what you got." 
 [Tutorial video for skill Phantom hit has begun] 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 226 Phantom Punch 
 The VR room was the best place to practise and now that he also had access to Logan's private server it meant Quinn could also practise his shadow abilities freely. If there was no way for him to get blood at the moment then that meant he would just have to focus on learning more skills. 
 The first thing Quinn was going to do was have a look at the new tutorial video he had unlocked after learning the vampire martial arts. 
 [Phantom Punch tutorial] 
 Was the name of the video. It made sense that the new skill was somehow related to a punch since the vampire martial art mainly focused on using hands. 
 "Hello there!" The blonde man in a cheery voice said in the video. Once again the blonde man was in a martial arts hall with wooden floors and such. Quinn started to think about just where the place was located. Was it on earth, like the system AI said or maybe another place? 
 Still, the mystery also remained just who this blonde man was. If only Quinn was able to trust Fex enough. He would try to find a way to show what the blonde man looked like to Fex. Maybe he would have an answer. 
 "It seems you are progressing quite well. Unfortunately, my talents never really seemed to fit in well with the vampire martial arts and I thought you two might stray from this path. But just in case I decided to include this video if the user ever decided to learn it. 
 "In my opinion, this is one of the most useful skills to have. But just a little warning, this skill seems to work better with beings with a high level of intelligence. Namely humanoid creatures. When testing this against a beast it has little to no effect." 
 Sharing this disappointed Quinn a little. He was just about to go on an Orange portal outing where there were plenty of beasts. Still, the skill would be useful, Dalki, vampires and humans all fell into the humanoid category and lately, it seemed like Quinn was going to be attacked by them a lot more than beasts these days. 
 "To perform this skill based on the system stats you will need at least 15 points of agility and 10 points of charm. These are the minimum requirements. Now as you increase your points into Charm and Agility this skill will work even better. This is a skill that instead of evolving by using it more and more. It evolves with your stats." 
 This sounded a little confusing at first but Quinn felt like he understood. After using the blood swipe multiple times it had eventually evolved, this was the same with blood spray and also the shadow skills. 
 It seemed like whatever skills were related to the Charm stat, would evolve, or become more powerful as the stat related was increased. Such as his Daze and influence skills. 
 "This skill will be a tricky one to show, so you will have to listen to my explanation very carefully." The blonde man said. 
 The man then brought out a human mannequin that appeared to be made of foam. He blasted out throwing his fist just touching the mannequin ever so slightly. The set of moves and punches he had used were the same that he and Fex had learnt. 
 "Now, I'm going to chat a little bit just for the video and show you how the skill would look." 
 The blonde man took a deep breath, and then suddenly threw out a punch lightning fast towards the head. It was a perfect hit. 
 *Bang 
 The sound of the impact was heard but when looking at the video, there was no such mark on the mannequin head. When taking a closer look, instead of a marking on the head, there was a fist mark on the body instead. 
 'But I was sure I saw him aim for the head? When did he hit the body?' Quinn thought. 
 "As I said before this is just a demonstration of what the skill looks like and not me actually using the skill. This is the phantom punch. While in a fight, you will aim your punch in a certain direction to start, before the first movement is made, your charm skill will take slight control of the user's mind, to them an image will appear and make it look like the punch has continued heading in the initial direction. 
 "But in actual fact, this will be a phantom punch, while the user is dodging or trying to block it, the real blow will come from somewhere else. This skill works even better if you have high enough agility. You will be able to perform several phantom punches at once confusing your opponent. But be careful just like with daze it has a chance of not working well. 
 "This is why I recommend you increase your charm points when possible. What I just did was not the real phantom punch, instead, I decided to just change the direction of my Punch at such a speed that the video was unable to capture it. I'm pretty amazing right?" 
 After hearing this line, it reminded Quinn a little bit of Fex. HE was starting to think whether all vampires were really like this. Arrogant and big headed. 
 "The phantom punch can only be used against real opponents, so there is no way for me to show just you through the video." 
 After the initial video explanation was over, as usual, there were a few more videos which broke down the action slowly bit by bit. Quinn began to watch the videos. The first video explained the feeling when using the charm ability on your opponent. 
 He explained it saying it should feel similar to when Quinn would use the Daze skill. He should gather that feeling again and try to focus it through his eyes. Then using his strong will and the image in his head, he would be able to project a fist outward. This, in turn, would allow the opponent to see the same thing. 
 The next set of videos explained the hard part, it was combining the two together. After hearing the explanation Quinn didn't think it would be too hard. But just practising it, not using it against an opponent, he found out it was extremely difficult. 
 It was similar to someone learning the piano. One part of the brain needed to focus and do a certain action, while the other part needed to do a different action. The problem was it was the same arm that was meant to be doing the action. 
 If he projected thoughts to target the head, and tried punching below, as soon as he thought too much about hitting the head his fist would automatically hit upward. 
 Still, Quinn wasn't the type to give up. If there was one thing he was good at, it was the fact that he was able to repeat an action again and again. He never got bored of doing the same thing over. 
 As he repeated the move several times he slowly started to be able to separate his thoughts and actions into two separate things. 
 He had now lost count of how many punches he had performed, the good thing though was he didn't feel tired at all because of the game. However, it did have a huge impact on his mind. 
 He didn't know whether it was because he was in the game, or trying to split his thought into two, but he would often get headaches as he pictured himself using the charm ability and forcing the energy outward from his eyes. 
 Surprisingly though in the middle of him practising a notification screen popped up and not one he was expecting. 
 [Your dedication has paid off!] 
 [You have pushed your Charm skill to the limit several times] 
 [Charm stat + 1] 
 [Charm: 13] 
 It was the first time a stat point had increased without him levelling up or consuming blood. The system was clear that it was the fact that Quinn had continually pushed himself when trying to learn the skill. 
 However, this was a bigger deal then he thought, maybe there was another way to increase his stats. If the others worked in the same way, if Quinn went out and constantly ran until he tired himself out would his stamina increase? And was this the same for other stats. What if he continually lifted weights would his strength increase as well? 
 The only problem with this method would be of course time. It was a lot easier to take a blood sample of someone and increase his strength this way. In a situation like the one he was currently in now where he couldn't do that, maybe it was a good idea to look into it... 
 Quinn had done enough practice for now, and he felt like he had done as much as he could. And yet, he still didn't have the skill in his system, like the flash step and hammer strike. There were certain combination skills that didn't appear in the system. Like blood hammer, and using blood swipe with his shadow. 
 But he felt like because this was a skill being taught by the system, it would have shown up like the others before it. Right now there was only one thing he could do. Just as the system had said if he wanted to practise and learn how to use it, he would need to use it on a real opponent. 
 [Switching servers] 
 [Blood Evolver is online] 
 [Match making in progress] 
 [Opponent found] 
 "Let's do this!" 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram. 

 
	 Chapter 227 Perfecting a skill 
 There were quite a lot of people in the world that had an interest in technologies. If one could not make it in the world using their abilities, the only real avenue and sector that had a lot of potential that anyone with enough effort and determination could tap into was the realm of research and technology. 
 There were myriads of abilities that could help you work better in this field, but nothing could compare to the greatness of the human mind when it came to creative thinking, engineering which led to the creation of these fields. 
 Unfortunately for Nate, he was not one of these people. But knew quite a lot of people that knew something about the field. Nate had gotten one of these said people to set up a system, where whenever the Blood Evolver was online, he would be pinged on the school's watch. 
 Recently, he had also added the new user ZombieP to that list as well. He was unable to see the person's game last time but now, he didn't want to miss out on them. While Nate was relaxing with his best friend Sam as usual, he received a ping. 
 Immediately with no questions asked, Nate started to head off towards the capsule. Right now both he and Sam were watching their favourite contender. 
 "Hey, I think you're starting to border on being obsessed with this guy?" Sam said in a concerning voice. 
 "It's just this person's growth never seems to slow down. I've grown myself over time but I'm just wondering where his limits are?" Nate explained. 
 Quinn had been matched up with another Level Four user but unlike the ones he fought against previously. This user was also wearing beast gear around his chest. Since the first expedition had already happened with each of the military bases, it was expected that players of the game would now more likely have at least some level of beast gear. 
 The match had begun, and Quinn did his usual routine of rushing forward and fighting head-on. Oftentimes, he would be the aggressor in fights causing the enemy to slightly panic in the middle of the battle and this time was no different. 
 Seeing a target running towards him, the user's paced both of his hands together and shoot out a hydro pump of water. The stream of water was strong and fast, but still— due to the distance Quinn could easily avoid it, but instead of outright avoiding the attack... 
 He waited till the last second and preformed the flash step to avoid the attack. 
 The water user seeing this changed his attack slightly. Instead of a large stream of powerful water, he decided to shoot out smaller fast streams of water that came out like bullets. 
 Once again though—Quinn used the flash step to avoid the next set of shots. Quinn only had enough stamina to perform three flash steps in one game, so he had already used up over half his strength and his body was tied. 
 Still, he continued moving and then before the user could use his water bullets again, Quinn preformed his third flash step appearing behind the user. As he turned his head around, Quinn made sure to look at him in the eyes just as the video tutorial had said, he activated his charm the same way when he used the daze skill. 
 Now all he needed to do was project the thought strongly using his mind of aiming to punch the head, while the real punch would come from below. 
 Everything was going perfect so far and he could really imagine hitting the person in the head, then his fist made contact, but instead of receiving feedback from hitting the body, the punch had been blocked with the other user's hand, which was guarding his face. 
 "No, I thought I did it perfectly, why did my attack go for the head?" Quinn thought. 
 Quinn had thought he had perfected the phantom punch already but using it with no opponent and using it against a real opponent were two different things. With the pressure to perform perfectly and with the enemy standing in front of him, his concentration lagged at some point, so his attack failed. 
 With one of his other hands, the water user blasted a stream hitting Quinn right in the stomach and sending him onto the floor. Due to his usage of flash step multiple times in the fight, he was tired, and his movements were a little sluggish. 
 It also seemed like the Beast Equipment had given his opponent some extra strength. A blow form Quinn was more powerful than from a normal person— yet he was able to block it perfectly. 
 Quickly getting up from the floor. Quinn tried to attack again, but unfortunately it the result was the same and Quinn ended up on the floor once more. 
 "What is he doing?" Nate said. "Why isn't he using his red aura skills? Or the hammer strike? Why did he waste all his energy using that fancy footwork at the beginning? Even then, why a punch to the head without using any feints or tricks to confuse the enemy?" Nate was thoroughly confused as to why the person he had watched improving each time he played a match and fought against someone had seemingly no progress at all in this fight. In fact, he seemed to be suffering a setback. 
 Eventually, the match had ended, and Quinn had unsurprisingly lost. 
 Nate was speechless, he thought he was the only person who had beaten the Blood Evolver before and the one he knew now was a lot stronger than before. 
 Nate wanted him to remain undefeated until their rematch. 
 If the Blood Evolver had lost in a grand duel or something he wouldn't be so upset, but he had lost against a simple level four water user. 
 During the match though, just like when Quinn was practising he felt like he had felt something nearing the end of the battle. 
 [Match Making is in Progress.] 
 Once again, Quinn went into the next match. Nate stayed and watched carefully but it seemed to be nearly an exact copy of the last game. After watching four matches— the Blood Evolver had lost four times in a row. 
 Nate wasn't the only one who had been watching Quinn's matches. There were a few others who had become fans as well, and they were nearly just as disappointed as him with the results they were seeing right now. 
 "Does this mean that he was really just a hacker?" A spectator said. 
 "I guess so, they probably patched the game so he can't use his red aura skils anymore. Without them, it's clear that he's just average when it comes to hand to hand combat." Another one commented. 
 This was the logical conclusion the others had come to. No one would usually lose a match without giving it everything they got, and in the last four games, Quinn didn't use a single skill other than the flash step and the failed Phantom punch. 
 "Come on Nate, let's go. We need to practice, man. We're just wasting time here." Sam said. 
 "You go ahead, I'll catch up and head offline when he goes offline." 
 Sam could see the disappointment on Nate's face. It was as if he had just watched his favourite superhero lose to a villain in a fight. The only thing he could do know was to give him some space. 
 After losing five matches in a row, the only person that kept on watching Blood Evolver's matches was Nate. He didn't know why, but he felt that there has to be a reason for all the strange actions that Blood Evolver did in the past matches. 
 The reason for his thinking was the fact that Quinn had lost every game doing the same thing. Only an idiot would do the same thing over and over again expecting different results. Even if he was now unable to use the red aura anymore— it didn't make any sense. 
 As the next match started Quinn now looked more confident than he did before. He knew he was incredibly close. His opponent was a female, the ability, for now, was unknown as the inspect skill didn't work in-game. 
 Quinn rushed forward as usual, but this time no attacks were aimed at him. When this happened it usually meant the person— he was going up against had a transformation or hardening ability. The perfect opponent for the phantom strike. 
 Quinn lifted his fist and aimed for the woman's head, as she saw the punch a large spike appeared from her face. If Quinn was to carry on moving forward, then the spike would go right through his hand. 
 She could see the punch continuing forward and going through the spike, a smile appeared on her face but suddenly, she felt pain on her stomach as she keeled over. 
 [Phantom Punch skill successfully learned] 
 The fist hadn't hit her head but struck her stomach instead. 
 This time, Quinn went for a blow to the stomach, a spike was formed where the punch would make contact, but then sharp pain assaulted the woman on the side of her head. 
 Quinn continued using the phantom punch in this fashion, successfully landing hit after hit while on the outside Nate who was watching the entire thing was deeply confused. 
 All he could see was Quinn's opponent, forming spikes and blocking the attacks in the wrong places. It was clear where the punches were coming from so why was she constantly blocking in the wrong place? 
 The match had finally ended, and Quinn had been declared the winner, but Nate was still none the wiser. 
 However, after watching the Blood Evolvers next three games, and each one of them coming out in a victory in the same fashion. Goosebumps started to appear all over his body. 
 The hairs on his forearms were now standing up. 
 He still didn't understand what was going on, but it was painfully obvious that all of these was done on purpose. 
 "Who is this monster?" 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note below. 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 228 Upgrading the shadow 
 Once the system had confirmed to Quinn that he had learned Phantom Punch, everything got a lot easier from then onwards. Instead of concentrating on the feeling like he did before, now all he had to do was think about the skill, and his mind would automatically do the work for him. 
 It was one of the other perks of having the system. No longer would he fail sometimes when trying to create the punch, it would now work a hundred percent of the time. this was the same as when he learnt the crescent blood kick as well. 
 This didn't mean it would work successfully on his opponent a hundred percent of the time though. It was just that he was now able to perform the skill successfully every time. 
 In the next matches Quinn played, while using the skill he had learnt quite a bit about how the skill worked. Just like the system had said, there were some opponents the skill was less effective against, Quinn couldn't figure out why as it didn;t seem to be linked with the user's ability level. Most likely it was more to do with their mental ability. 
 For some of the opponents he faced, It seemed like they were only partly tricked. On their end, they would see the phantom punch, but it would disappear before it would make contact. 
 While for those with weaker minds, it felt like they could actually feel the phantom punch hitting them. Still, even a slight phantom image gave Quinn a huge advantage. The constant use of the punches, on top of his speed, made his opponents feel like they were fighting against someone with extra hands. 
 He now understood why the blonde man had said the skill would improve as he improved both his agility stat, along with his charm stat. 
 [180/400 exp] 
 After defeating the five opponents, Quinn had obtained ten experience points from each of them. It wasn't his goal, but a bonus along the way of learning the new skill. He also continued to get the ten points for completing his daily quests, drinking the two litres of water daily along with avoiding the sun for eight hours. But still, out of everything so far, the quickest way to level up was defeating Beasts. 
 Quinn would definitely need to use this to his advantage when fighting on the other planet. There was also the chance for him to level up even quicker since the system had stated that when fighting along with Peter, he would gain the experience of Peter's kills as well. 
 With the hours of practice and the many matches Quinn had played, he didn't realise the time and the VR pod machines had been shut off. They usually turned off an hour before the curfew time and the disconnection of him form the game was a clear sign. 
 As Quinn headed back to his room, and with one day remaining before the portal outing, he started to think what would be the next best step on trying to get stronger. 
 In his mind, Quinn split up his skills into four different categories. He had his blood abilities, such as Blood Swipe, Blood Spray, Blood Bank and so on. These skills could be upgraded by using them multiple times. 
 He then had his charm skills. Daze, Influence, and now, Phantom Punch. 
 The next section he counted was his fighting skills, such as Flash Step, Hammer Strike, as well as Blood Hammer and Phantom Punch. Although the last two skills where a combination of the other sections. 
 Finally though, were his ability skills. The shadow skills. After looking at all his different skills, Quinn decided to focus on the shadow skills. There were currently still four shadow skills greyed out in the system that required him to use skill points to unlock. 
 The only way Quinn knew of to get skill points, was to upgrade the level of his current shadow skills. To do this, it worked the same way as his blood skills. The more he used them, eventually, it would level up. 
 This was the best option for Quinn while in the game. 
 The next day had arrived, and as the group agreed, everyone was currently doing their own thing. Everyone was kind of pleased that they had decided to do this. At first, Quinn was a little bit worried about Peter. 
 But when he asked what Peter was planning to do, Peter was already heading off to Logan's room with a bunch of sandwiches held in his arms. It seemed like the two were getting on well enough that Quinn no longer needed to use his blood. 
 While heading to the game room, he noticed Fex had decided to come along as well. There wasn't much for him to do in the game after all. When Quinn entered the game, he decided to watch a couple of Fex's matches. 
 It came to surprise that Fex seemed was playing online rather than using the private server. Because just like Quinn, they were both unable to use thier abilities inside the game. 
 After watching a couple of games, he could see that Fex was able to beat his opponents without using his blood skills, or string abilities. He purely used his body and martial arts to overpower his opponents. 
 During the second match, Fex had meant someone quite skilfully and for the second time, Quinn had seen him use an improvement of the martial arts that were taught to him. the first time was during the match against Leo. 
 Seeing this just reminded Quinn again that he needed to get stronger. Quinn backed out of the game and joined the private server where he was able to use his shadow abilities freely. 
 [Shadow Void] 
 The first thing Quinn activated was Shadow Void. Soon, the room, instead of white, was now covered in purple shifting shadows above. 
 Quinn planned to level up his level 1 shadow skills first. Since they were lower levels, they would take less use to level up. 
 Currently, the shadow skills that were level 1 were. 
 Shadow Control and Shadow Void. 
 For each level up of a skill, Quinn gained ten stat points. Right now, he was aiming for the skill in his system that cost the most amount of skill points. The skill known as Shadow Eater, costing a total of fifty points. 
 He repeated the process of activating the skills as many times as he could, and due to it being in the game and the lobby, he didn't run out of MC points. Eventually, Shadow Void levelled up to level 2. 
 Quinn could now decide how big the shadow void created was, and depending on its size, it would either cost far more or far fewer points. 
 The other skills that levelled up were his Shadow Cloak, which was now level 3, along with his Shadow Equip, which was level 3 as well. The time used to cast these skills were incredibly fast and it seemed like the cloak skill now used more shadows to hide him, making it even harder for him to be seen by those with good perception. 
 Unfortunately, the only skill that hadn't levelled up for him was his Shadow Control skill, the most useful and powerful skill in his arsenal. The skill allowed him to combine it with his Blood Swipe, as well as block incoming attacks. 
 But it seemed like a skill that only had its use when used against an opponent, and unfortunately, Quinn was unable to use the shadow abilities in the game. 
 There was some good news though. When levelling up the skill from level 2 to level three, the number of skill points given to him increased. Instead of ten per level up, he was given fifteen, giving him a total of thirty skill points. 
 But it still wasn't enough for him to unlock the skill Shadow Eater. The day had come to an end, and Quinn would just have to be satisfied with improving his current shadow skills and learning the Phantom Punch for now. 
 Finally, the day had arrived. It was the weekend and all the first-year students were told to gather inside the portal room once again. It was time to go through the orange portal. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote with your stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note. 
 For MVS artwork, follow me on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 229 Scanning for points 
 Presently, the first year students were abiding their time inside the canteen. Every one of them was seated in their groups within their classes. Meanwhile, their respective homeroom teachers were standing at the end of the long table. On this expedition, each teacher would be travelling with their group of fifty students. 
 Two of the generals, Fay and Leo, would be taking charge of the expedition. Only, they would be moving slightly ahead of the whole group. 
 Soon, the classes were called, one by one, into the portal room. Finally, Del's class was called, so all of the students belonging in that group began to prepare their things ahead of going through the portal. Standing at the front was Del, the portal glowing with orange light served to illuminate his figure. 
 Although, this time, Del looked different compared to his usual self. Usually, when teaching a class, he would be wearing the standard uniform that the teachers wore. This time the uniform could hardly be seen beneath the beast gear clothing that he donned. 
 The thing was, the armour he was wearing didn't look like beast gear at all and looked more like a mage outfit. From head to toe, it looked like he was dressed in robes, but if inspected closer, certain accessories could be seen around his wrists and legs. Furthermore, instead of a weapon, a shield was mounted on his back. 
 Before giving his speech to the students, he decided to survey the whole group. He could feel the sweat dripping from his forehead, thinking, 'I can't believe that the school is really doing this. Why do we homeroom teachers have to go along with them? These kids don't even know what could possibly be on the other end. If they did, they would be just as nervous as me.' 
 All these fearful thoughts were running through Del's head. In the past, he had done an orange portal expedition. Because of that, he was aware that the results of the expedition could turn around for the worse, it was like flipping a coin. 
 In some places, it would be a walk in the park while other times it would feel like they had been sent to hell. For fear of being sent inside the portal once more, he elected to become a teacher, but it seemed as if fate was toying with him. 
 "Can every group present please raise their orange scanning devices!" Del said, his voice loudly resounded within the hall. 
 As Del asked, the representative of each group showed themselves. 
 For Quinn's group, it was Peter. Once again, he was in charge of carrying the group's supplies and this included the scanner. 
 The only difference this time was that Peter actually had volunteered to help his master. It also made sense, since Peter was fairly sturdy and had a lot of strength. Thier were advantages such as his unlimited stamina, so he wouldn't get exhausted that easy by carrying heavy objects. 
 "I will now explain and show you how the scanner works. I will only explain once, so listen up." Del said as he raised the scanner for everyone to see. "The scanner is fairly simple to use. You will only need to point it at an object. You can see that, on the screen, you can select the area or item that you want to scan. Then, once you confirm, the scanner will do the rest for you. Simple, right? So remember, don't mess it up." Del said in a slightly annoyed voice. 
 A single student raised their hand, but Del decided to completely ignore him as he continued on with his explanation. 
 "The scanner can be used to scan almost anything - buildings, beasts, plants, water and so on and so forth. It will try its best to break down the information it has received and display it on the screen for you. Although, this is not the goal of the expedition." 
 Del halted his speech, heaving a sigh before resuming. His irritation was starting to get the best of him. 
 "What you students need to do is look for things on the planet which have never been scanned before, and this includes beasts. In your teams, each newly scanned object will earn you points. If another team, or the item has been scanned before, you will receive no points. 
 "Now for the most important and very crucial part. There is quite a range on these scanners - Before engaging in combat, it will scan every beast that is within your vision. The most useful thing about these scanners are that, even if they have never seen a beast before, it will be able to tell you what level the beast is at." 
 After the explanation with the scanners was over, Del went on to tell them how the expedition would work between the classes. Each class, together with their homeroom teacher, would be sent off in a certain area. When they reached their assigned space, the class would stay there for a while, allowing every one of the students to scan the area thoroughly. If they were to run into a beast with a tier higher than intermediate, they were advised to fall back and tell the teacher immediately. 
 The homeroom teacher would then inform the generals, who would come to their aid as soon as physically possible. In total, there were ten classes. Hence, Fay and Leo would stay in the centre of these classes, so they could respond to each of their calls of distress as quickly as they could. 
 As soon as Del's lecture was finished, the groups began making their final preparations. While Quinn was looking around, he noticed that Logan was already tinkering around with the scanner, no doubt making adjustments in the scanner's system. 
 It wouldn't surprise Quinn if Logan was able to change the readings to allow his team to get the top score. 
 All of a sudden, he felt a soft touch on his shoulder, interrupting his observations. 
 "Hey, do you need one of these if we're going outside?" Fex said as he waved a strange object in front of Quinn. It looked like a flask made out of a silver metal. The only difference was that, on the facade of the flask, a skull that had two sharp fangs on the upper jaw was displayed - It was definitely a strange design for Quinn. 
 Looking at it closely, Quinn realized that the design was utterly similar to the one that the book had - The one that had given him his powers. 
 "What's that?" Quinn asked without really thinking about what he had just said. He was unsure whether this was common knowledge among the vampires or not. 
 "This is a special flask that allows us to hold blood inside. If you used a normal flask, the blood would spoil in a matter of a few days. However, this one is specially used within the circle of vampires to keep blood fresh. Well, that is as long as it remained inside the flask. By the way, every vampire is given one." Fex explained. "If you're going to another planet with beasts as its main population, then it's best to bring one of these with you. We'll be gone for a week and I don't want to be turning into a blood sucker." 
 After hearing those words, a specific memory came flooding back in Quinn's mind. It was related to the time when he did turn into a blood sucker. Fex seemed to not rely on blood as much as Quinn. Perhaps, it was because he was closer to the next evolution. But, for Quinn, if he didn't receive blood within two days, he would turn into a blood sucker. 
 Thankfully though, Quinn now had the blood bank. That, in a way, acted the same way as the flask. Still, even last time, Quinn had used up his blood bank in a fight and eventually, he was starving for blood. 
 In this occasion, there were others to rely on. Though it was unlikely that their group would be split again, there was always the chance. 
 But if vampires were required to carry around such a flask, was the blood bank also a unique skill amongst the system, one that other vampires didn't have. It had saved him so many times in the past. If Quinn could he would have definitely tried levelling up as fast as he could but after many battles, it still hadn't done. 
 "So do you have a spare one of these?" Quinn asked as he eyed the flask. 
 "Of course, that's why I came over. If you didn't have the basic ring, I didn't think you would have the flask either." Fex then pulled out a similarly styled flask from the inside of his shirt and handed it straight over to Quinn. 
 After spending some time with Fex, Quinn really couldn't say that he was a bad guy and he seemed to be growing on him. 
 'Maybe during this trip, I can finally ask about his shadow powers?' Fex thought, yet for some reason, while contemplating the matter, he felt guilt in his conscience and didn't really know why it was the case. 
 Finally, Del had begun to call each group into the portal. As usual, each member had to hold onto each other's shoulder as they passed through the portal. 
 Quinn's group was called up and Vorden took the role of being in front. 
 "I'll go behind the pretty boy." Cia insisted as she grabbed onto Vorden's shoulders. 
 Behind her was Layla, and then Quinn, Fex and Peter at the back. 
 The group took a step forward as they prepared for what's to come in their orange portal expedition. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below! The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 230 A jungle out there! 
 When going through the portal, the group made sure to hold on to the person in front of them tightly. Last time it wouldn't have been so much of a big deal if they were to disconnect and let go. Although this might have caused them to split up, they were guaranteed to teleport somewhere safe in the shelter but this time was different. 
 Shelters were often incomplete and sometimes not all of the spawn areas had been marked yet. So they could be chucked deep into beast territory, and be all on there own. 
 The fear could be felt in Cia's shoulders as Layla gripped on tightly. While Cia was starting move her hands towards a certain place on Vorden's body. She inched closer and closer and went down lower. If they weren't in the middle of being warped, he would have turned around and pushed her, but even Vorden wasn't that cruel and Raten wasn't complaining about what was happening one bit. 
 Finally, the distorted space was ending and a white light could be seen up ahead. When the white light vanished a bright light entered thier eyes and they felt stunned. Their eyesight slowly started to return and the first thing the group could see was green, lots and lots of green. More specific, giant green trees. 
 "Please, step aside to allow the other students to arrive!" A loud voice said as he pointed to his side. 
 Just like last time, they had arrived in one of the areas that had been circled off. When looking at the person who had given them commands, he hardly looked any older than them. Most likely a recruit who had just graduated and decided to stay with the army. 
 The group went over to where the man pointed and it seemed there were other groups of students standing by the side waiting as well. There were also several soldiers checking and coordinating with them. Making sure they stayed in place and didn't wander off. 
 "It's a lot better organised than our last trip?" Layla said. 
 "Of course it would be," Cia replied. "A green portal planet is practically safe, you would have to be a moron to be killed on one of those. But here, an orange planet can be a huge risk so they have to be extra careful." 
 Cia's words had rubbed a lot of the group the wrong way. They had been involved in the Dalki attack which was devastating to them and was a deep scar still in thier minds. Although the students knew of what happened, they weren't informed on which group of students had encountered the Dalki. Many of them thought it was only Ben's group that had met them and died. 
 While standing off to the side Quinn was able to take a good look at the shelter they were in, the planet and the shelter itself were vastly different to the one before. First thing Quinn did, was pop up his trusty umbrella to protect him from the sun, but this time, it didn't do much to make him feel better. 
 When looking around all that could be seen was greeny. Giant trees, bushes, vines, and even plants that Quinn had never seen before. They were now in what Quinn would call a jungle. This was why Quinn's body still felt extremely sluggish. The place was humid, hot and sticky and it looked like he wasn't the only one being affected as everyone around was sweating heavily as well. 
 When looking at Peter though, he seemed absolutely fine, at this point he was thinking Peter might have gotten a better class than himself, but then he started to remember Peter digging into human flesh and he was fine with just dinning on blood for now. 
 The shelter its self was vastly different as well, in a way it looked incomplete. Most of it seemed to be made from some type of wood and mud, although the architecture was impressive. They had managed to build upon the large trees. Incorporating them into thier shelter. 
 There where stiff large bridges made from wood, and spiralling staircases that would leade you from floor to floor and tree to tree. The Ground floor where they were on was mostly empty and only had certain areas that had been marked out for where the teleportation spots would take you. 
 When looking upward, Quinn could see residential houses and some market shops, although nowhere near the amount compared to before. But the thing that surprised him the most, was just how many residential houses there were in an orange portal like this one. 
 Quinn was even able to see children playing on the bridges above. Layla could see the surprised look on Quinn's face. 
 "This is one of the cheapest places for people to live in," Layla explained. "This is a tier five city. So it doesn't have any walls to protect the citizens and there open for attack. The soldiers will do their best to protect them but because this planet is still in the middle of exploration thier focuses arent so much on the shelters themselves. 
 "The citizen's aren't required to pay tax on an orange planet, so those who can't live on earth and can't even make a living on a green portal planet end up here. Of course, red portal planets are just too dangerous in the first place, and only the strongest of military shelters and factions are able to survive thier." 
 When hearing about this from Layla, Quinn started to have strange thoughts. If it was true those that couldn't afford a place to live on earth had no choice to be here, then why didn't Quinn end up on one of these places like these kids? 
 When his parents had died, a government official had come over and explained to him that they would look after him until he was sixteen and provide him with an apartment. So why didn't these kids get the same type of treatment? 
 Now that he thought about it further, it was also strange when he had recived the book that gave him his vampire abilities at age ten. They were so keen on trying to keep things for themselves so why did they allow Quinn to have the book. At first, he thought it was because the book was useless but now he was starting to have second thoughts about the whole thing. 
 When thinking back, he really didn't know his parents all that well and they didn't leave much behind other than the book. How did they even get the book in the first place? 
 "System, do you know how my parents obtained the book?" Quinn asked. 
 "I'm afraid I am not able to answer that question for you at this time, but in the future, if the right moment occurs I will be able to answer you." 
 It seemed like there really was a link between Quinn's parents and the book after all. However, the system wasn't willing to share this information with him. Not until he unlocked a certain condition as it explained before. 
 As Quinn was deep in thought, he noticed that a group of travellers had arrived at the shelter. One of the higher-ups in the military went forward to greet them and they both seemed to respect each other well. 
 After a brief chat, the Traveller handed the man something before heading off back into a part of the jungle where they had came from. 
 "They looked kinda strong." Fex said with a grin on his face. 
 "That's because they are." Vorden replied. "To be able to travel through a planet alone where the level of beasts are unknown with just five of them. They have to be confident in thier skills." 
 "What were they doing at the military shelter?" Quinn asked. 
 "Most likely sharing information," Vorden replied. "You see on an orange portal planet there is more than one shelter. Different factions including the military usuelly set up a base here. Exploring a planet is a collective effort and once they finish scanning thier parts each of the shelters share information with each other. This saves time, so the different shelters aren't exploring parts of the planet that have been explored already. 
 The student where now being led along to an open space, and while doing so, they could see the people from the shelter and children come out from above. They looked down on the new students, peaking over form the the bridge. 
 All of the first-year students where once again lined up in rows with the homeroom teachers at the front. While Fay and Leo stood in the middle of all the classes. 
 They had come to an open area of the jungle that looked to have been man made. The trees had been rooted and dug out, and the ground flattened. Most of what they were standing on was mud. When looking ahead. They could also see several paths from the circle open area leading deeper into the jungle. 
 "Alright everyone, each class shall now explore a different path." Fay said." I hope you listen to your homeroom teachers well. The scanners will not activate until your teachers say so. So don't try to get ahead of your selves. You will continue to follow the path and your teachers will tell you when you are in an unexplored area. Remember, to always stay on your guard, and have your scanners by your side. 
 My last warning to you all, you will encounter beasts on this trip, at what level I do not know. I wish you all luck!" Fay shouted. 
 The students saluted two the two sergeants before heading off down thier paths. 
 'I wonder what beasts we will run into' Quinn thought. Exited thinking about the experience points. 
 **** 
 Mass release day moved tomorrow (I moved apartment today took the whole day) 
 Want another mass release? Please remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note. 
 For more MVS artwork check out Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 231 For Erin 
 The homeroom teacher Del had taken the lead down one of the paths. The pathway they walked on seemed quite wide and well flattened. It was clear the oath was man made and it looked like large vehicles would come through this way from time to time. 
 Because the oath was originally meant for large vehicals, the students weren't bunched up going down the path in a single file but were able to spread out and take in the scenery around them. 
 Fex who was walking by Quinn's side took in a deep breath of fresh air. "Now this, this is what I call different." He had a huge grin on his face as he continued to look around at the large greenery that surrounded them. 
 While the two of them were walking, Quinn took this as his chance to ask him a few questions. Fex had already made up his mind that Quinn had always been on earth. A vampire who hadn't been back home, so he thought it was only natural to show some interest. 
 "So back home, there isn't anything like this?" Quinn asked, adding the word home trying to try to make it sound more natural. 
 "Nah, compared to earth, and these planets with all the bright colours, our home has nothing." Fex moaned. 
 "When relocating they had decided to choose a place that was mostly dark, but they also needed an atmosphere that they could still live in. They had found the perfect place for vampires, but I don't know why, but it always felt strange to me." 
 The words that Fex spoke just then had confirmed a few things to Quinn. The vampires were indeed no longer on earth like they were when the blonde man was a vampire. At some point, they had relocated to a different planet. 
 Now, Quinn was even more confused about how his parents had managed to get the book. 
 "Don't worry, if you and I ever return to the place, I'll give you a grand tour," Fex replied. "So Quinn, you asked me a question now let me ask you one. Where did you get your shadow ability?" 
 Hearing these words, Quinn thought back to how the system had mentioned to not tell anyone about the shadow ability, for it meant something important to the vampires. 
 "Just tell him you don't have permission to tell, that shall be enough for now." The System said. 
 "I'm afraid I don't have permission from my leader to tell you that," Quinn answered. 
 Fex clicked his tongue and placed his hands behind his head. "Figured as much, but the shadow ability is really cool." 
 As they continued to walk down the path, they noticed that there were plenty of plants that looked strange. At the very least they didn't resemble anything back on earth. One plant was shaped like an S and was the same size as the human body. On it was several light blue ring-like patterns. 
 The other students seeing this pulled out their scanners and tried to gather some information on it, but just like Fay had said. The scanners currently weren't working. They seemed to all be linked to a device that the homeroom teacher was using. 
 Only when he activated his device would the other students be able to use their scanners. 
 Although others couldn't get any information from it, someone else could. 
 Quinn walked up to the plant to see if he could, there was one skill that he had that might just work. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Blue ringed growth plant] 
 [A plant that can be used to greatly enhance the pleasure in the groin area for both the female and male parts] 
 "Hey, Quinn, what's up with your face man?" Vorden asked seeing that Quinn was a little red. "Is it the heat, if you need a break, we can start walking at the back of the group." 
 "No, don't worry I'm fine," Quinn replied as he quickly moved on. 
 As they walked, Quinn decided to use his inspect skill on every new thing he could see. It was a great chance for him to try to level it up once again. There were still times when the inspect skill was unable to give him information and while on the red portal planet it was a lifesaver and even allowed him to get the shadow ability that was locked away in the storage unit. 
 Quinn had tried repeatedly using the inspect skill on a basic item such as a pen. But after about a 1000 tries and no result. It seemed that the inspect skill needed to be used on new items to be able to level up once more. 
 The pathway the students had walked on was starting to come to an end, and now the mud had turned into thick heavy leaves and short green plants. 
 The student's pace had slowed down. Now with every step, they took they had to be careful when putting their foot down. There were several roots that were hidden underneath the leaves and once in a while a student would be caught in place. 
 "A beast!" A student cried. "A beast has me wrapped around the leg." The student's teammates who were nearby quickly jumped back and drew their weapons. 
 But after a while, the student calmed down and when he looked up at his friends, he was almost too embarrassed to say what had occurred. 
 "Sorry, false alarm, it was just a tree route." The student said, chuckling away nervously. 
 One of the students in his group slapped him on the back of the head and they carried on moving forward. 
 "This should be a good spot," Del said as he placed his large shield onto the floor. 
 The area they were now in was quite open. There weren't as many trees and vines and it was quite free allowing them to see what was coming from all different directions. 
 "Students are to not travel more than two hundred meters from this spot. If you do your scanner will make a ping indicating they will no longer work." Del explained. "For each new plant discovered you will receive 5 points, for each new beast discovery 20 points. Please remember this is not a hunting trial, there is no need for you to kill beasts. 
 "However anything intermediate level and below you may try your best to go against them if you wish but any kills will not be awarded points. Still, you can keep the crystal for future use as well. 
 "Alright, your scanners are now on!" 
 At the same time, each of the scanners made a ding sound and the students rushed off all in different directions. All apart from Quinn's group that was. 
 "Heh, what are you doing?" Cia complained, "Let's go, don't you want a good grade?" 
 Before it was always Erin who had been so dedicated to getting the best score, but without her here, it felt different. 
 "Let's do this." Layla said."let's get to the top for Erin." 
 Quinn liked that idea. He rushed off into a section of his own along with Peter and the rest. 
 They had split up a bit and when they found something interesting they would shout out to Peter to come over and scan the item. 
 "Over here!" Layla shouted as she spotted an odd plant that resembled an octopus. 
 Peter rushed over, even with his bag his speed was great. Using the scanner he was able to see the plant and now all he needed to do was press the red button on the scanner to start to process, but at that moment. 
 He felt something crash into his side, causing him to fall to the ground. 
 "Pft too slow." The student said. 
 "That was on purpose!" Layla complained seeing that Peter was clearly barged over. 
 The student then quickly took out his scanner and pressed the red button. After waiting a few moments a ding sound was heard. 
 If the plant hadn't been scanned before and their team was successful in obtaining points, there would be a ding sound similar to a cashier being drawn. 
 If the item had already been scanned a big red x would appear on the scanner with an error sound instead. 
 This meant that the plant the student had just scanned was a new discovery and they had obtained five points. 
 As Peter slowly got up from the ground he started walking over to the student. 
 **** 
 Mass release today at 00:00 china time or GMT +8 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note. 

 
	 Chapter 232 From Behind 
 (NOTICE: Mass release will be with the next update. I had my first day at work and had to do a lot more than I thought. Please understand.) 
 As Peter walked over to the student. The boy carefully started to analyse just who was walking towards him, the first thing he did was look at the person's watch noticing that he was a level three user. 
 The one that had barged into Peter was also a level three ability user but slightly higher going into the 3.4 range. Meaning he not only had the power of a level three ability but the skills to go with it. 
 Still, the levels felt too close. IIf the two were to fight and Peters ability was an offensive ability. There was no telling who would win or not. Because of the fierce look in Peter's eye, he immediately backed up. That was until four more students had arrived and were now standing by his side. 
 There was one girl in the group along with the original student and three boys. 
 "Come on Pio, Let's just ignore these guys, We're just wasting our time with this trash and we can always go and get more points," Layla said, quite loudly so the others could hear. 
 "You, the pretty girl stay." The boy who had given the command was pointing at Layla. On his wrist displayed the number 5.2. Seeing this Layla knew straight away why the boy was arrogant. 
 Layla decided to ignore this and started to walk off while pulling Peter by his sleeve. 
 "I said stay!" the boy shouted. The distance between the two parties was around that of fifteen meters. But the boy seemed to have closed the distance at an instant speed and had already made a fist aiming towards Layla. 
 But Peter was no slowpoke himself and noticed the punch, managing to lift up his arm blocking the attack in the dead centre of his forearm. Between the wrist and elbow. 
 The boy could feel the impact and even heard the crack sound being made. Although the blow wasn't strong enough to snap the bone and pierce the skin, he knew he had fractured Peter's arm. 
 No pain was felt and no sound came from Peter. The boy hesitated for a moment, but then saw Peter's hand reaching out to him, before turning and running back to where he was before. 
 Looking at Peter's arm, Layla could see it was starting to swell, but soon it would heal so she wasn't worried about him, she was more worried about what he would do. It had been a while now and the others had already noticed the changes in Peter's behaviour, so in the end, Quinn decided to tell them all the truth. That this was due to his involvement that brought about Peter's aggressive nature. 
 As the boy was about to say some clever remark. Quinn and the others had arrived, including both Vorden and Cia. 
 The first thing Quinn had noticed was also Peter's arm. 
 "Peter who did this to you?" Quinn asked in annoyance. Just from the direction, Peter was looking at, Quinn could tell which one it was. Peter wouldn't stop staring at him. 
 "Do you think you can just hurt our teammate in the middle of an assessment?" Quinn asked. 
 "Quinn you know you can't fight using your full strength let's just leave it be," Layla said. 
 Cia watching the whole thing thought Quinn was crazy, was he really trying to have a go at the other team. Of course, it made sense that one would be angry if they were to injure a teammate but Quinn was a level one. What could he do? Most of the time low levels were completely afraid of anyone above them. 
 'I guess he will learn his place...' Cia thought to herself. 
 "Hey, umbrella boy, why are you the leader…" As the boy said that he started to look at Quinn's wristwatch and started to blurt out in a laugh. "You should be down on your knees begging for me to show you mercy, boy." 
 Quinn had a fake smile on his face, hiding the anger behind it. "Why would I beg with someone weaker than me?" 
 At that point, the boy was too aggravated. He was already annoyed at the fact that a level one even tried to talk back to him. The boy used his super speed powers to launch off his feet at amazing speed going straight for Quinn. 
 "You should have just said sorry," Cia said watching from behind. 
 The speed was impressive, and was even faster than Quinn at top speed, but there was one skill where speed meant nothing. He looked into the boy's eyes. 
 [Daze] 
 [Daze skill successful] 
 Quinn had used the skill at just the right time and the boy had stopped right in front of him. 
 "You broke my friend's arm, so it's only right I break yours," Quinn said as he grabbed and pulled one arm forward while slamming his fist down on the forearm. 
 Quinn had tried his best to contain his strength when dealing with the blow, but it was still too strong with his gauntlets equipped. Unlike Peter, the bone had snapped and pierced the skin on the outside. 
 Howls of pain were heard immediately. His friends were shocked. They didn't know what happened, but it looked like the boy had stopped just in front of Quinn, and let it hit him. 
 'Was he too cocky?' They thought. Maybe because it was a level one, he was trying to give Quinn a chance, not realising he had some strength or weak ability. 
 As soon as they saw their friend injured though, each of them drew their weapons and prepared their ability. While Quinn's group had done the same. 
 But Vorden wasn't too happy about the current situation. For right now he hadn't copied any useful ability he could use. 
 Cia was a little nervous as well as this was the last outcome she had expected, but right now she was on Quinn's team and would help her own team out if a fight was to break out. 
 The two groups looked like they were ready to clash but before they even got the chance. 
 A loud bang was heard. When they looked over in the direction of the bang, they could see that Del had placed his large shield down hitting it into the ground. 
 The two groups were only around fifty meters from the outskirts of where they were before. The scream was so loud that it had caught Del's attention and he immediately came rushing over after checking there were no beasts around. 
 "Enough!" he shouted. "This event is about working together. Although it is a competition this is only to encourage you to work harder rather than slack off. You are not to fight against each other." 
 Del then looked at the boy's arm who had been broken. "Take him to the centre, I'll try to see if there is anyone with a healing ability that can help him out. As for you guys." Del said pointing at Quinn and the others. He still hadn't forgotten both Vorden's and Quinn's face. They were the two students who had made him risk his life in the redo portal world. 
 "For severely harming another team's teammate, you shall be deducted fifty points for whatever total score you receive on today's assessment." 
 "But they attacked us first!" Layla complained. 
 "I see no injuries on any of your party members," Del replied. 
 When they went to look at Peter, they found out it was true. Peter's arm had already healed and it didn't look like he had even been hit. 
 With that, the group was to take their punishment and carry on with the task. 
 "Come on, we need to be more aggressive if we still want to come out on top while we're already at a disadvantage," Quinn said. 
 The team nodded and got to work again. 
 The group was fifty points behind now which was the same as them finding ten plants. That one argument over a single plant had cost the team a lot. 
 But Cia tried not to smile. How could these guys be crazy enough to think that they could come back from a deficit like that? However, crazy wasn't actually bad, Cia liked crazy. 
 Although there was still one thing she couldn't understand. It seemed like everyone in the group was listening to Quinn's orders, not only that but when he was being aggressive with the other team, not a single one of them had stepped in. 
 'Was it cause they knew what the result was going to be?' She thought. 'No it can't be, I'm probably just overthinking it.' 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? 
 Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram 

 
	 Chapter 233 Battle for points 
 The battle for points was fierce as students continued to run around the area scanning every item in sight. 
 "Damn this has been scanned already!" A student complained. 
 "Yes, there's another one here that's two now!" Another yelled out. 
 Some of the weaker groups decided to stay together as a group as they went around. 
 Although this stopped other teams from snatching points from them, their progress was relatively slower than those who roamed alone. The stronger groups decided it would be best to split up, this way they were able to cover a wider range, while the other groups decided to do a mixture of something in between. 
 Even though the group thought that Del was being harsh in his punishment, it wasn't truly the case. He had planned to do something similar beforehand but wasn't quite sure how to do it until the incident gave him an excuse. 
 Quinn's group had an extra person, so they were at an advantage compared to others. But since there was only one scanner, it was hard to say how much extra influence an extra member could give. 
 But after seeing Vorden and Quinn's face once more, his emotions got the better of him as a teacher, and he decided to give them quite a setback. 
 Out of the strategies implemented by different groups... In order to catch up to the others, Quinn's group decided to do a mixture of the two. 
 They decided that they would travel around in pairs. 
 Quinn and Peter, Layla and Vorden, and lastly Fex and Cia. In the beginning there was some disagreement with the pairings, but eventually they agreed on this setup, at the end of the day it would be better for Peter to be with Quinn, and Vorden refused to team up with Cia, so that left him with Layla and Fex with Cia to make the relative strength of each group about the same. 
 It was important for them to have one strong member with a support type member. Although Layla and Cia could have gone together, if they were to confront a beast, or a similar situation happened with Peter there wasn't much that they could do. 
 The group had already split up, and while everyone was off looking for some new items to discover, Quinn noticed something peculiar. There were ten groups yet, nearly every group had a single member that acted as a type of mule. 
 A person designated to carry their belongings. 
 After a closer inspection, he also noticed that these mules were people who had the lowest levels in their group. But nevertheless, they would still wander off and look around as instructed by their team. 
 'Wouldn't this be the perfect chance?' Quinn thought. Right now, they weren't in school, and many of the students had separated from each other. If he was to take a sample of their blood and mind control them afterwards to forget what had happened, no one would ever know what he had done. 
 It was basically the perfect crime in such a perfect situation! 
 "Pio, over here!" Cia shouted. Peter then dashed off into the direction that Cia had yelled but Quinn didn't follow. Instead, he set his eyes on a target. 
 A lone female student had been designated to carry her team's luggage. She seemed to be disheartened by the whole thing, and was searching through the trees and vines in a crestfallen manner. It was obvious that she didn't feel that she was doing anything substantial or that she was even a part of the team. 
 As she bent down to look at a certain plant behind the tree, when she lifted her head again, Quinn was standing in front of her. He didn't say much because he needed to act as quickly as possible. 
 Although they were covered by the trees and vines there was always the off chance that someone could see him. 
 Quinn grabbed her hand as fast as he could and made a small scratch on her palm, her blood was now on the tip of his gauntlet. After placing it on his tongue the system message appeared. 
 [Blood type A+ Consumed] 
 [Strength 20] 
 It was a little bit of a disappointment but Quinn was hoping to obtain as much O type blood as possible, so he could increase his charm stat. Right now, his selection was limited. 
 He had to choose low-level students with lacklustre abilities who most likely had a weak mind too. But if his charm skills eventually increased, the pool of people to choose from would also increase directly proportional to his charm skills. 
 [Influence Skill Activated] 
 The girl's eyes started to glow slightly red showing that his skill was active. Quinn informed the girl to forget about the event that just occurred. Nothing strange has happened. To her it would just feel as if she had forgotten what she was about to do. 
 Before ending the spell, Quinn placed some of his saliva over the small cut allowing it to heal instantly, before heading back towards the centre as he continued his exploration. 
 While the others were busy calling out to Peter and looking for new things, Quinn was looking around to see if he could spot any other strays, that weren't with their group, and which was also in a well-hidden area as if they were hiding their shame and embarrassment to the others due to being designated as a luggage-carrying mule. 
 Eventually, Quinn managed to find two more students and he used the same tactic as before, getting him another 2 stat points. 
 Quinn managed to get another blood type O, increasing his charm points to 14, while also obtaining another blood type A increasing his strength. 
 ***** 
 Fay and Leo were standing together at the starting point where all the groups had split off. They stood there silently. Leo didn't talk much, and Fay didn't really know how to speak with him. 
 Suddenly, a beeping sound was heard from the watches of the two, indicating that one of the teams had asked for help. 
 "I'll get to it!" Fay said as she stormed off at lightning speed in the direction of one of the paths. Fay was meant to be the first one to respond since her ability was super speed, but she felt even more obliged to act due to the awkward situation between her and Leo. 
 Leo continued to stand there, taking in the fresh smell around him but it was quickly disturbed as another beep reverberated from his own watch. 
 "Another one?" Leo said. "Is this planet more dangerous than we thought? I hope there aren't any more calls." Leo said as he started to run towards a different direction from where Fay had gone. 
 He had hoped that perhaps the teachers were only being trigger happy, sending out a signal prematurely. It was always better for them to be on the cautious side when it came to these things. 
 But the fact that two signals were sent out at the same time gave Leo some concern. 
 ***** 
 The group had managed to obtain 25 points in total. They also discovered and scanned a peculiar type of rock mineral in the mix. Still, they were vastly behind the others and their weighted points at the end of everything would be -25. 
 What they were doing at this moment wasn't working and they needed a change of plan. The quickest way for them to earn points would be to find beasts. But right now, there didn't seem to be any beasts in the area as not a single group of students had encountered one just yet. 
 But once they moved away from this area at Del's command, which was when Quinn and his group would change their focus. The weaker groups wouldn't dare to risk it by going up against such things. 
 *Ding Ding Ding* 
 Just then, a few meters away from Quinn, one of the scanners had made three dings. A sound that he had hadn't heard just yet. Del didn't even bother explaining to the students the meaning of the dings, but they soon found out what the sounds meant. 
 The scanner pointed at what looked like a boulder that was stuck into the ground. The top part could be seen, and it had several areas of green moss growing over it. 
 But after the student had finished scanning the unique object. He took a few steps backwards and panic was evident on his face. 
 "A beast!" He shouted. "I found a beast!" 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release. 
 Remember to vote using the stones below! 
 The stone goals are in the Author's note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: Jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 234 New kill 
 The student's teammates had gathered around the exited student to see what he was blabbering on about. While a few others took a step back and even Del was watching carefully with his hand placed just above his communicator, ready to call one of the sergeants at any time. 
 However, there were a few students who moved forward, these tended to be the stronger ones, or those that enjoy the battle aspect more than anything. Even though they would no longer obtain any points from scanning the beast, they could still kill it and obtain the beast's crystal. 
 One of the students who was moving closer turned out to be Quinn. When killing a beast for the first time there was a special bonus the system granted him. This though, was a beast that had never even been seen by human eyes before. 
 Perhaps being the first person to kill such a beast would also grant him additional points. 
 The idea that perhaps the system would reward him even further than this, drove him to have a keen interest. 
 Still, he stood a few steps away for the results everyone was waiting for. 
 The team that had discovered the beast gathered around the scanner which displayed basic information about the beasts, and after reading one line there was excitement on their face. It was a basic tier beast. 
 Keeping this secret to themselves they immediately dashed forward. If it was an intermediate tier beast the group might have been a little cautious but a basic tier was easy pickings for a team of five. 
 Seeing the team of five, Quinn was upset about how hesitant he had been. But he couldn't act right now in front of these people. It wasn't worth it, but maybe there was something he could do. 
 The beast that the group were chasing looked like an ordinary boulder that was stuck into the ground. It was nearly impossible to tell the difference between the boulders that had been there a while covered in moss and a beast. 
 Even now as the students charged towards the thing, there was no reaction from the beast and it still looked like a boulder. 
 Seeing this an idea came to Quinn's mind. He ran around the side of all the students who were busily captivated by what was going on, and he entered a different part of the jungle. 
 "What's he doing?" Fex thought as he managed to see Quinn dart off to the side. Fex too decided to go off and keep an eye on just what Quinn was trying to do. 
 "Come on guys, we can't waste time just watching this thing, let's carry on looking around," Vorden said. 
 The other groups felt the same way, while others decided to stay and watch what a beast would look like on the planet they were on. 
 The student leading the charge, hand turned into a brick-like substance, while the other students behind also drew their weapons and had their abilities readied. 
 The student and the front slammed his fist into the boulder, a loud impact was heard but there was no reaction. 
 The ones from behind had also decided to use their attacks on the strange boulder-like beast but the same had happened and it seemed like the shell was nearly impossible to break. 
 "Is this thing really a beast?" the student asked. "I understand if it has a hard shell but then why isn't it doing anything when I attack it?" 
 Seeing that the so-called beast was doing nothing and not wanting to waste any more time, the students continued to scan around for other things. 
 However, there were some more students who tried to have a go at hurting the beast hoping to get the crystal, but there was no such luck. They felt like if they took the time they perhaps could have figured out how to deal with the beast. 
 But to put in so much effort to only get a basic crystal in return didn't make much sense to them. 
 While everyone else had now lost interest in the beast, Quinn had not. He had continued to go through the jungle using his inspect skill on every boulder type thing he could see. Most of them were just that, regular boulders, but then he had finally achieved a result. 
 [Basic tier beast, Boulder snail] 
 [A beast that has an incredibly hard outer shell. The beast will only move when rain falls] 
 Quinn had travelled quite a distance away from the others, a little too much that he was now properly out of the zone. If he was to use his team's scanner it would register that he was out of the area Del had mentioned. 
 Right now, he was only focused on one thing, unaware that the others were unable to defeat the beast, Quinn thought he was under a time frame. He wanted to be the first person to kill the beast. 
 After hearing about the description, he had an idea. Quinn stopped just in front of the boulder and readied himself. He looked around him just in case, even though he was out of the area the students were supposed to be in, he was unsure if there might have been a stray. 
 "Doesn't look like anyone's around," Quinn said. 
 He was unaware that he was actually being watched by Fex. Using strings as he walked between trees in the air, he made his movements almost silent and now he was carefully watching Quinn from above. 
 Quinn stomped his foot onto the ground, raised the energy inside him, and pulled back his arm as he let his other fist outward at the same time, he activated his skill Blood spray to create his still most powerful strike. Blood hammer. 
 If he couldn't damage the outside then he would go for an attack that hurt the inside. As his fist hit the shell, the powerful impact caused a loud bang. 
 It sounded like someone had shot off a bullet in the middle of the forest. when looking at the beast there was a large crack in the boulder and black liquid was slowly dripping out from it. 
 "Was that the hammer strike!" Fex said as he watched in shock. "But I thought he was a complete beginner? No, he is definitely a complete beginner." 
 The hammer strike was an advanced move that was only usually taught to students after they understood the basics of martial arts. But after teaching Quinn, Fex decided to not teach him anything else. Yet, here he had just witnessed Quinn perform a skill beyond the basic martial arts just like the flash step. 
 "So he really must have a teacher then, maybe they're the one that taught him the shadow ability as well? I need to find out more." Fex thought 
 [Basic beast has been killed] 
 [50 exp gained] 
 [First time killing Boulder snail] 
 [100 bonus Exp gained] 
 [You are the first person to kill a Boulder snail, 5000 bonus exp gained] 
 "Looks like I made it in time," Quinn said. After looking at the results of being the first person to kill such a beast, he was even happier with the decision he made. 
 Now the loud sound that erupted from the impact of the blood hammer on the beast's shell had echoed throughout the jungle. Even the students who were two hundred or so meters back could hear it, but they chose to ignore it since the sound was a distance away. It wasn't their concern. 
 But the sound really had travelled a good distance. Within its chambers, a large figure dwelling deep inside a cave awoken. Bloodshot red eyes flared open as it began to make its move towards the sound. 
 **** 
 READ BELOW 
 Mass release day! The remaining 3 chapters owed will be released sometime later today. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 For more MVS artwork follow: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 235 Too high to handle 
 A stab with her rapier, Fay jumped back to avoid the black blood that would spurt out from the beast, then a quick change of her weapons that couldn't be followed by regular human eyes, she had changed to a sword. 
 She swirled around, and struck the snake like beast from the tail up, slicing its body in half. 
 "Was that all of them!" Fay said in an annoyed voice as she looked at the shy female teacher. 
 "Yes!" the teacher replied as she bowed down her head in shame. 
 After the distress call received from one of the groups, Fay came at full speed towards the area. It seemed like the students had encountered a group of intermediate tier beast. 
 The snake like creature hung from above the trees and when the students had entered the area which they were meant to explore, they had dropped down. The female teacher was frightened, and before even confirming what level of beasts they were, she had asked for help. 
 When Fay arrived, she was annoyed. She could tell just from a glance that these beasts weren't above the intermediate level and as the students including the teacher herself engaged in combat, she could as well. 
 But once the distress signal was already called, it meant Fay had to check it out no matter what, and while she was here she felt like she should quickly help the students deal with the situation. 
 An intermediate beast could be dealt with by a group of five but it would still be a hard task and distract them from their goal. 
 Looking at the teacher, Fay was about to give her a scolding, just then, a *Ding sound was heard and her watch lit up again. 
 "Another one, I swear if this is the same thing, I will be having a word with all the first year teachers when I get back." with those words said in anger, she had already left from the site of the first year female teacher. 
 The teacher felt like fate was on her side, and had stopped her from getting a tuff scolding as she wiped the sweat from her forehead. 
 **** 
 [5330/400 Exp] 
 [You are now level 13] 
 [2 stat points have been gained] 
 [4930/800 Exp] 
 [You are now level 14] 
 [2 stat points have been gained] 
 [4130/1600 Exp] 
 [You are now level 15] 
 [2 stat points have been gained] 
 [2530/3200exp points] 
 For defeating the new type of beast, Quinn had gained a bonus of 5000 points which had levelled him up a total of three times, and now he also had six free stat points to play with. 
 This was the result of being the first to kill an undiscovered beast and it was only the basic tier. So far the system had always rewarded Quinn more when killing beasts of a higher tier. 
 Although, he did receive less Exp for killing a basic tier beast after evolving, similar to how he obtained no Exp form fighting low level students. If this was to continue, as Quinn levelled up he would have to not just look for higher level opponents, but also higher level beast for Exp. 
 Did this mean at some point, Quinn would no longer receive Exp? There had to be a cap to these things, and once Quinn was strong enough, he would no longer be able to obtain Exp even from the strongest of enemies. 
 But Quinn could never imagine that happening. 
 For now, he thought it was best if he was to keep these stat points in reserve. When consuming blood, the stat points were automatically added, the same was for the O type blood. Quinn would have to choose there and then what the stat would go into before progressing. 
 However, it wasn't the same when levelling up. The stat could be saved and just underneath his status screen a number would appear displaying how many stat points he could use. 
 If he needed to, Quinn wanted to place the stat points into his charm skill. It was more beneficial for him to increase this skill so he could get more blood in the future. But right now there wasn't anyone else travelling on their own and it would be hard for him to not be caught. 
 Still, the orange portal planet was a dangerous place, and Quinn didn't know when he might need to use his other stats for dangerous situations. 
 Before leaving the area, Quinn managed to shove his hand into the small hole and crack he had made. The shell now seemed a lot softer and was easier to break. Since the beast was dead, the crystal inside was no longer powering its defensive capabilities. 
 After swirling his hand around inside the beast, he eventually felt a solid object and pulled the crystal out. Even though it was only a basic tier crystal. Quinn was already thinking about what type of armour the crystal could be used for. 
 It had a good defence after all so it would be best made into, either a defensive item, or a piece of armour. 
 The crystal was stored into his system inventory, away from the eyes of others. 
 Quinn had returned to where the others were and he could see Fex by Cia's side as well. He had managed to leave just after seeing Quinn kill the beast, and did not see what Quinn had done with the crystal after. 
 As Quinn walked past him and went to join up with Peter, Fex did his best to look as unsuspicious as possible. He started whistling away while looking through the trees. 
 "Did you do something wrong?" Cia asked. She could tell that Fex was acting strange ever since he returned. Hearing this, Caused Fex to jolt back a bit. 
 "No, I'm just getting bored. Why would I have anything to hide? Maybe you have something to hide, and that's why you're accusing me of having something to hide?" Fex replied back. 
 "You know, that's a classic line of someone who's been caught." Cia replied as she walked off, already uninterested in whatever Fex was trying to hide. 
 It had been over an hour now and the group had a total of sixty points. They had finally recovered from their deficit. They were unable to see where they were as none of the groups knew each other's scores. But they had a rough idea form watching, and with the fifty point deduction, they wouldn't be surprised if they were still in the last place… 
 Now when students were scanning items with the scanner, it would constantly come up with an error. Fifteen minutes had passed and there wasn't a single sound indicating the students had found something. The only beast that was found was the strange boulder beast as well. 
 "I guess it's time for us to move on." Del said. A larger device was tied around his waist, which looked like a larger version of the scanner the students had. After pressing several buttons on his own scanner. A sound was heard, and suddenly, none of the students were able to scan anything at the moment. 
 "Alright students, everyone gather up in the centre, it's time for us to move on to the next area!" Del shouted. 
 As the students started to walk over to Del, loud low sounds could be heard, and a vibration underneath felt in their feet. 
 "What is that?!" A student said worried as the loud sounds where consistent. 
 It was clear that something large was coming towards them, and it wasn't human. 
 The loud sounds started to get louder and now the sounds of trees crashing onto the ground could be heard. 
 Every student was looking into the direction of where the sound was coming. Two of the trees closest to the open part of the jungle were knocked down, and now they could see what was making all that noise. 
 The large beast stood on all fours, and had a long neck. There was no fur, and it resembled something similar to a dinosaur. Even the size was something similar to what they would have imagined. The only difference was on its back it seemed to have a large flower bud. It completely covered it from its neck to its tail. 
 The students picked up their scanners and immediately started to scan the beast. Size wasn't always the indicator of strength. Quickly, they realised their scanners had been turned off by Del and they were unable to tell the level of the beast. 
 But for Quinn, it was different. 
 [Advanced tier beast Flora Saur] 
 [Unable to obtain further information] 
 **** 
 Mass release day! 
 Want another mass release? 
 Then remember to vote using your stones below! 
 The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For more artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 236 A teachers duty 
 "Guy's we have to run!" Quinn said in a serious tone. 
 They didn't know why, but Quinn was clearly shocked after seeing the beast. Perhaps it was his vampire senses tingling telling him this was a strong beast Vorden thought. 
 But it wasn't the case, for Fex stood unaware of the danger in front of them. Some vampires were able to sense how dangerous a beast was, but Fex senses still weren't at that level yet. So to him it just looked like any other beast, only this one was a little larger. 
 After finding out it was an advanced tier beast, Quinn didn't even think about the possibility of trying to defeat it for its experience points. Last time he had fought against an intermediate beast and almost died. 
 There was no way for Quinn to tell how strong the intermediate beast he thought against was, some were stronger than others, but whenever there was a jump up in the level of beast tiers. There was a definite strength difference. 
 He didn't have confidence he could defeat it, and definitely not while hiding abilities. Even though Fex was by his side, who had supposedly killed ten advanced tier beasts. Fex had the same problem as Quinn, where he was unable to reveal himself in front of this many people. 
 However, if Fex honestly did know the level of the beast, even he would have been frightened. Fex just like when Quinn faced an intermediate beast, barely made it out alive. He wasn't strong enough to easily deal with one and definitely not while hiding his powers. 
 The students were also frightened, mostly because of the size of the beast. When it exited from the trees, it had stopped and was now looking down at them. The beast was a little larger than a two floor house. While it's long neck stretched out causing a shadow to be cast over the students at the front. 
 Seeing the beast, Del nervously took the larger scanner from his side. His hands were shaking as he pointed it at the creature, and after a few seconds, his fears were confirmed. It was an advanced level beast. 
 Del was never much of a fighter, and his ability also didn't support that fact. Immediately, he started tapping away at his wristwatch. Sending out a distress signal. He was unaware of how many times he had pressed the button. 
 Del just wanted one of the sergeants to appear in front of them now. 
 Out of all the students, Quinn was the first to take a step away, trying to get a head start on the other students, but the sound of his steps caused the leaves to ruffle, and the creatures head turned and immediately looked at Quinn. 
 "Maybe moving isn't a good idea," Layla said. 
 "Yeah, while it's not being aggressive, let's not do anything," Quinn replied. 
 Del had felt the same way, which was why he hadn't shouted at the students to run away or retreat. The sudden movements could frighten the beasts. Most beasts were hostile towards humans, but the higher tiers seemed to have more intelligence, and some would leave humans alone. 
 Although, that didn't stop the humans from hunting them for their crystals. 
 Del was hoping that the students at least knew this basic knowledge, and wouldn't try attacking the beast, giving them all the best chance for survival. 
 The bud on the beast's back slowly started to open up, revealing a pink centre. Out of the pink centre, six vines had also appeared rising up in the air before dropping down and falling to the beast side. 
 The vines seemed to be alive and being controlled by the beast. Although the beast wasn't moving, the vines were stretching out from the buds as if there was no end in sight. 
 One of the vines had reached the student closest to the beast. The end of the vine was slightly larger, and looked similar to the head of the beast itself but was still green in colour. Right now, the head of the vine was floating directly about in front of the student. 
 His heart was beating loudly, and he now had his eyes closed, hoping that if he couldn't see the beast, it would somehow calm down his nerves. 
 After waiting a while, and nothing happening. The student eventually opened his eyes, at that moment, the head of the vine opened up and attached itself to the students. 
 Using both hands, he grabbed onto the vine and tried to pull as hard as he could, but it was no use. The suction and sticky-ness of the vine was too strong, and he couldn't break free. 
 The vine lifted the student high up into the air and towards the beast mouth. As it opened up its mouth, several sharp teeth could be seen, and the beats took a bite that caused nearly half of the student's body to disappear. 
 "Everyone run! It's a hostile advanced tier beast!" Del shouted as he ran into a random part of the jungle. 
 Most of the students decided to follow where Del had gone. It was instinct for students when in time of need to rely on adults that were there. Especially since Del was their teacher and was meant to be there for their guidance. 
 The beast continued to use its vines to grab the students closest and as they screamed in pain and cried out for their teachers help. Del closed his eyes and tried to ignore them. 
 "If I go back and try to save them now, we could all die. This is the right thing to do," he told himself. 
 The students who had gotten a head start had managed to create a distance between them and the beast. The beast still hadn't moved and was busy eating the students it had managed to catch. 
 However, while Del was running blindly through the jungle, he was aware of a great problem. The distress signal sent from the watch was just that, it was only a signal sent to the sergeants. 
 As stated before, the GPS tracker and other features of the watch didn't work well or not at all on other planets. Even the scanner could only work with the technology of the master scanner that Del held. 
 The system was designed so when a signal was sent, the sergeants could tell which team the single was coming from. They would then head over in that direction. If Leo, or Fay was to head there now though, they would no longer be there and would have no clue where del or the other students had gone. 
 But right now they had no choice. Suddenly, the loud sound of the footsteps could be heard coming in their direction once again. The beast was on the move and had finished its snack. 
 Quinn's group were quite fast and were just behind Del. Peter had picked up Layla and held her in his hands while surprisingly, Cia was able to keep up with them. 
 Fex and Quinn were not travelling at full speed as they made sure to stay behind Del. Unaware that Del had no plan. 
 The students at the back could hear the booming footsteps getting louder and louder. In the end, the temptation got the better of them. They turned around and was caught by one of the vines. 
 Some of the students were a bit smarter in their movements and would travel in between trees, making it harder for the beast to catch them. Still, it did nothing to slow down the main beast's body as it would continue to bulldoze its way through the trees. 
 Then when Del wad made it past another tree, they had finally come out to an open area. A small vertical wall with vines on could be seen. Most likely the side of a mountain. Del thought about attempting to climb it, but would take some time for them to scale, and the beast would catch up with them by then. 
 The open area was quite large, to the left and right there were two paths, but they were slightly slanted going uphill and Del didn't like their chances of outrunning the beast. 
 "We have no choice, we have to turn and fight!" Del shouted. 
 The forty or so students knew the seriousness of the situation. They turned around facing the jungle which they had just exited from and prepared their weapons and abilities. 
 A few moments later and the beast came crashing thru, with tees flying off to the side. 
 "If we want to live, I might have to fight with everything I've got," Quinn said. 
 **** 
 READ BELOW 
 Mass release day! The remaining 3 chapters owed will be released sometime later today. 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 Follow on Instagram for MVS artwork: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 237 The power of suppor 
 When looking up at the beast, blood could be seen dripping from its mouth. It was even quite a shocking site for both Fex and Quinn. They also consumed blood but this wasn't the same. One of the students intestines could be seen dangling from the side of the mouth of the beast and even for them, this was too much. 
 The vines continued to hover around the beats side as if they were alive like snakes. While the main body of the beast charged straight ahead into the students. Like a whip, the vines were used to knock the students closest away. 
 It caused quite a deep cut amongst the student's body that had been hit. They felt like they could have just as easily been hit with a sword. The attack was so fast and sharp it even felt like one. 
 Some of the students that saw their friends hurt started to rush towards them. 
 "No don't!" Del shouted. Del had propped his shield up and dug it into the ground while staying behind. His ability wasn't that great so all he could do was stay at the back, near the mountain wall. 
 "Healers, and support type abilities come and stay behind me, we don't want you to get hurt!" Del commanded. "Anyone who uses a beast weapon as their main attack, come closer to me now." 
 They did as their teacher told them to. Right now, the element abilities were busy distracting the beast, aiming for the attack against the legs while other students would try their best to block the vines. 
 The ones that had used beast weapons as their main attack had gone towards Del and could see him placing his hand on each item. 
 "I wonder what he's doing?" Quinn thought as he went over to take a closer look. 
 "My ability allows me to double the strength and durability of any beast weapon for a limited time. We need to defeat the beast before time runs out." Quinn overhead Del said. 
 Hearing this, Quinn too lined up waiting for the teacher. Those who had their equipment improved had gone to join in the fight with the other students. 
 There was a mixture of people, some were scared, some felt like they had no choice but to fight, and for a few of them. They enjoyed the thrill of a fight and couldn't help themselves but join in. 
 Quinn was the last to line up and eventually, it got to his turn. 
 "Boy, there's no point wasting this on you." Del said." Will you even get in a fight? Besides, I can only use my ability so many times in a day. It would be a waste on you." 
 These words had angered Quinn. If he wasn't going to use his vampire abilities, he thought he might be able to help out greatly just using his beast weapons. With all the students attacking the beast at once, it would be hard for them to tell where the bulk of the damage had come from. 
 "What about you?" Quinn said. "Why are you allowed to hide back here, while the others are attacking and defending. Is this shield just for show?" 
 "Yeah, you try to be a smartass," Del replied. "As you can see, I'm here protecting all the students behind me." 
 As Quinn looked at the students behind Del. He could see many of them with fear and shock in their faces. A few even had tears in their eyes as they saw their friends get hurt. 
 "I have to help him!" A woman cried as she went running forward, but her friend quickly pulled her back towards their group. 
 "Don't! I know you want to try to save him, but if you get hurt, we can't save anyone." Another female replied. 
 Out of all the students in Del's class. Her ability worked more like a buff increases the overall strength of a student, but still, it would be better than leaving them out there. 
 About eight of the students had been attacked by the vine-like whip. It seemed like the beast had stopped eating students while there were many around attacking it. 
 Still, the wounds on these students were quite bad and the two of them were unable to move. 
 After hearing what Del said, Quinn didn't really want to help out, but after seeing the sad look on the faces of the others he knew he had to do something. 
 "Pio come!" Quinn shouted as he dashed off towards the fallen students on the ground. 
 "IS he going to try to save them?" A student asked. 
 "No, he's only a level one, he must just be an idiot." 
 Peter wasn't the only one that was following Quinn, right now on his other side Fex was running closely behind him as well. 
 "I'll cover you while you do whatever you want to do, but you will owe me one after this," Fex said with a wink. 
 As the three boys got closer to the beast the vines started to head towards them slashing out at an incredible speed. The first one was towards Peter who attempted to grab the vine but it was just too fast. 
 It had slipped through and sliced the palm of his hands quite deep. As usual, there was no pain and his hand was already starting to heal. 
 Now on the other side, another vine was coming towards them and this time it was Fex's turn. Fex was a vampire and was unable to use his ability just like Quinn. However, there was a clear advantage of Fex's ability over others. 
 When using his string ability it was almost invisible to the human eye. As the vine came towards him, spread both his hands out and slashed it downward cutting the head of the vine right off. 
 However, just like with Peter, the vines seemed to have an incredible recovery speed and right now the head was starting to form out of the cut cells by Fex. 
 When by the bleeding student's side Quinn placed his finger into the students blood around the chest. It was too far away for the other students to see the finer details and everyone else was busy fighting the beast. 
 Quickly shifting his hand into his mouth, he quickly picked up the student and rushed back to the others. 
 [Ab blood type consumed] 
 [Stamina 18] 
 Quinn then repeated this process with the other students who had been hit. In total, he managed to save five students and at the same time consumed their blood. 
 While the others had been flung away, or were too deep fighting in the carnage for Quinn to get the chance to consume their blood. 
 All in all, Quinn had gotten stronger. 
 [strength 23] 
 [Agility 19] 
 [Stamina 18] 
 [Charm 16] 
 Fex didn't let Quinn's strange habits go unnoticed. Even if he did enjoy the taste of blood greatly like some vampires did, to do so in the middle of a battle was a bit crazy. 
 While Quinn was busy looking at his stats and the two by his side were busy dealing with the vines, a third vine had already set its sight on Quinn. 
 When the two had looked at each other. The vine had set its target. IT reached out as far as it could to grab onto Quinn. But he wasn't as nimble when moving backwards and could see the vine would soon catch up. 
 Just as the vine was about to reach Quinn, it's movements suddenly slowed, and Quinn was able to create a distance between the two. He looked around seeing what possibly could have been the cause. 
 That's when he noticed the strange ghost-like spear, half of its body inside an elephant. 
 "The spirit spear?" Quinn said confused but when looking back, he could see Cia had decided to help out by using her spear. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? then remember to vote using your stones below. the stone goals are in the authors note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 238 Berserk mode 
 Thanks to Cia's spear. The beast had slowed down just enough for Quinn to move out of the way, avoiding the vine whip. Fex and Peter had also now resorted to dodging after finding out the incredible growth speed of the vines. 
 However, the fact that the beast was slowed down didn't go unnoticed. A second spear was thrown and had landed in the same spot on the beast legs. The effect of two spears had stacked and now the beast was 20 percent slower than it usually would have been, and also twenty percent weaker. 
 The students took advantage of this temporary weakness. Their attacks were bouncing off the beast's thick hide were now doing damage, and the vines that were troubling started to move slower. 
 Still, the beast was strong and even at 80 percent of its strength, it was able to fend off the attacks form forty different students. 
 Cia continued to throw her spirit spears at the beast. At most though, she was only able to stack up two spears. Whenever she would throw a third spear into the beast the first one would have already lasted for five seconds and disappear. 
 Her ability was perfect for situations like this. The beast was a big target and other then it's vines, it's main body wasn't too fast unless it was running in a straight line. 
 If she was to go up against other beasts, even some intermediate beats, it might have been harder for her to use her ability, but right now, she was one of the most important people when it came to taking down this creature. 
 "If only we could make it even weaker," Del said. 
 As that moment, a blonde by stood by Cia's side, and in his hand, he too had a spirit spear. 
 "Looks like you have quite a good ability there," Vorden said as he threw the spear into the beast's leg. 
 With Vorden and Cia using their sprit spears, the beast now had lost 40 percent of its overall strength. It was nearly half of what it used to be. 
 The students were now doing even better than before, and even the ones whos weapons had been reinforced by Del were working. 
 Quuinn no longer felt the need for him or Fex to get involved when fighting the beast. The students that had been brought back by Quinn were getting treatment from the support students. 
 Now that the beasts movements had slowed, they had joined the battle and went to support their teammates using buffs and other skills. The only one that remained in position with a smile on his face was Del. "This is brilliant, it looks like these students might be able to take down and advance beast after all. I might even get a promotion for this!" Del thought about excitedly. 
 When looking at him, Quinn felt like he could read his teacher like an open book. Especially after there earlier interaction. He got the sense that Del was quite a selfish person and he was right. Even now, although the situation had gotten better it wasn't perfect. 
 Students still ended up dying, but all Del could think about was himself. 
 After a good fifteen minutes of constant attacks from most of the students, other than Quinn, Fex who decided to lay low. Even Peter and Layla were actively helping. 
 The beast now looked heavily injured. It lifted its front two feet into the air and slammed them onto the ground. The mass weight of the beast caused the ground to shake around the students a little. It also served as a reminder to the other student that this beast was still plenty strong. 
 The beast repeatedly did this action as it roared and screamed, at the same time, the vines that were coming off from the bud on its back were swinging more widely. 
 "What is this, have the spears warn off or something?" A student said. 
 But when looking at the beast, the spears from Vorden and Cia still remained. They continued to attack the beast with them. Although at this point, Cia was feeling incredibly drained along with Vorden. They had been using their abilities for a while nonstop and didn't know how much longer they could last. 
 The beast using its long head was now looking over back into the jungle and the next second it started running off back from where it came. The students who were stood behind the beast rolled and dived out of the way, for fear they might get trampled on. 
 "Should we chase it, if it's running away doesn't that mean its nearly dead?" A student asked. 
 Quinn also had the same thought. If the beast was injured and the others weren't going to chase it. Then maybe he could. Killing an advanced beast would gain him an enormous amount of exp points. 
 "Nobody chase the beast!" Del shouted. "Some advanced type beasts and above have something called a berserker mode. Once injured to a certain point, if the beast feels like it's stuck in a corner. It will activate its berserker mode, sometimes increasing its strength several times." 
 After hearing Del's explanation, Quinn had second thoughts about chasing the beast. He was reminded of the strength of the beast before the debuff from Vorden and Cia. On top of that there where forty students fighting it at once. 
 If a single person was given the task to deal with the advanced beast, Quinn couldn't imagine anyone coping. All of the vines would be free to attack you along with the main body of the beast. 
 Even if it didn't have a berserker mode, Quinn didn't like his chances of beating the beast alone. This one he would just have to let go. 
 When the beast had reentered the jungle, and a minute had passed without it returning. They knew that they had achieved a victory. 
 Cheers and congratulations were shouted out between friends and classmates. They had managed to survive such an intense ordeal. 
 Many of the students had gone up to those who had put themselves on the front line. Congratulating them for being brave and attack the beast from the beginning. This included Del who had come over. 
 It was no surprise, Quinn after all had contributed nothing to cause the beast to run away. The other students deserved the praise. 
 But then. A female with light pink hair stepped in front of Quinn and bowed down to him. As she lifted up her head her eyes were filled with tears. 
 "Thank you… so much for saving my friend." The pink haired girl said. After that, she hurried off to join her teammates. 
 The thanks should have made Quinn feel good but it didn't. It had made Quinn feel bad instead. 
 Originally, he had only gone out there not to save the students, but because he saw it as an opportunity to take thier blood. Just like Del, his reactions were because of selfish reasons not because he was trying to be a hero. 
 He didn't deserve the praise. 
 When the students had all settled down, they decided to have a minute of silence, out of respect for the students that had been lost. But they couldn't spend much time for they were in a serious situation right now. 
 The beast had chased the group quite a distance away from their original location. Not only that but Del had no clue where they were or how to get back. When running away he had headed in a random direction and didn; take note. 
 Thier were no maps for the planet yet either, since the place they were in was undiscovered 
 "What do we do now?" A student asked Del. 
 Leo had arrived at the camp where the distress signal had come from. Before arriving here he had dealt with two more incidents form other camps. It was clear this planet was quite active with beasts. 
 Still, it was too early to tell whether it was worthy of the decision to make it a red portal planet. If there was only a few advanced tier beast and they got rid of them, then it was possible for them to give the planet a green grade. 
 For the first time though when arriving at the location of a distress call. There were no students around. Leo started to hunt around for clues when the sounds of large heavy footsteps could be heard heading in his direction. 
 "Now what do we have here?" Leo said. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For more MVS artowork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 239 Where are we? 
 The sound of the footsteps could be heard loud and clear. Leo was even able to see the energy as each foot was placed on the ground. He activated his ability a little more and now his vision was even wider than most people could see with their own eyes. 
 It didn't matter how many trees or obstacles were blocking his path. Whatever was heading towards him he would be able to see it clearly and that he did. A large flame of red energy seemed to be spiralling to his direction. 
 The energy of the beast seemed to be getting wilder on the outside but when looking closer and towards the core of the beast's crystal. Leo could see the energy was actually being more condensed. The flames of aura were entering the crystal while the leftovers were sparkling on the outside. 
 This was what happened when a beast was just about to go into berserker mode. Soon the Condensed energy would explode and the power of the beast would temporarily increase. 
 "If it gets to that point it might be a little bit inconvenient." Leo moaned as he drew out his trusty sword. There was no need for Leo to move from the spot he was in, the beast was already coming towards him so he stood there and waited. 
 Finally, the beast had arrived barging itself through and knocking the trees down in its path. Unfortunately, Leo was unable to see that the beast itself was injured from the battle with the students. 
 His ability allowed him to see the outline of the beast and the things around him but he wasn't able to see the finer details. If the beast was nearly dead he could tell from their aura but this one still had plenty of life. 
 Immediately six, lines of red energy came whipping out at Leo. Focusing his mind, he waited until all paths of the red energy crossed each other, in that moment he took a single swing of his blade. The six vines that had come out at him had all been sliced off. 
 Leo could see that the energy was still flowing through the vines as they started to regrow, but what he was more concerned about was the energy building up in the beast's body. 
 Ignoring the vines and looking at the head of the beast, it was quite large and a distance away. "Well, I don't want to go all the way up there," Leo said. 
 He placed his sword in his sheath and prepared himself. When he was sure where his target was going to be, a single movement, drawing all of his energy out and pulling the blade out of the sheath as fast as he could. A line of his own energy had left the sword as it was taken out of its sheath. 
 The line of energy was thin and white in colour but the beast had no time to react and it had completely passed through its neck. A few moments later and the beast neck was starting to slide from its head and fell to the ground, its body then shortly followed after. 
 "I guess you can't regenerate your head." Said Leo. 
 After defeating the beast he didn't stop for a moment, not even to extract the crystal core from its body. He didn't have much time to investigate the area before, and the beast had suddenly come out and attacked him. 
 But during the fight, he had spotted something when looking at the beasts aura from his position, in the distance were the dead bodies of the students. They no longer produced a flame of aura, but a little leftover essence was always showing on their bodies a few hours later. 
 Right now, the students were a priority and if they had run into similar beasts to the one he had just faced. He feared the worst for the students. 
 **** 
 Back where the others were, just by the mountainside wall. Del and a few of the other students were deciding what to do. Del had called over, the main helpers and the strongest rank students on for their advice. 
 In Del's class, there weren't many strong students. There were a couple of level 6 students and a few level 5 but that was it for the class. Vorden was considered one of the strongest students despite his level, but he had not been invited to the group meeting that Del was hosting. 
 This was because Del still bore a grudge against Vorden, and after what Quinn had said, he now hated their whole group. 
 "Maybe we should head back where the beast came out from?" A student suggested. "If we follow the trail of broken down trees then maybe we can find out way back." 
 "That won't work," Del replied. "The jungle is large and if that beast lives here then there are likely to be many trees and paths that have been created by the beasts and those similar to it. If we follow one of those paths we might even be just leading ourselves to be dinner for another beast." 
 "Well, you suggest something." Another student said, their tone sharp, rather annoyed at the situation. Even they felt like so far Del had been useless at everything. Still, Del was a higher rank than them not just as a teacher but in the military as well and they needed to show him some respect. 
 He could also be the deciding factor on their grades. So the students bit down their tongues and moved on. But that didn't change the fact of how useless he had been. 
 "I think we should go up one of the side paths of the mountain," Del suggested. "If we go up high then we can see the jungle from above. We should be able to see where the area we started from was and if we can't see that, we will definitely be able to spot the shelter." 
 It wasn't a bad idea the others thought, but after encountering such a dangerous beast. The idea of going further into the unknown was frightening for them. 
 Still, with the only other idea already shot down by the teacher what choice did they have. The students were told to inform the others of the plan, as each group made sure they had their supplies and started to head out. 
 "This is so stupid!" Cia complained. "We should at least stay here for a while and wait. Maybe another group or the sergeant will come and find us. If you're lost you're meant to stay still." 
 "Well, I think we're just climbing the mountain to see where we are, then will probably head back down," Layla explained. 
 "I still think we should wait a little bit before doing anything," Cia replied. 
 "Although I don't like Del." Vorden said, "Maybe for these guys staying in one place isn't a good idea. Look at their faces. Now they are moving and it's making them forget about what happened. They might think if they stay there, other beasts will come and attack them, maybe even the same one. But as we move at least we are working towards our goal." 
 "Okay, okay pretty boy you convinced me," Cia replied. "Let's go." 
 **** 
 Want another mass release, then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note. 
 For more MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 240 Purple grass 
 (Author note: there was no upload yesterday due to me having to make an emergency trip to the hospital. Hope you understand and I hope this doesn't happen again. 
 The decision was inconclusive and halved for which side of the mountain they wanted to track up. There was the option of sending half the group on one side too. But after seeing how effective they were as a single unit against a powerful beast. 
 They felt that it was best to keep everyone together in one powerful group in case something similar happened again. 
 They started to travel up on the left side of the mountain. Del had made the decision and was ordering the group around, but he wasn't the one that stood in front of the group. Instead, some of the stronger groups had their own individual front liner. 
 Del had made some type of excuse claiming that he was the only one able to use the communicator to contact the sergeants. What if he disappeared? If that happened, then the sergeants would have no clue where they were. 
 But this was a lie. 
 For the sergeants didn't have a clue where Del's class were. They only knew that they had sent out a distress signal. 
 The scanners had been turned on. They would still record points and work as long as they were within a 200-meter radius of Del. Even though the scanners still provided each student with points for their team. There was no fierce competition anymore. 
 The group decided to stay close together and no one was venturing far away from their team or far from the whole group. 
 While scanning new items, the scanner would still do the same, but the sense of competition was no longer there. The reason why Del had turned the scanners back on, was because they were good tools at finding out what was around them. 
 Whether there were dangerous plants or precious ores… 
 But the primary function of the scanners for Del was to detect beasts and their levels while those beasts were still far away from the group. 
 If they came across another beast and it was far too powerful for their group to handle. Del didn't even dare to imagine the number of casualties and the number of remaining students that would be able to come back with them to the military camp. 
 The group slowly progressed and eventually, the slope started to level out. They could still see the large wall and the ground behind them, so they found it a little strange. 
 Usually, any mountains had a lot of ridges with levelled and inclined ground, so this mountain seemed strange. 
 The open field was long and still very green like most of the jungle so far. With plants here and there, but there was a lot more open space. They were higher in elevation now, but they were still unable to see the top of the mountain from below. 
 When one of the students went to the edge they looked down, and although they could see the part of the jungle where they had made their last stand against the advanced tier beast. 
 One of the more curious students went over to the edge and looked down. Even though they could still see the part of the jungle where they made their last stand against that beast previously... 
 They were unable to see where they had started from the beginning nor the shelter. Depending which direction Del had run from the camp, the only way for them to see the shelter or where they once came from was to climb to a high enough point so they could see the area around them in a bird's eye view. 
 But the slightly inclined ground they were on looked like it could go on for miles and the only way left to get higher up the mountain was to scale it using their hands and feet. 
 But that wouldn't be a possible option for their group. 
 The students started to walk around to see if there were any other option to scale the mountain, or if they could see the shelter from the edges of the mountain. 
 "Maybe it's best if we just head back down. Going up the mountain might be more dangerous than roaming around down there." Layla said. 
 ��I agree. But also, it doesn't look like Del really knows what he is doing," Vorden replied. 
 Del was currently just standing in the middle, looking up at the mountain to his right and down the sloped path from where they had come from. In the middle of their exploration though, three clear and distinctive dings were suddenly heard. 
 The students all turned to where the sound came from as it indicated that a beast had been discovered by the scanner. When looking at the student whose scanner had gone off, it looked like there was nothing— even around him. 
 "What did you discover?" Del said as he started to walk over to the student. 
 The student pointed at a purple blade of grass on the floor. When walking up the slope there were patches of grass here and there. Most of the grass was green in colour but once in a while, they could see some stalks of grass coloured purple. 
 Nearly all of the students decided to ignore it, as it seemed just like an odd thing with nothing else strange about it. But when they felt boredom in their exploration. This particular student decided to give it a scan anyway to relieve some of his boredom. 
 But to his surprise, the scanner said that he wasn't holding a plant, but a beast. 
 When Del snatched the scanner from the student, a dark expression appeared on his face, "An intermediate beast, this little thing? How can that be possible?" 
 The purple shade of grass was the same size as all the other pieces of grass. It seemed impossible for there to be a beast crystal inside. The students were not actively looking at the grass around them, but now they noticed that there were a few single strands of purple grass every so often from the grasses surrounding them. 
 A few drops of water from the sky started to land onto the ground and onto the faces of the students. 
 "Is it starting to rain?" Layla asked. "That's just great, we might have to try to find some cover." 
 But Quinn was interested in the beast. If it was another new type and he found a way to defeat it before anyone else. He would gain a large amount of exp once again. 
 He bent down and looked closer at the blade of grass. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Intermediate beast: Dumping Bait Beast] 
 [The top of the beast's head can often seem like a blade of grass. While most of its body remained underground. The beast cannot move, but when the rain comes it will sprout from underneath.] 
 After reading the message, the rain started to get heavier around them. Just like with the boulder snails from before, it seemed that the beast was also active in the rain. 
 And right now, they were experiencing their first bit of rain since coming to the place. 
 Quinn immediately started to look around him and noticed many of the students were looking at the purple blade of grass. There were nearly as many blades of grass as the students. 
 In a way, it seemed that a small army of intermediate beasts was about to pop out from under the ground. Perhaps this would be even more troublesome than the advanced tier beasts. 
 As a single raindrop fell on the purple shade of grass, it suddenly started to shake and the ground around started to vibrate as well. 
 "What the hell, is going on here?" Fex said 
 "Guys! Get away from the purple grass!" Quinn shouted to his teammates. "Let's head back down the slope." 
 As Quinn said these words, a two-meter tall purple plant appeared behind him. Its body was as thick as a tree, and its was head as wide as a car. On top of its head was the strand of grass that could barely be seen on top of the giant plant-like beast. 
 "Quinn!" Layla shouted as the plant dived down. 
 But it was too late, the large plant had swallowed Quinn whole. 
 ***** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 241 A strange item 
 Chaos had erupted on the side slope of the mountain. Once the raindrops touched the top of the beasts' head. It had sent them a signal informing them to rise to the surface. The beast was tall and wide and to top it off, they were fast and nimble as well. 
 Most of the students were still tired from the fight with the advance tiered beast earlier. Most of their MC Cells had been used and they hadn't had enough time to recover. Their instinct told them to run upon seeing the beasts rising from underneath the ground. 
 However, the beats were just too fast. As if it was a snake, the plants opened their mouths wide and sometimes consumed more than one student at a time, and one of these students was Quinn. 
 "We have to get him out of there!" Vorden shouted as he looked around at the other students. "Damn it, why isn't there someone with high-level abilities in this class." 
 Del's class was considered one of the weakest class and they had gotten significantly weaker after Erin had left. Vorden was hoping at one point to come across one of the other classes and copy one of their abilities. 
 One of the downside's to Vorden's ability was the fact that he would have to wait twenty-four hours before storing a new ability. At most with the help of Raten and Sil, he could store three at a time. Because of this, Vorden was actually cautious about whose ability he copied. 
 Right now, it didn't seem like anyone's ability was doing well against the plants. 
 "He's already dead, let's just get out of here," Cia complained. 
 "No, he's not dead," Peter replied. "I can tell." 
 Although Cia had no clue what Peter meant by this... the others realised that the reason must be some type of link between the two. That could also be the explanation as to why Peter wasn't going mad right now after witnessing the death of Quinn. 
 "I'll go get him!" Fex said. The others were surprised by his words. They knew Quinn and Fex weren't close enough, but obviously from Fex's words. He was genuinely concerned about Quinn. But the question was, when did the two of them become so close? 
 But Fex could tell the seriousness of the situation. He was the only one along with Quinn that hadn't done much during the fight against the advanced tier beast, so he still had plenty of energy. 
 Fex ran and leapt into the air, but in a blink of an eye the plant swayed its large body to the side, and at an incredible speed struck Fex who was still in mid-air, slamming him back to the side of the mountain. 
 "Maybe jumping straight forward wasn't such a good idea." The pain wreaking havoc on Fex's body wasn't too bad but he was still a little dazed. When he managed together where he was he could see the plant already coming towards him across the floor with its mouth wide open. 
 When he finally managed to get up, the plant was already coming for him, streaking across the floor with its mouth wide open— ready to devour him. 
 There was no panic on Fex's face, just a slight smile. "Eat me then you piece of…" Then— he was gone. Swallowed by the beast plant. It lifted its whole body and raised its head, making sure that whatever it managed to consume would go straight down. 
 The others, stayed there watching the plant for a few seconds, hoping that Fex had some sort of plan. 
 There was a lot of popular news established by media centres about some people's miraculous escape after being swallowed by a beast. It was reported that those people killed their way out of the beast's body. 
 But after watching for a while and seeing no result, the situation couldn't be more obvious. 
 "Run!" Vorden shouted. "It's all we can do, if Peter says Quinn is safe then we just have to believe him." 
 Vorden along with Layla was the first to take their advice. Layla was a little behind Vorden so she had a headstart. Seeing this, Vorden decided he didn't have time to be picky about what abilities he had. 
 If he touched Layla, then at least he would have something to protect himself while fighting. Thinking about this, he ran faster— straight for Layla. 
 He then reached out and grabbed her hand. 
 "Hey what are you doing!" Layla complained, but she quickly stopped her complaint as another beast plant was heading straight for the two of them. She held out her hand hoping to slow it down even just by a little bit. 
 As Vorden turned, he threw one of the sprit spears and it pierced straight through the beast's head. But it clearly wasn't enough, and the beast was quick to retaliate. Swallowing the two in an instant. 
 "What are you doing!" Cia shouted. She too had rushed off hoping to run away, but she quickly stopped as she noticed there were also several plants behind them. Some groups were still dealing with them but not even one was successful. 
 The only group that seemed to be doing well was the group led by Teacher Del. 
 He had taken his large shield with him and was holding it up with his back against the mountain wall. With only one possible angle of attack Del and a few other students were able to block most of the incoming attacks from the plants. 
 And since the plants weren't able to move from their original position. At most, the group had to block attacks from three incoming plant beasts. 
 "Let's go over there!" she shouted. "It's the safest place, with my ability we can make it." At this point, she was tugging on Peter's uniform, but he stayed there— still looking at one of the plants. 
 "If Quinn is somewhere else, then I need to go with him," Peter replied. 
 "Screw you!" She shouted in anger. "If you want to die, then go die yourself." 
 A single step, Cia cried out. 
 She turned around and suddenly realized that all she could see was pitch black. Then, a few seconds later she felt the sensation of falling. 
 The whole group had now been swallowed by different beats plants. Fex and Quinn, Layla and Vorden, and finally Peter and Cia. A few of the other students had been swallowed to, a few were also knocked off the side of the cliff. 
 While the majority somehow managed to make it to where Del's position was. Even though they felt weak. With Del doing most of the blocking, the students were able to use their attacks to fight against the plant beasts that managed to reach them. 
 They continued to do this until eventually, the rain started to stop. The moment the rain stopped— all of the beasts went into hibernation at the same time. They returned underground and turned into beautiful stalks of purple grasses once more. 
 Amazingly, soil started to form over the purple grasses, and in a blink of an eye. The mountain had returned to its original state. It was as if nothing had happened. 
 "Is it over?" A student asked huffing and panting, he felt as if he would collapse from exhaustion at any moment. 
 "I think so," Del replied. "I think these beasts reacted to the rain. They seemed to appear and disappear at the same time as the rain appeared and vanished... Luckily for us, in a place like this, the downpour might be strong, but it doesn't last for long. However, we don't know when the next downpour will be." 
 "What should we do know, and what about the others?" Another asked. 
 Del looked around, and he could see there wasn't much blood. Also, during his studies, he discovered that plant-type beasts mostly weren't carnivores. The fact that these plants probably didn't have the acid necessary to digest meat meant that the students were still probably alive. 
 "I hate to say this but they're probably already dead." Del lied. "It's best if we head back down to where we were. If we carry on going upward then there might be even more dangerous bests." 
 Some of the students were annoyed by what Del had just suggested. 
 They had made this suggestion earlier and even said the same thing to Del. informing him there might be more danger up ahead. Still, he decided to progress anyway and now he was saying travelling upward was a bad idea. 
 Before heading back down the slope, a student spotted another person walking up. As they saw who it was— a huge smile appeared on their face. 
 "Seargent Leo!" The students shouted. 
 Even Del was delighted and happy... 
 There wasn't much that needed to be said, as Leo agreed that he would take them back to the shelter for now. But before doing so, Leo asked for the other students to investigate the area. 
 Just as the students were about to head down the slope, Leo started to walk over to a strange object. A certain item was giving off energy, similar to that of a beast weapon. He had arrived by the wall of the mountain and picked up the cold solid object. 
 "Do you mind telling me what it looks like?" Leo asked Del who wouldn't leave his side. 
 "It appears to be some type of metal flask. Although it has some strange design on it. It looks like a beast's head with fangs. Maybe it's one of the items that the students dropped during the struggle." Del answered. 
 "I'm wondering, just what is so important that it needs to be kept in a special type of beast equipment." 
 Leo thought to himself. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For more MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 242 A place of darkness 
 The last thing Quinn could remember was Layla shouting out his name. Then, in a blink of an eye— they were swallowed whole. What came afterwards was darkness. His body was continuously being swirled around, throwing him off balance and it gave him not even a moment to balance himself nor use any of his abilities. 
 Everything was happening so quickly but during the whole process, he didn't feel any pain. Then when he had finally reached the bottom, Quinn felt his body continuously sinking. It felt like he had been dropped in a watery quagmire. He tried moving his hands using all the strength he could muster but it seemed to have no effect. If anything— it was making him sink quicker. 
 His legs were the first thing to pass through and as it did, he felt a free range of motion. They weren't hitting or placed against anything, but they felt like he was in mid-air kicking them backwards and forwards. Still, he was unable to feel anything. 
 'If the plant swallowed me and now, I'm falling down, doesn't that mean I'm falling into another part of the mountain, or underneath the planet?' Quinn thought. 
 The height of his fall worried him the most. His arms had now gone through the strange substance and now only the top of his head remained. Just like with his legs his hands were able to move freely. But now, he started worrying. 
 If Quinn was right, then once his head fell through his whole body would be falling. 
 He was strong and he had a sturdy body as a vampire, but what was he falling into? Lava, spikes? Or into a pit of beasts? His abilities couldn't possibly save him from that. 
 Quinn's mind madly spun as he thought about his next course of action. He activated his shadow ability and covered his body thinly. It seemed to have worked and slowed down the sinking process. 
 But this was a mere stopgap. Not a solution to the problem. But of course, this stopgap should give him enough time to think. 
 Suddenly, a voice reverberated out of nowhere. 
 "What the hell is this?!" A boy yelled as his voice echoed out. 
 "It can't be, is that Fex's voice?" Quinn thought. 
 The space was narrow, and if Fex was coming from above it meant that there was only one place where Fex could land. 
 Bang! 
 The force and Fex's weight struck Quinn's head and managed to push him through the last bit of strange substance. 
 As Quinn's body floated through the air, he thought back to how the last thing he ever saw might have just been Fex's backside knocking him down, as he fell to his death. 
 "That arse!" Quinn shouted. 
 When looking around him, even though he was in the dark, his pupils widened enough, letting in more light. He could see nearly just as well as outside. His guess seemed right and he was really falling from the ceiling. 
 The good news was there didn't seem to be anything below that would do much damage, the bad news was he was falling from about twenty meters in height and the ground was coming closer to him as the seconds went by. 
 All he could do was brace himself for impact, as he curled up into a ball. At the same time, a shield of shadow was created in front of him. The shadow was the first part to touch the ground and Quinn followed shortly. 
 It had worked. 
 The shadow had slowed down the momentum of his fall and Quinn went inside and fused with the shadow. 
 "You really are useful," Quinn said as he took the shadow away but in that moment. The speed had returned, and Quinn's body was slammed into the ground just as hard as he would have done if he hadn't used the shadow. 
 In his haste, Quinn had forgotten that the shadow didn't actually slow things down, but only slowed down the time while he was touching the shadow. Once he travelled through the shadow, or once it was taken away, the object would continue to travel at the speed it previously had before passing through the shadow or being one with it. 
 Covered in rubble from the walls of the cave, Quinn stood up and discovered that not a lot of damage was done to him. He felt sore in all sorts of places, but his body was sturdier than before. It also didn't seem like any of his bones had been broken from the fall. 
 Just then, he could see Fex falling through the sky nearly at the exact same spot. 
 "Quinn, catch me!" Fex shouted. 
 Still remembering how Fex had shoved him down under here. Quinn chose not to help. If the fall didn't kill him, it wouldn't kill Fex. 
 Fex looked around but the walls were too far away from him and there was nothing nearby to attach his strings to slow down the momentum of his fall. 
 Stepping to the side at the last moment, Quinn allowed Fex to land headfirst into the same spot as him. 
 Unlike Quinn, Fex immediately stood to his feet after crashing, rubbing the back of his neck. "You could have at least caught me man, what was that all about?" Fex continued to dust himself off and then looked around at where they were. 
 They seemed to be in a large cavern that was completely empty. There were several large holes or tunnels that seemed to lead to different paths. When looking above them, They could see the plant hanging from the ceiling that had swallowed them whole. 
 When Fex started to pat himself down he noticed something strange... 
 "Oh no, my Flask. It must have fallen out when that giant plant hit me!" Fex said angrily. 
 "Do you want the one you gave to me?" Quinn offered. After all, it was never his in the first place and he still had his blood bank to rely on. 
 "No, I can't," Fex replied. "I know I'm not big on rules and stuff but that was a gift and I can't take back gifts. Besides, my reliance on blood is a lot less than most people. It is already at that of a vampire Noble. Don't worry about me." 
 It was true that Fex never seemed to be as interested in blood as Quinn did. Even when a student would bleed slightly Quinn would get this tingling feeling all over his body and his eyes would naturally be drawn to the bloodied area— but Fex never felt the same way. 
 Quinn would keep it for now, and if Fex really needed it. Quinn would still be by his side anyway. 
 Over at different sections underneath the mountain, the others were experiencing the same thing that Fex and Quinn had gone through. Layla and Vorden were both being slowly sucked down, while their faces were pressed up against each other. 
 "You, this is all your fault for grabbing me!" Layla shouted. Vorden even felt some of the spit from her lips land on his face due to how close they were. 
 "Did your parents never teach you how to speak without spreading spittle everywhere? And you would have been eaten anyway, so don't blame me!" Vorden shouted back. 
 As the two fell from the plant into the large cave. Layla used her ability to slow her down from falling at a fast speed. Vorden also used the same ability and achieved the same result, so they managed to get down onto the floor safely. 
 They discovered that they were in a large cavern with several entrances, holes, and tunnels all around the cavern walls. However, there seemed to be no one else with them. 
 'Great looks like I'm stuck with a psycho. As if there could be a worse pairing then this." Layla thought. 
 In another section of the cavern, the last pairing was of Cia and Peter. The two of them fell through the strange substance at the same time and as they were falling through the air… 
 Cia noticed that Peter's expression didn't have any trace of fear. 
 "Does he have a plan on how to land safely? Otherwise, how could he be so calm." She felt like she had no choice but to grab on. A fall from this height could kill a student, and at best— it could still break a few bones. 
 Cia didn't have any beast gear on her, and her ability would do nothing to slow the descent. After grabbing onto the back of Peter. Cia held on tight. 
 As they got closer to the floor, she was waiting for him to reveal his ability. 
 She still had no idea what it was. The group had asked Peter to keep it that way while in front of the teachers. Students apart from those that knew Pio wouldn't know but teachers had files on every student. 
 "No, it can't be!" Cia thought, and a few seconds Later Peter crashed dead into the ground. 
 Cia was hurt but Peter managed to break most of her fall, but as she opened her eyes and looked at her comrade next to her— she could see that all of his limbs were mangled and broken. 
 **** 
 Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 243 Problem gone 
 (MASS release changes, please check authors note at the end of chapter.) 
 "What do we do now?" Layla asked. 
 The two students, Vorden and Layla, were now stuck together in the cavern. Around them multiple paths but with no way to tell which ones led up or down. Seeing this, Layla didn't really have an idea about what to do. 
 "Now you're speaking to me," Logan said. "I thought it was my fault that the two of us are done here, but when it comes to trying to find a way out suddenly, you come to me for help." 
 Layla stomped her foot, onto the ground and took a few steps away. She wanted to storm off and just head down one of the paths randomly. But after only taking a few steps, her hands started to shake, and her legs were slowly banging into each other. 
 The thought of seeing beasts like the ones they had seen so far being down here frightened her. When she was training at Pure, their main goal wasn't facing against beasts, but humans. As an agent, her tasks and training dealt with infiltration, sabotage and a plethora of other skills. 
 Of course, no amount of training could prepare a child for the real thing. Since coming to this school she had seen more death then she would have liked, and it was starting to take a toll on her body and mind, more so now that her friend she would often comfort in, had gone. 
 "Why are you still having a go at me." Layla snapped. 
 "I told you before, you're useless. You were useless before and even more so now. At least back then you were Quinn's blood bank, but right now I can fill that role. So honestly what use is there for you." 
 "Stop saying the same thing over and over again!" Layla was at breaking point and had enough. She no longer wanted to take this type of abuse from Vorden. Without thinking clearly, she lifted up a nearby rock and swung it towards Vorden. 
 It was an unexpected attack from Layla, so Vorden was late in his reactions and managed to dodge the small fist-size rock. Slightly the rock crazed his cheek. It caused a surface cut, revealing a trickle of blood. 
 However, the first attack didn't stop there. Layla continued to lift up the rocks around and swung them towards Vorden. As they were hurled towards him, Vorden did the same, repelling them away using the same ability but also making sure not to throw attacks back. 
 She continued forward, screaming at the top of her lungs, the sound echoed through the cavern. 
 "Wow!" Raten said, laughing. "It looks like you finally broke her, I mean I thought I was the cruel one. You really know how to annoy someone when you want to. At least I just give them a beating, but this Vorden. This is just pure evil." 
 Vorden knew Raten was just trying to annoy him by being sarcastic, the problem was it was working. Had Vorden really gone too far? At this point, he had been trying to split Layla and Quinn apart. Still, without saying too much directly to Layla, rather than it being for himself or Quinn, he was doing it for her. 
 ���What's that noise?" Sil said as he stood up from his usual crouched position. The screams from Layla seemed to be so loud that they had even reached Sil who would usually ignore most things. 
 However, Vorden was too distracted deflecting the projectiles coming towards him to give Sil a reply. As Sil started walking over towards the chair, Raten smiled and stepped to the side. 
 "Now this will be good to see." He said. 
 Sil placed his hand on Vorden's shoulder, who was in the chair. Now they both had access to what was going on outside. Sil could see and feel what Vorden was doing. 
 "It looks like you need some help, swap with me," Sil said. 
 "Sil, I can handle it," Vorden replied carefully. 
 "Swap with me.."Sil said, his grip tightening on Vorden's shoulder. Knowing that he had no choice Vorden reluctantly left the seat. 
 Back outside, four stones were now being directed towards Vorden's body. So far he had been taking a step back deflecting them as they came at him but suddenly. He stood there completely still. 
 As he raised his hands, all of the stones stopped mid-air for a moment. Then at the same time, the four stones were repelled away with even greater force. Layla could tell just from the sound they had made when hitting the walls around him. 
 "Why are you attacking me?" Sil asked. 
 Layla had noticed the sudden change in Vorden's attitude, she had even seen this happen a few times before. At the canteen, while they were fighting in the desert and now again. Her sudden attack's had stopped. 
 "If you are trying to hurt me, then you are against me," Sil said as he lifted both hands and used an incredible force to push Layla's body back. Right now, Sil was combining the MC points in Cia's level four ability along with Layla's level 2 ability. His telekinesis powers were that of a level 6. 
 There was no chance at Layla stopping the power. The next moment she was flung against the wall. The back of her head swung back into a piece of rock, and her vision quickly went to black as she passed out on the floor. 
 "The problem has been dealt with," Sil said with a smile. 
 In another part of the cavern, two more students seemed to be stuck together dealing with their own problems. Cia was taken aback at the sight of Peter's legs all mangled. They had utterly broken and it looked like part of the bone had splintered through parts of the skin. 
 She turned her head away, unable to look at the sight any longer. 
 "Stay here, I will go look for help," Cia said in a panic. 
 "You know, if you didn't hold onto me, the fall wouldn't have been as bad," Peter replied in a calm voice. 
 Cia found it strange that it seemed like Peter wasn't affected by this whole ordeal, but she couldn't bear to look at him. Instead, she started to look around the area to see if there was anything she could find. Just like the caverns, the others were stuck in. There were multiple holes and paths to choose from. Not knowing which way was out or would lead them to the surface. 
 Cia walked up to the entrances, which were a little away from where they had landed. She wanted to see if she could hear anything coming from down the tunnels. Perhaps some would be filled by beasts, but the others had also been swallowed, and just maybe they weren't too far from them. 
 She tilted her head, with her ear faced forward towards the entrance, seeing if she could hear the slightest sound. 
 "I think we should go this way." A voice said stood right behind her. Cia was startled, and out of instinct, she turned and threw her fist, hitting Peter right in the Jaw, before taking a few steps to the side. 
 It hadn't hurt Peter, but only slightly moved his head to the side but a small mark could also be seen across his cheek. 
 "Pio, but how? Your legs were all mangled just a few seconds ago." 
 "Apologize now!" Peter demanded. 
 "What for the punch?" Cia asked. "No way, how the hell is that my fault. You snuck up on me when I thought you couldn't move, in a dark and creepy cave with possible beasts. Anyone's reaction would have been the same." 
 "Still, should you not apologize if you hit someone? Or am I mistaken." Said, Peter. 
 "You're weird, why did I have to get stuck with you. I think you should be a bit nicer to me. After all, if we run into anything down here. Then we will be relying on my ability a lot more than yours." 
 Cia still didn't know Peter's ability, but she had a guess. His watch indicated he was a level four, and if he managed to recover from an injury like that, most likely his ability was a healing one or a regenerative one. The only thing she couldn't quite put her finger on was the healing speed. 
 She had never met a healer or seen a regenerative ability that could allow someone to recover that fast. They would be at level eight to do such a thing. Still, this meant it was clear his ability wasn't a combat one. While Cia's wasn't either. She was sure of her hand to hand combat skills over the frail and weak Pio. 
 As she took a step forward, hoping to head to the other side of the cave where the other entrances were. Peter suddenly blocked her path. 
 'Wasn't he at least five meters away, how did he get here so fast?' She thought. 
 "If you don't apologize to me and you are going to have a problem, a serious problem." 
 "Whatever!" Cia said as she tried to walk past Peter. 
 At this moment, she felt something grasp around her throat, when she looked down, she could see a hand, and it was linked to Pio. 
 "What...are..you doing.." Cia just managed to let out. 
 Just then, footsteps could be heard coming from one of the tunnels. It was unclear which one, as the echo made it hard to pinpoint the sound. 
 "Now Pio, I don't think we should be treating our fellow students like that, do you?" The short boy said as he took a bite from one of his favourite sandwiches. 
 **** 
 Want more chapters, then remember to vote using your stones to keep the number one rank! 
 For MVS artwork follow Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 244 Strange crystals 
 As the short haired boy entered the room, not only did Peter recognize him but it seemed like Cia did too. For some reason at the sight of the boy Peter's grip around Cia's neck had loosened. 
 At this moment she took the opportunity to try to knock Peter's hand away using her full force slamming it against Peter's forearm, but in doing so she realised it had the same effect as moving a rock that weighted a ton. There seemed to be no effect or movement. 
 "I think it will be best if you put her down Pio, annoying as she may be it might cause us more problems in the future." Logan said as he took a final bite of his sandwich. "Him that was the last one." 
 At that moment, Logan didn't look like his regular self. Apart from his head that was fully showing Logan had his full body suit on from the neck down. Due to him not knowing what he might meet down here he was always prepared for the worst. 
 Still, Logan's was quite popular around the school even if he didn't know it himself. The few appearances he made on the last outing and during the school's events every once in a while had really caught the attention of other students, this of course included Cia. 
 Although Cia was wondering what the connection between Logan and Pio was, right now she just wanted to get away from Pio. Using her ability she stabbed a spear into Peter's belly. Not just one but three. Due to how close she was to him she was able to stick in multiple spears one after the other. 
 After the first one had entered Peter's body his movements were slowed allowing her to put in two more. Once again, using all her force she tried to whack Peter's hand away. Still, it felt like she was pounding her hand against solid rock, but this time with the help of her ability weakening Peter. Her attack was a success and managed to knock his hand away and broke free. 
 Not knowing where to run to, she decided to head down one of the many tunnels. If another student had arrived and had no relation to the person named Pio. Then maybe she would have bolted towards Logan, but seeing that the two of them had some type of a relationship she didn't want to risk it. 
 The cave was dark and it was hard for her to see, but each of the tunnels gave off a little reflection of light. what she didn't know. 
 There was always the chance that the small amount of light could be radiating from a beast, or it could just be a raw crystal. Because of this, as Cia ran she needed to be carful about her footing. Not being able to see where or what she was taking steps into. It was a cave and they were deep underground. With the floors being uneven and travelling in the dark, Cis was being naturally cautious. 
 "This is a pain, i wish i bought some type of light with me or something!" Cia complained. The group did have emergency equipment and rations such as tourches and so on, but they were all kept with Peter. 
 Taking another step forward her foot seemed to be lodged between something. She quickly managed to pull it but it had greatly slowed her down. 
 "This is such a pian in the arse, whatever i have to deal with though he will to." Cia thought. 
 "Why did you chose to run." Logan said. "3...2….1." As logan finished counting down, peter was already directly in front of Cia. Somehow the difficult pathway that she had taken was easily navigated by him. 
 There was no touch in his hand, no light source. So just how did Peter manage to catch up with her so fast? 
 Peter, decided to wait until the spirit spears had disappeared before chasing Cia. Not only that, but just like Quinn. Peter also had the advantage of seeing in the dark. For him it was as if the cave was lit up so he had no problem deciding on the quickest path to take just when he found her he heard Logan Shouting "Pio!" 
 When Peter turned around he could see Logan holding his hand out. But on the end of his hand was a rounded and strange bright green light getting larger as the moment went on, It was Logan's hand blaster and Peter had seen what it could do before when it was fired against Fex. Someone who is stronger then both him and Quinn. 
 Perhaps, even his regeneration abilities wouldn't be able to keep up with this. 
 "You stop running will you." Logan complained while looking at cia. 
 While the blaster was held against Peter he decided to let the thing go. He wasn't stupid and could always find a way to get to Cia later. 
 "What are you doing down here?" Peter asked. 
 At this point, Cia was unsure of what to do, the entrance to another tunnel wasn't to far away, but it seemed like Logan was able to control Peter just like Quinn could somehow. She still didn't understand how Peter managed to catch up to her so fast, so her only option was to stay by Logan's side. 
 She scuttled along around the side until she was eventually behind Logan. Logan then tapped something on the side of his suit, which brightened up the area around him with green lights. The pieces on Logan's equipment were illuminating a small 5 meter radius around them. 
 "I adjusted the scanner the school gave us to increase its radius. I had to power it with my own beast crystals and don't get any points for doing that but to me it was well worth it." Said Logan. "That's when i discovered that there seemed to be strange tunnels underground but they didn't quite look natural so i decided to investigate. I never thought anyone else would be down here. So it was a nice surprise to see you." 
 "Do you know the way out?" cia asked. Realising form what Logan said he should have a wide area mapped out using his scanner. 
 "No." Logan replied. Although this was a lie. If he had told the truth he knew they would ask to lead him out of here, but Logan had discovered something on his scanner that he had to check out before leaving. 
 Somewhere inside the large cave Fex and Quinn had decided to walk down one of the tunnels. While inside the tunnel the connection between Peter seemed to be lost. It had happened ever since he went underground. 
 Quinn thought that it might have something to do with the distance between the two at the moment, as he didn't know that Peter and the others were underground as well. 
 Thinking that help would never arrive, they decided to just leave it up to fate and pick the tunnel with the biggest entrance. As they walked down the tunnel they noticed that the walls were surrounded with thin blue crystals that gave off a slight glow to them. Not enough to light up the whole area, but one could follow the small light source quite easily. 
 "What are these?" Quinn asked, looking at the small crystals. They resembles something similar to beast crystals, but Quinn thought the only way to obtain beast crystals was form killing a beast. 
 "I really don't know." fex replied. "I was going to ask you the same thing." 
 The curiosity had gotten the better of him and Quinn decided to place his hand on top of the crystal. At first he was planning to use his inspect skill but there was no need for the system had automatically given him a message. 
 [Basic tier crystal] 
 [Would you like to store in your system?] 
 The shock from the message was quite immense. At school they had been taught that the beast crystals could only be obtained from beasts. This was why the human race had been sending hunting parties to slay the beasts. Even though there was the chance of death. 
 There's crystals could be used to create powerful weapons and even power their modern equipment. 
 But right here, crystals were just forming on the wall around him, and it wasn't just one crystal. There seemed to be hundreds of crystals, through the tunnel they had just walked. If Quinn was to think about all the other tunnels as well there would at least be thousands down here. 
 With Fex keeping an eye over his back, Quinn was unable to store it in his system however he did pull the crystal out and placed it in his trouser pocket for later. 
 "It might be something important." Quinn said. 
 Fex just shrugged his shoulders uninterested by the small crystal and carried on walking ahead. FInally they had reached the end of the tunnel. 
 When exiting the tunnel the small discovery that Quinn had just made before seemed to be nothing compared to this. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters. Then remember to vote using your stones! The Stone goals is listed in the author's notes below. 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 245 Dalki or Vampires 
 The two boys froze for a moment once they exited from the tunnel. Looking at what lay in front of their eyes, they paused for a moment. Somehow it didn't feel like they were actually really underground. 
 "Hey, can you see what I'm seeing right now, man?" Fex asked. 
 "If you're talking about those buildings right in front of us, then of course I can." Quinn replied 
 Exiting from the tunnel, it seemed like they'd arrived at what looked like a type of town. It was impossible for them to measure how large the entire place was. Buildings stretched out far and wide and it was comparably as large as any one of the shelters they've seen before. 
 If they were to give a rough estimate, it looked like a few thousand people used to live in such an establishment. 
 The ceiling seemed to be unreachable. Although they could see the peak, it felt like there was no way to reach it. Their gaze moved on towards the tallest building that stood in the centre of the place. It was a round tower like structure that was tall and high, but it hardly touched the ceiling. If one wished to even touch the ceiling, they would have to build a similar size building and place it on top of the already existing tower. 
 Although a town underneath a mountain and town was surprising to them both it didn't seem impossible. There were rumors of such shelters being built on other planets where the temperatures could reach extreme levels at different times of year, underground shelters were the only answer to such uninhabitable places. 
 And so the reason why both of them were shocked was for a different reason entirely. The two of them could already observe that the design and materials used to create the buildings were different. One of the main features was the solid black material that it was made from. Instead of brick, cement or metal it was a different kind, a special black substance that was more stable and stronger was the primary material of all the buildings. 
 The substance was said to be just as strong as galthreium. Although the place looked abandoned and was void of people, the buildings were a different matter. The structures themselves looked perfectly fine and hadn't deteriorated a single bit. The only semblance of passage of time of abandonment was a layer of dust or rock like substance from the ceiling that coated the top of everything. 
 And finally the design. Although the substance was strong it wasn't as flexible and nimble as glathrium. This meant that the edges weren't smoothed out giving everything that was made a slight rocky look. 
 After looking at the buildings the two of them had both come to the conclusion that the structures built in front of them were not made by humans. This was the true reason why both of them were in shock. 
 "They're Dalki structures," Quinn muttered. 
 This was a huge discovery. The humans had only built a shelter and classified the place as an orange portal due to them thinking they had discovered the planet first. There were rare cases like this when the two opposition were trying to take control of a planet at the same time. 
 If the two groups were to meet, regardless if there was a treaty signed or not, a fight would break out until one side was completely annihilated. 
 As Fex heard these words come out from Quinn's mouth though, there was confusion on his face. 
 "Er, what are you on about?" Fex replied. "These aren't Dalki structures. There vampire structures." 
 Hearing these words equally shocked Quinn again. He was almost positive these were Dalki structures. He had seen them in his lessons and on the news time and time again. 
 "The boy is right." the system replied. "These resemble the structures that were built in my time." 
 The system didn't really answer any of the questions Quinn had right now and only confused him even more. 
 "Fex, have you ever seen Dalki structures?" Quinn asked. There was one possibilty Quinn thought. Perhaps the two structures were similar and Quinn himself was being confused. Maybe there was something that he couldn't spot. 
 "Actually no, I'll be honest, maybe you know more about the Dalki because you live on earth but we don't even really get taught about them. I've never seen a Dalki either, only heard them being mentioned form time to time by one of the elders." 
 From Fex's answer there seemed to be a couple of possibilities. The fact that the Dalki and vampires use the same material, perhaps their technologies are on par with each other and it would make sense why their structures looked similar. 
 The strange black substance, the humans were never able to figure out just how to use it properly, so they stuck to using Glathreium over it. 
 The other possibility was somehow the Dalki and vampires were linked together, but this seemed even more farfetched, especially since Fex didn't even really know what a Dalki was. 
 "Well, do you know why the vampire and Dalki structures look so similar?" Quinn asked, hoping to find an answer. "Also, if it is a vampire structure why did they build one here underground?" 
 "They do? Well, that's strange. I'll be honest I'm not the best person to ask. When it comes to vampires I'm really young. I'm sure the elders or others will know the answer to your question or maybe even a better student, I never paid attention in class." Fex said laughing nervously. 
 "For your second question i really don't know either, it looks like this place has been here a while, maybe it was one of the planets the vampires used before, moving to another. It would make sense why it was built underground in the first place as well." 
 "What about you, system, did the Dalki exist during your time?" Quinn asked in his head. 
 "The Dalki did not exist while I was still active." the system replied. 
 Quinn made a small note in his head about how the system replied. It seemed the choice of words it had used was oddly specific but he knew if he pressed further, the system would just give his usual resistance. 
 "There is one thing we can do?" Quinn said. "Why don't we check out some of the buildings, maybe there will be something inside which will tell us if it was the Dalki's who made this or the Vampires. I'm especially interested to see what they would have in that tower structure." 
 "Hey, it looks like you read my mind." Fex replied with a chuckle. 
 The two of them started to walk through the strange building structures, and the more they started to walk the more it looked like a town to the both of them. There were streets with buildings lined up on both sides. If you followed the streets far enough it would eventually lead them to one of the tunnels they had come through. 
 When looking around at the walls, it looked like there were several tunnels that lead to the town. 
 The two of them had entered some of the first few houses, but they seemed to be void on any items whatsoever. There weren't even beds inside, but it was clear they were normal family structures. 
 As Quinn entered the place he could imagine a family living here, with all the different rooms, but while looking at the place he just wondered what happened here. 
 They entered a few more buildings on their way but still there seemed to find nothing. Eventually they decided to no longer enter the small buildings as it seemed to be a waste of time. If they were going to find anything, it would be in the tower structure near the middle. 
 For the first time, as they got closer to the tower, it looked like some of the buildings had been destroyed. As if they had taken part in a battle. The top of them had crumbled to the ground and some structures no longer existed. 
 Seeing this caused Fex to worry a little. He knew how tough the material was and if something was able to destroy that they needed to have some level of strength. 
 They continued to walk down the street. They still had some distance to go, but the tower could be seen directly in front of them. 
 Just then, the sound of growling could be heard coming from the sides. 
 "Where is that sound coming from?" Quinn said. 
 They could both hear the growling clearly but it seemed like they were several of them and if he was right they were currently surrounded. 
 "I guess it's time to call on some extra help." Fex touched his ear and pulled on his dangling earring. Suddenly in the palm of his hand the earring started to glow until eventually, it started to change its shape forming what looked like a cross between a bull and bat. 
 "Ham here at your service!" the bull said excitedly as it flew in a circle. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For more MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 246 Grinding time 
 It had been a while since Fex had last used Ham and he was starting to miss his little companion. Ham was able to be seen by anybody, he didn't have any special skills that allowed him to turn invisible or hide his presence, but he was able to transform. 
 If the students saw a flying bull-like creature, it would have immediately caused alarm bells to ring, and there would be a hunt for a beast inside of school. 
 This was why Fex had also kept him hidden as an earring, but right now they were underground, it was unlikely any other students would be down here, and even if they were, it wouldn't be so strange to see a beast flying around on a beast planet. All Fex would have to do was pretend he didn't know his companion and later meet up with him again. 
 "Finally, finally, I get to spread my wings about!" Ham cheered. 
 Quinn had so many questions he wanted to ask Fex right now. He was curious about the little beast and wondered if it had been with Fex the whole time, what it could do, and if every vampire was able to get some type of companion. 
 The problem was Quinn was unable to tell what was the norm with vampires and what wasn't. He could ask the system, but it wasn't the right time. 
 "Can you sense what's around us?" Fex asked. 
 Ham closed its eyes, allowing it to concentrate. "I think some beasts are surrounding us," Ham replied. 
 "We know that!" Fex shouted. "We wanted to know how many and how strong. If you aren't going to help, then you were better off on my ear as a fashion accessory." 
 Ham responded to the complaints by pulling out its fairly large and fat tongue. 
 "This place is disturbing the flow of my powers." Ham then started to look around at where they were. "Wait are we back home?" 
 "You really are usless," Fex said. While in the earring, Ham was able to see everything that was going on outside. As long as he was paying attention and him saying this made it clear that he wasn't. 
 While the two of them were busy arguing, the creatures that were busy growling away at them, from the dark and behind the crumbled buildings had revealed themselves. 
 The two boys were completely surrounded by what looked like strange dog-like creatures. There were more than twenty and possibly, even more, in hiding. 
 The dogs had no fur but displayed a slight tint of red on thier skin. Thier tounges were left out hanging wide from their mouth dangling. A bit longer than regular dogs and a little pointed. 
 However, the thing that looked creepy about them most was the fact that the dogs had no eyes. The long tongue with thier teeth showing, but nothing, where their eyes were meant to be, was quite the frightening site. 
 [Inspect] 
 Although Ham was unable to give them the information they wanted, the same couldn't be said for Quinn. 
 [Basic tier beast - Furry hound] 
 [A beast who is blind but has senstive hearing. It is able to locate its enemies position even with the quietest of footsteps. It will often use its long tongue for attacks. The tongue is stronger than most.] 
 Seeing this information put a smile on Quinn's face. If it was an intermediate tier beast or higher, Quinn didn't know what to do. Now he only had one thought on his mind. 
 'It's grinding time.' 
 Now unafraid of the beasts, Quinn wanted to get a kill in before Fex, just in case, no one had killed the beast before. Immediately, Quinn lifted his leg, ready to perform the crescent roundhouse blood kick. 
 "Wait, Quinn, we don't know how strong they are yet, it might be best if we just run!" Fex shouted out, but it was too late. 
 Quinn had finished his motion, and the attack had already left his leg. The distance between him and the beast wasn't great but Quinn chose to use the blood kick to try to finish the beast in one strike. 
 Hearing the attack through the air, the dog prepared to jump away but it was too slow and as it turned its body was sliced in half. 
 [10 exp gained] 
 [Fisrt time killing beast (Furry hound) 100 bonus exp gained] 
 [2640/3200 exp] 
 Quinn had recived the bonus points for killing a new creature, but he did not obtain any more bonus points. It was expected since the beast was in some type of establishment. They likely had contact with something else that had killed it before. 
 When thinking about this, he felt lucky that he even got the first kill bonus on the rock beast above ground. 
 Seeing how easy Quinn dealt with the beast, Fex decided to step it up a gear as well. "Ham above!" Fex shouted and immediately, Ham flew up in the sky. Fex then lept in the air and attached one of his strings to the ring around Ham's nose. 
 As Ham rose up into the air, so did Fex, and now he could see the hounds in the area form below. 
 "Have you gained some weight, you haven't just been pigging out have you?" Ham complained as he struggled to lift the young master. 
 "Shut up, you've just gotten weaker." From above, Fex was easily able to see his targets. As he detached himself and started swirling down, he precisely knew where to throw out his pieces of strings. 
 "Hardern" As the strings fell a power surging through him left his body and was inserted into the strings, now making them just as hard and sharp as a sword. 
 When Fex landed, the strings went down with him slicing the hounds to pieces. 
 Five of the hounds were killed in an instant. 
 Quinn continued to battle it out with hounds, while doing so he was cautious about using his blood abilities. They were underground, and there was no telling when they would get out of here. 
 He didn't want a similar situation happening like last time. So instead, Quinn stuck to the basics, attacking with both the basic vampire and human martial arts. His stats that had been inputted into strength and his intermediate tier equipment was enough to allow him to easily deal with the beasts. 
 One of the dog's swung its head out, wrapping its tongue around Quinn's gauntlet. It tried to pull using its strength, but when Quinn didn't move an inch, the dog looked slightly confused. 
 Then, he pulled his arm with all his might, and the dog's tongue was completely dislodged from its mouth. The site looked cruel, but they had been the first ones to attack. 
 Finally, all the hounds in the area had been defeated. Fex had defeated 15 of them, while Quinn 8. There seemed to be more, but after seeing many of there own kind defeated, they quickly rushed off. 
 When comparing the two numbers, Quinn could tell that he still wasn't quite at Fex level, but with improvements in his shadow ability and others, he could tell he wasn't far off. 
 [2720/3200 exp] 
 After defeating the dogs, Quinn decided to collect the crystals. Fex didn't look too bothered. Basic tier crystals weren't worth his time, but Quinn still thought they might come in handy when creating a weapon from the system. 
 "Boss, you're not planning to head to that tower are you?" Ham said as it flew up in the air. With its little hoof, it started to rub its nose. When Pulling Fex up using the ring, it had made his nose a little sore. 
 "Yeah, we wanted to find out a few things, maybe there's a map or something telling us the way out of here. Why what's wrong?" Fex said. 
 "I think there might be danger there," Ham replied. 
 "I thought you said you can't sense anything down here?" Fex asked, annoyed. 
 "I can't, but something in my gut is telling me." 
 While Ham and Fex were busy talking, a notification screen appeared directly in front of Quinn. 
 [5 exp shared] 
 It was a message that he had never recived before, and he found it strange that it came up while he had done nothing. When reading the message carefully, it made Quinn think back to what the system had mentioned. 
 Quinn would gain exp, as long as Peter had killed something and was nearby. 
 **** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVs artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 247 Blast away! 
 Without thinking about it, Peter and Cia naturally both started to follow Logan around while they were inside the cavern. It felt normal to be led by him. Cia didn't know why, maybe it was his tone of his voice that shined with confidence or perhaps because he was the only light source that she could depend on. In a way her savior in more ways the one while down here. 
 She also still had the fear that if she left Logan's side, that Pio might lash out at her any second now. She hadn't done much, but there had already been several instances where she had angered him. At first she didn't think it would be a big deal. Even though her ability was a support type, she was able to handle her own many times against those around a similar level to her but something about Pio caused fear in her. 
 With all this going on, she as now even too afraid to ask for the torches that were placed in Pio's bag. She though once he brought them out for himself she could ask, but he never did. 
 Logan continued to walk confidently, leading the way, he knew exactly where he wanted to go as he picked one of the tunnels without checking the others. When coming down here, for whatever reason the scanner seemed to stop working, but using his trusty memory, he knew where he wanted to go. 
 It wasn't a hard decision for him anyway. All of the tunnels on one side, would lead to other rooms like this one, while all the other tunnels all led to the same place. 
 He continued to wear the suit, and he even had it protecting his head this time while walking through the tunnel. 
 While traveling, their group also discovered the same type of blue crystals that had been embedded into the wall. Naturally, Logan decided to take one for research but he already had an idea of what it was just by looking at it. 
 Peter didn't really care for it, and Cia, although interested, had a lot more concerns on her mind right now. 
 After exiting the tunnel, they too had could see the magnificent sight of the strange town and although it came as a surprise to the other two, Logan had already expected this. It was exactly what had come up on the scanner. Before even thinking about going up and getting out of here, he needed to visit this place. How could he pass the opportunity to do some research on some Dalki architecture. 
 The blue crystal seemed to be randomly scattered through the city. Lighting up certain building and wall areas. It wasn't enough to be called a light source, but allowed Cia just to see the outline of a few buildings. 
 The one place that could be seen the clearest, was the tower that stood in the center. Like a beaming torch in the middle. It had the most amount of crystal on the very top illuminating it in the dark. 
 "No, no, no doesn't this mean the Dalki were here before us?" Cia looked like she was about to collapse onto the floor. "We need help, we need to call the sergeants somehow, this looks like a whole town. What if this is an army base!!" 
 "Relax." Logan replied. "Although my scanner doesn't work down here, when I checked from above, their didn't seem to be any type of civilization living here. Although their were other things." 
 Cia wanted to question what Logan meant by other things, but she already knew the answer and thought it would just be foolish. He was talking about beasts. 
 Without saying anything to the others, Logan started to walk down the path onto the street. Peter also decided to follow without saying anything. The two of them walked in the middle of the street fearlessly. 
 While looking at their backs, Cia couldn't help but think they were crazy. However, as Logan walked away so did the light source that was surrounding her. The darkness around started to creep in, it felt almost suffocating and she couldn't help but think something was watching her. 
 *Grrrrr.... 
 'What was that!' Cia thought as she quickly turned her head towards the noise. Although she couldn't see anything, the sound of something scurrying off in a certain direction could be heard. 
 She couldn't take it anymore, and she too ran towards Logan and continued to move forward. 
 After checking a few buildings, Logan had come to the conclusion that there was nothing of worth from the buildings around him. However, when using his scanner from above he was able to see all of the building structures and things around it, but the he was unable to see what was inside the tower. 
 This of course, just made Logan even more curious. As they got closer to the tower Logan transformed his robotic arms into two round blasters. 
 "What was that? Did you see something?" Cia asked. 
 "When scanning this area earlier I found that the beasts seemed to be concatenated around the tower. Strange right? Low level beasts don't usually have a form of high intelligence, they hunt sleep and eat. Sometimes they do this in packs and might have a type of territory, but this seems oddly specific. 
 In a place as large as this, and with many beasts, usually they would be several territories and maybe several packs. So why are they all centered around the tower? As if they were guarding it, or gathering around it for some reason." 
 Cia had disregarded most of what Logan had said, the only thing she had heard was they were heading to an area were beasts seemed to be and she was wondering if she had made the right decision to follow the two in the first place. 
 As they continued to walk down the street, suddenly, Peter took of running straight off to the side into one of the buildings. This sudden movement was even a surprise for Logan for he had yet to see anything. 
 He had gone into the darkness and the others were unable to see him. Logan did have night vision equipment build into his helmet to help him see, but it was grainy and didn't allow him to see far ahead. 
 A few moments later and Peter returned holding what looked like a dog in his hand. Black blood splattered over him and the dog being carried lifeless. 
 "They've been following us." Peter said. "And more are coming.' 
 It didn't take long after Peter's warning, because Logan and even Cia could now see several dog's in view. 
 Without hesitation, both Logan and Cia started to attack the dogs. She threw out spears, slowing the ones jumping towards her and leaping out of the way. While Logan was able to fire out beams of energy that knocked the dog's away finishing them in one blast. 
 Logan's blasters were effective when it came to basic tier beasts, but things at a much higher level or the Dalki they would pretty much be non effective.. The suit itself was made form beast gear mixed in with technological parts. His blasters and the energy coming out from them were not made from beast gear. 
 It had the same effect as explosions of the past. The problem was the Dalki and higher tier beast had a resistance to this. Seeing that they were lower tiered beasts, Logan didn't hold back blasting his beams of energy at each and every one of them. 
 Soon they realized, there wasn't much for Peter and Cia to do. Peter had manged to defeat a couple more, but Logan would blast most of them away before they even got close. 
 Eventually, the beasts stopped leaping through the air, and Logan stopped using his blasters. There was a limited supply of energy and if they stopped attacking then Logan would do the same. 
 However, something strange was occurring. They had manged to kill around thirty different dogs in total. Both Peter and Logan could see that there was still plenty around them. Still, they didn't run away but stood there at the edge of the street next to the buildings, growling. 
 "Why aren't they attacking?" Cia asked. 
 "That is something I would like to know the answer to as well." Logan replied. 
 On closer inspection, it seemed like the dogs were no longer looking at them, instead they were facing the the street, looking out towards the tower in front of them. 
 "There shaking." Peter said. "The beasts, I can tell they're scared." 
 From the street, the sounds of footsteps could be heard. Whatever was coming towards them was frightening the beasts even more. Because with each footstep, it looked like the beasts were pulling back slightly. 
 Even Logan, a level 8 user who was defeating each of the beasts in one go didn't have the same effect. 
 Finally the figure was starting to come into view. From out of the shadow a dark outline could be seen, It had a human outline shape but it was still hard to make out. Still, Logan was sure on one thins, it was clear it wasn't human... it was a beast. 
 For the first time during the drip, Logan started to sweat heavily in his suit. If a beast had a humanoid figure it meant one thing. The opponent they were about to face, was at least at the king tier. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using your stones. The stone goals are in the author's note below. 
 For more MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 248 Calming song 
 After collecting the beast crystals from the defeated hounds, Quinn had suddenly recived the message about obtaining exp. He had figured out that the exp he just gained must have been from Peter. 
 It was the only thing that made sense, and would also explain why the system had used the word "Share". This meant one thing. That Peter was close. He didn't know how or why Peter was down here as well, but if he had to guess Peter probably chose to come down here to follow him. 
 It was strange though, even though the system was able to pick up the exp points from Peter. Quinn was still unable to sense Peter's presence like he could when he was above ground. 
 "What's wrong?" Fex asked as he could see it looked like Quinn was deep in thought. 
 Quinn wanted to go searching for Peter. He didn't know how far away he needed to be for the system to pick up the exp, but the fact that he even got experience points in the first place, meant right now he was fighting other beasts. 
 "I think I might have spotted a strange looking building over in that direction." Said Quinn. "Do you mind if we check it out first before going to the tower?" 
 Fex shrugged his shoulders and replied. "Hey, it's not like we know how to get out of this place anyway." 
 Both of thier eyesights were as good as each other. Nearly all vampires could see as well. The only thing that improved as they grew stronger where thier senses. Perhaps a stronger vampire would be able to sense energy in a specific direction, but in terms of how far or well they could see in the dark, it was near all the same. 
 When looking in the direction that Quinn had pointed to, Fex could see nothing that looked out of the ordinary. Still, Fex he was curious why the sudden change in direction. 
 As they were closer to the tower, the area around it wasn't as wide. If Quinn was to go in a circle, perhaps he would be able to spot them. Without his senses, there was no way to tell which direction to go in. As Quinn was thinking about it, another message appeared. 
 [5 exp shared] 
 The message just confirmed that Peter was still in combat. Peter was strong, but if he was surrounded by multiple basic tier beasts like they were just moments ago, he wouldn't get out of it unscratched. Even with his super healing. It would mean he would eventually have to consume human flesh once again. So Quinn picked a random direction and headed off. 
 ***** 
 Slowly, Layla's eyes started to open, her vision was blurry at first but what stood out to her was the pain on the back of her head. She instinctively placed her hand, and the stinging was worse. When looking at her hand, dried particles of blood had rubbed off onto it. It was hard to see in the dark, but she knew from the feeling. 
 "Are you okay?" Vorden asked. 
 As she looked up, her vision had returned, and she could see the person who had done put her in this situation, standing right next to her. 
 "Get away from me!" Layla said in a panic. She pushed her feat of the floor against her, and once again, her head had banged into the wall. 
 Vorden did as asked and slowly backed away, seeing that she was panicked. She had already been hurt, and Vorden didn't want to cause any more pain. 
 "Calm down, I'm not going to hurt you," Vorden said. 
 The sound of sobbing could be heard, Layla had planted her head between her knees and let out all the emotions away. "Why are you only like this to me?" She cried. 
 Seeing Layla like this, Vorden felt ache and pain in his heart. He never wanted her to get hurt. 
 "I'm...Sorry." Vorden said. 
 The sobbing started to stop, and Layla began to get a grip on her emotions. It seemed like Vorden was back to his usual self. The air around him that she noticed in the past was no longer there. But she knew it could flick like a switch. It was as if he was bipolar. 
 Seeing that Vorden was okay now, and not wanting to step on his toes, she thought maybe she could find out the reason. It wasn't normal to be like this, and at the Pure base, she had seen cases similar to him. 
 It was going to be hard for her. Her hands couldn't stop trembling, as someone far more powerful then she stood right in front of her. A wrong move or a word could end her life, and she really felt like it. 
 "Vorden are you okay, sometimes it seems like, you suddenly change. I want to belive you when you say you don't mean to hurt me. But when I end up like this." As Layla spoke, her voice was shaky, she tried her best to hide it, but Vorden could feel the fear. 
 Lately, the changes happening to Vorden had become more frequent. In the past, he remained in control most of the time, but thier were plenty of times recently where he needed to rely on the others for help. 
 And now for the first time in a while, Sil was actively asking for a seat. As these changes happened, it was expected that people would start to notice. The worst thought in his mind was the possibility of one of the others taking control of the seat. 
 They didn't have the social skills that Vorden possessed to keep up his image. If they took over, he wouldn't know what to do. 
 "When I first met Quinn, I knew he was different," Vorden replied. "Perhaps, for the same reasons you were attracted to him, I was too. He was plain, a level one user, but had this look in his eyes that said he still had fight in him, not like the others. Of course, at the time, I didn't know he was a vampire. 
 "In my old school, there were quite a few Quinn's. They were the same, they still had hope, still had fight in them, but eventually, they were broken down and beaten, submitted to the system just like everyone else. It was rare to see someone make it into military school without already being broken. You could even see it with Peter. 
 "I was sick of it, sick of everything and decided if I could at least save one person, it would be enough for me. Maybe I could show Quinn that even as a level one user, not everyone treated you the same, and you could make it through in the world. Then I got wrapped up in all this vampire business." 
 It was a good explanation, and Layla could tell thier was some truth behind Vorden's words, but she could also tell that he was missing out some key points and details. The question was, why though? 
 "What does that have to do with me though, can't we both get along with Quinn?" Layla asked. "Are you jealous or something." 
 "Not me..." Vorden mumbled, too quiet for Layla to here. 
 "I haven't exactly had the best of experiences since coming here," Vorden replied. "I was tied up and beaten by the second years, shoved to a red portal planet, and now stuck down here. I think it's normal to be a bit unstable after what we have been through." 
 As Vorden finished what he was saying, he took a step forward. Layla reacted by shuffling her Knees closer towards herself, curling into a ball. The sight of this reminded him of Sil, and in a sweet calming voice, he did what he usually did without thinking about it... Vorden started to sing. 
 "It will be okay, I will make your worries go away...I am by your side... I will always be kind." As she listened to the soft angelic voice, without realising it, Vorden was already next to her once again. 
 Her hands had stopped trembling. "What was that?" She asked. "An ability?" 
 Vorden started to laugh. "It was a song my mother used to sing to me to calm me down." 
 He gently lifted his hand and touched her head, bringing it down and closer towards his chest. All his movements were so soft as he inspected the wound. It was a side of Vorden she had never seen before. 
 "I like this Vorden." Layla said. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 249 Buy me time 
 This was the first time that Logan had ever felt panic. Due to him having night vision in his helmet he was wearing, he was able to see the beast before it came into view. Peter could as well but was unaware of the magnitude of horror they were about the face. 
 Perhaps Peter didn't study as well at school and thought it was just a regular beast, or when he had evolved everything about him changed. Right now it didn't look like he could feel fear like the others. 
 Beasts were separated into different tiers. The tiers were based on the crystals that were embedded in their body. The more powerful the crystal, the higher the tier of the beast. This, however, didn't always mean they were stronger. 
 Depending on the beast's structure or abilities, sometimes in rare cases, there were those that were more difficult to deal with. This was unlikely the case because a higher tier beast would be able to draw more power from the crystal. 
 Basic tier, intermediate tier, Advanced tier and right now, they were about to face something that was at least at king tier level. There were level's above this, including the highest level ever given, Demon tier. 
 Throughout history, whenever a beast that had a humanoid shape was discovered, they would at least be at the king tier level or above. There were still beasts that were at this level that didn't have a humanoid shape, but a humanoid type beast has never been lower than a king tier. 
 Knowing that he would need everyone's help. Logan immediately changed one of his blasters' shapes slightly allowing it to be more narrow. The armour shifted at a fantastic speed, and when it had finished transforming, Logan quickly fired three blasts into the buildings around them. 
 The shots weren't energy blasts like before. Instead, these were sticky light balls. They allowed a considerable amount of light to be shown and would easily stick onto whatever object they hit. 
 There were two reasons for Logan doing this, one was to allow them to see their opponent more easily. If a creature came from the dark, their eyes and senses should be adjusted to the environment down here. 
 He needed to even the playing field, and it would also allow Cia to help them. The second reason was related to the first. 
 The sticky lights had been shot in a triangle formation around them. One to the left, one to the right, and one slightly behind where the King tier beast was standing. This lit up the entire street. 
 Although the dogs couldn't see the strange light, they could feel it and were frightened away. What Logan had also hoped for was that the light source would hurt, or blind the king tier beast's sensitive eyes but it seemed to have no effect, as it continued to walk forward. 
 "What is that thing?" Cia said, trembling. Now that there was a light source, Cia could see what Logan could see, and she knew straight away the danger of the beast. "Should we run?" She asked, looking for an answer from Logan who seemed to be the only one acting. 
 "Run, there's no point running, the moment we turn our back, we will die," Peter said. 
 Hearing this Logan realised Peter was perhaps more aware of the situation then he had thought. He just knew there was nothing they could do. 
 The beast slowly continued to walk towards the group, and by now all of the dogs in the area had already scurried away. Now not only could the beast outer shape be seen, but all of its details were in view. 
 Although it had an outer human shape, it was a bit on the larger end, it stood around eight feet tall. Its body was twisted and strange as if it was made of mud and rocks and at the top where it heads should be. The muscle structure of the creature was outlined with plant roots. While the rest just looked like a mound of mud. What was frightening about it though, was in the upper mound part of its body. Several human skeletons could be seen half sunken into ints body and half sticking out. A skull, a rib cage and other parts as well. 
 It was as if the beast had been made from all the parts around it. Finally, on its too-long arms, there were no fingers as such. Instead, they were long and sharp like a blade. From the forearm downward, it looked like the mud tree-like material changed into a harder substance. The blades shined green in colour like a hard jade. 
 "Cia, Pio!" Logan shouted. "Buy me some time." Logan was unprepared to meet something like this down here. He thought that if the school was prepared to send some students to an orange portal planet. 
 They would have at least sent them to one, where only at most the advanced tier level beasts had been reported to be seen. 
 There was no point attacking the beast with his current blasters; it would do nothing. What Logan needed to do was get his most powerful weapon and suit on, but it would take some time. His suit started to break down into the little spiders. They were eventually all scattered on the floor. From the ground up, they started to rebuild a different type of suit right in front of him. 
 "Come on faster you guys," Logan said. "I know you usually do your best, but right now I need you more than ever." 
 The unconfirmed king tier beast continued to slowly walk as if it was a king taking a stroll through its own kingdom. Peter could see Logan's spiders building something, and knew their best chance of survival right now was relying on him. 
 If they wanted to live, They needed to do what was asked of them. Cia could see Peter was about to move forward and shouted. 
 "No, wait! The thing still hasn't attacked us yet. Maybe if we don't attack it, it will just continue walking past us." 
 Peter took a look at the beast, it had now stopped walking forward and stood in the middle of the street. It placed one of its bladed hands in front of the other and scraped them against each other. A slight screeching sound could be heard as the beast continued to do this process. 
 "No,' Peter said. "It already considers us intruders. It will continue to attack us until we're gone. I can tell." With those words said, Peter threw his bag on his back to the ground and dashed forward. 
 It was at an incredible speed that Peter had not displayed until this point, and it was even a surprise to him. This was because Quinn had gotten stronger, and in return. Peter's own stats had increased. 
 Usually, Peter would do his best to hide his abilities. The speed he was running at right now was not possible for a human who wasn't wearing any beast gear or didn't have any ability. But it wasn't the time to hide their powers, it was a matter of life and death. 
 Although Cia was frightened, she wasn't stupid. She too got into position, Dashing towards one of the sides of the building. While doing so, she threw out her spirit spears. 
 "Please hit!" She prayed. If the beast was indeed a king tier, then there wasn't much chance that her spears would be able to hit her target. 
 However, the beast continued to stand there and allowed the spears to be lodged into its upper part of its body. 
 "Is it going easy on us?" She thought. At the same time, she wondered what Peter was planning to do. He held no beast weapons and only had his regenerative ability, he would be killed in a matter of moments. 
 When Peter was in range, the beast swung down its blade hand. Using all his strength, Peter swung both his fists together like a tennis racket. 
 "This is it," Cia said. "No human has the strength to match a beast with their bare hands." 
 As the hands met with the side of the blade, the power was surprisingly equal, the blades were knocked away, but Peter hadn't budged. 
 "What is going on, who is this person!" Cia said, surprised. 
 The beast was confused itself. When fighting it would purposely match its strength based on the opponent in front of it. It was sure it had gauged Peter well. What it didn't account for, was the spirit spears in its body. 
 Making the adjustment in its power, it swung it's blade faster and stronger with its other hand. Peter was unable to do anything. All he could see now was the dark black ceiling above. 
 Peter's legs had been cleanly cut off. 
 **** 
 Want more chapters, then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 250 Heroes arrive at the last second 
 The fear in Cia's heart only grew even more, as for a moment she felt like she had tricked herself. When she saw how Pio was somehow able to match the strength of the beast. She didn't know how, she didn't know why, but she felt like maybe they had a chance to get out of here alive. 
 However, the beast was simply toying with them, the next attack from the beast was a lot faster than the previous one and now Peter's legs had been completely detached from his body. 
 It was a strange sight to see, as the beast was towering over Peter originally. Although his bladed hands were long, it seemed like the roots that were attached to the hard part of the creature could extend and retract. 
 It was hard for her to confirm this theory of hers, science everything seemed to happen in an instant, and she was still trying to get over the shock. 
 Even with her sprint spear inside the beast, it had little to no effect. She felt like her attacks were useless. The beast continued to walk forward ignoring Peter on the ground. Cia then noticed that its body seemed to be facing in a certain direction. It had chosen its next target. 
 It was looking at Logan... 
 The suit's creation was almost done. It was mostly silver in colour, matching that of the spiders. Unlike the previous one which was quite large and bulky, looking almost mech-light. This one suited Logan's body shape and stature more. 
 Only the last part remained which was the head. Logan saw the beast coming towards him and decided to quickly place his body into the suit being made. He planned on allowing the spiders to complete the final part. 
 On the top of his hands, were two circular rings. Around the edge of the rings were small little metallic claws that looked similar to a tooth. "It's still not active." Said Logan looking at the circular rings, "the suit needs to be complete before I can do anything. Just a few more seconds..." 
 Taking another step, the beast suddenly felt something grabbing onto its leg. As it looked down, it could see the opponent that it had already defeated. 
 Peter continued to grasp at the tree trunk like leg as hard as he could. Once again, the beast looked down, this time when lifting up its arm, it started to extend above its own head. Cia realized that she was indeed not imagining things, the beast could retract and extend its limbs. 
 As the beast swung downward, Cia squinted. She couldn't watch anymore. Still, she needed to… 
 When she opened her eyes once again. Peter's arm had been removed from his body. 
 "Peter..." Logan said. 
 The suit of armour had been completed. The suit was mostly silver in colour and the top helmet part covering the head would be, was a single pane of glass going from the chin up to the top of the head. 
 The chest was plated in a green metal, while the two circles on top of his hands were also outlined in green. 
 "This won't be enough," Logan predicted after witnessing the fight between Peter and the beast. He had seen Peter fight in the VR game and he could gauge his strength. There was still one more thing Logan needed. "A weapon." 
 A strange square like device was attached to Logan's belt. He chucked the strange object on the floor and it suddenly expanded into what looked like a large chest. Logan quickly grabbed some crystals from the chest. 
 "Otherwise might think this is a waste, but our lives are on the line." After taking out the crystals, the device returned to its original size, and a robotic spider jumped up retuning it around his waist. 
 After placing the two crystals into the top part of his hand, the green like circles started to glow. 
 A female robotic voice sounded inside his head. 
 [Two Intermediate Tier Crystals Detected.] 
 [An Energy Weapon is being generated.] 
 "Still needs more time… Looks like it needs more time than I had previously predicted. That or the worry inside me is making me feel like this is taking forever." Logan said. 
 The beast was now only a few meters away from Logan's position. The problem was, now that he knew the beast was able to extend its limbs, it was hard for him to gauge its true attack range distance. 
 After analysing his opponent Logan felt like this suit was the best against it, but he was beginning to have second thoughts whether or not he had chosen the right decision. The suit he used most of the time was equally balanced when it came, to power, defence and speed. 
 The suit he had formed now focused on attack power. After seeing what the creature looked like he thought it was the best option. With a small body frame and arms for weapons, he wanted to fight fire with fire. However, now that he knew it had some range. Perhaps something speed-oriented would have been better. 
 The other problem was, the suit was pretty useless when it came to defence, and right now his weapon hadn't even finished forming. 
 Just as Logan was planning to make a dash for it, a familiar voice shouted from behind the beast. 
 "Hey, if you want to forget about me, you have to make sure you've killed me first!" Peter shouted. 
 As Cia turned her head to look at who was shouting, she was amazed. She rubbed her eyes a few times just to make sure she wasn't hallucinating. It was Pio. He was standing on his two feet, and his arm had been reached. 
 She knew he had impressive regenerative abilities, but this was something out of this world. Inhuman almost. 
 As Peter stood there, she noticed he had his hand over his belly. His regenerative powers were impressive, but he had used too much energy and for the first time, he felt hungry. 
 He started having second thoughts that if he was to get this severely injured once more, then maybe he wouldn't be able to regenerate anymore. 
 The beast turned and looked at Peter, tilting its body slightly to the side. It seemed confused. Its interest had been piqued and once again he started to walk towards Peter. 
 Although Peter had regenerated, he hadn't suddenly gotten stronger. If he was to face the creature again it would just be the same outcome. 
 As Peter saw it heading towards him he was trying to decide what to do. 
 "Should I go for its legs? But it's too fast. Maybe I should run and attack. Just because its attack speed is fast doesn't mean its legs are fast." 
 However, as Peter had finished that thought, the roots in its legs contracted, then pushed off the ground, propelling it forward like some type of spring. It was now directly in Peter's face in a matter of seconds. 
 It swung its arm out and Peter could see the blade. With his reaction speed, he was able to react to the attack, but he could tell that he was just a little too late and the blade this time would chop his head off. 
 "If only I was a little bit faster!" Peter shouted. 
 A fraction of a second was all he needed. 
 He continued to duck down with all his might, and as he did, the sound of an object swinging fast through the air was heard. 
 "My head, it's alright, it's still on me." Peter thought. 
 When looking at the beast's body, Spirit spears could be seen plunging deep inside of it. Cia who had been watching from the side was deeply confused. 
 She looked closely at the spears that were inside the beast. They looked identical to her own, the only problem was, she wasn't the one who had thrown them. Those spirit spears hadn't come from her, which meant it could have only come from one person. 
 She had seen the same thing happen before. 
 "They say, heroes always arrive at the last second," Vorden said with a smile as he appeared out from one of the buildings with Layla standing by his side. 
 **** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the authors note. 
 For MVs artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 251 The real hero 
 [Your Family member (Peter, Race: Wight) is getting hungry] 
 Seeing this message had brought back bad memories for Quinn. No longer did Quinn need to be fed. The only situation where he did was if he had been too injured. Needing a new energy source to power his regenerative abilities. 
 Quinn no longer got the exp shared message and he started to fear the worst. Him and Fex had been walking around in a circle like area and had covered almost half of the distance while walking around. IT seemed like luck wasn't on his side and he had chosen the wrong direction. 
 "Hey man, aren't we just walking in circles," Fex complained. 
 "The thing I see, I think it keeps moving," Quinn yelled back lying about the situation. 
 They were too far in, around one direction. If they were to turn around and head back it would only take longer. But with worry inside him for what was happening, he started to pick up the pace. 
 **** 
 After the first attack on Peter, the beast stood there slightly confused not following up with a second attack. Using this opportunity, he quickly picked and shifted over and backed away from the creature. It didn't seem interested in following him, but this time, with the spears that were stuck inside it. 
 While doing this he chose to head in the opposite direction of Vorden and Layla. They were both using long-range skills, and it wouldn't be good if the beast got close to them. 
 When coming from the side of one of the buildings, the two of them had quickly assessed the situation. Seeing a humanoid creature they knew the others were in danger, and when they saw Peter trying to confront the thing, they didn't have much time to think and needed to act straight away. 
 "Layla go check up on Logan and see if there's anything you can do to help," Vorden said. "It looks like Logan is preparing something and right now, he's the strongest one here." 
 Vorden still had not gotten the chance to gather much abilities. If he were to gauge himself, he was at one of his weakest moments right now. Cia's support ability was at level 4 and Layla's telekinesis ability was at level 2. Using Raten he could power that up to level 6. Unfortunately, there was no way for him to get Peter's ability due to his cells being different. 
 HE could go up to Logan and it would be a huge power boost. He wouldn't know how to use their ability but at least he could combine his amount of MC cells into one. The problem with that was that it required Sil to help. 
 Without Quinn here, Sil seemed disinterested in the whole event, the only other time he would come out was the situation of the body being in danger. Looking at the creature in front of him, they would die before even finding out they were in danger. 
 Not only that, But Peter needed Vorden's help. Based on the last attack, he had only come out alive by the skin of his teeth. 
 "Vorden, we need to fight together no," Layla replied. 
 "This time, I'm not trying to be rude, but your attacks would do nothing, and would only get in the way. I'm afraid I'm only a little better than you in this situation. We need Logan." Vorden replied. 
 Gritting her teeth at hearing that she was weak once again, she ran off to the direction Logan was in. 
 "Do you need any help?" She asked. 
 [Energy weapon creation at fifty percent] 
 "I'm sorry but there isn't much, you or I can do, we just have to wait a little longer," Logan replied. 
 Agin, Layla had heard those words. There was nothing she could do and it was true. 
 While there were two spirit spears inside it. The beast tried to swing its hand mid-air. IT realised that for some reason it's attack wasn't as fast as it usually would be. It continued to swing its arm downward. 
 Then, the spirit blades time had run out. As it swung its hand down it felt and looked faster than all of the over attacks. Now that its speed had returned to normal, It looked up at Peter. Ready to finish him off once again. 
 It prepared its legs ready to spring into action once again, but just before it was about to set off. Vorden threw another one of the spirit spears landing right in the back of the beast's legs. 
 Another spear came out again, this time, the beast got out from his leading downward position and moved to avoid the spear. 
 "It looks like he's figured it out," Vorden said. "This is the problem with high-level beasts." 
 Now the beast was looking in Vorden's direction. 
 "No if they get rid of him then I will have no support," Said Peter. " I have to fight." Readying himself he rushed forward. 
 The beast continued to ignore Peter though, and it seemed like he was going to deal with the biggest annoyance first which was Vorden. As his back was turned something strange happened though. 
 As it looked down, another spirit spear was stuck in its body. It was sure it was keeping an eye on the other boy. So where did the spear come from? 
 "Pretty boy, you owe me a date after this one!" Cia shouted. She had come out from the side of the house, and was now standing in the street. She wasn't confident that the attack would be able to land at the distance she was at so she decided to come closer. 
 Although she was scared, her mind was screwed on straight. If they wanted to live they would all need to do their part. 
 Before the beast could choose its target, Peter was already upon him and had thrown a fist against his solid body. The beast was shifted from his position a few inches back. 
 "Did it not hurt him? How are we meant to kill this thing," Peter said. 
 As the beast went for the attack. Two spirit spears were thrown from both sides. The beast moved instinctively avoiding the spears now. Although none of the spears hit it would stop the beast from being able to land an attack on Peter. 
 The two continued to do this. While the whole situation was going on, even with the beast's large body. The beast was able to avoid all of the spears thrown by the two. It was starting to grow tired though, and without the others realising it. It was inching its way towards one of them. 
 Storing the power in its legs until it got close enough. It managed to avoid more of the spears, then quickly contracting the roots of one of its legs, it sprung forward to the side. 
 It didn't go for, Vorden, or Peter, it went for Cia. 
 "Damn, why didn't I think of this," Vorden said and slapped a hand over his face, annoyed at himself. It was a simple rule when fighting. In a situation like this, it would clearly get rid of the weakest and most annoying one first. 
 Their distractions had only worked well so far thanks to both of them throwing the spears. 
 Now with it coming straight towards her, the spear she had been throwing finally managed to hit. However, it was useless, one or two spears weren't going to do much in helping her fight against such a thing. 
 She didn't have the crazy amount of experience Vorden did, and the reaction and speed Peter head. 
 "If I'm going to die, I'm going to curse and look at what kills me right in the face!" Cia shouted. 
 As it's bladed claw was about to reach out and stab her in the face they were stopped mid-air in its tracks inches away from her face. 
 "They say heroes arrive at the last second," Fex said, with his hands twitching holding the strings using all of his strength. 
 "Lame." Vorden muttered, "Doesn't he know I already said that?" 
 At first, she thought that Fex had saved her, but on closer inspection when looking at the blade. A strange purple shadow substance could be seen around it. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 252 A special Ques 
 The blade had been stopped, if it had continued to move forward it would have pierced her skull almost showing no resistance. Cia once again could live to see what would happen in the next few moments, still unsure if she would live past today. However, what she was surprised about was who exactly had come to save her. 
 Out of the corner of her eye, she could see a black hair boy, pulling and twitching off to the side. 
 "What was his name again Fex?' Cia thought. "Wasn't he a level one?" But she didn't stay long to find out. While the beast was stuck in place she quickly ran off to where Layla and Logan were standing down the street a little away. 
 As the beast saw it's bladed arm being wrapped around by the strange shadow substance, while also being pulled by the strings. It was wondering just which one was affecting it more. 
 For some reason, even though it was using all its strength it was unable to move its arm forward to kill its target. It was something it had never experienced before. 
 A whisper was suddenly heard in Peter's ear. 
 "Go join the others," Quinn said. "You've fought enough and if you get hurt again, who knows if you will survive." 
 Peter looked to his side and could see Quinn standing there. He had already equipped all of his beast gear equipment on before coming over ready for a battle. Still, even he and Fex were unprepared for what they were facing. 
 When looking at him, there was no joy on his face, it was dead serious and Quinn was fully concentrating. 
 "If you are in trouble, I won't hesitate to sacrifice myself," Peter said as he walked off to where the others were. Before leaving Peter turned once again. "Quinn, it's strong." 
 Looking at the beast, still curious about its movements Quinn replied. 
 "I know." 
 [New Quest received] 
 [Defeat the king of the underground city] 
 [King tier beast: Likmorn] 
 [ The town has been left behind, and in its empty place, the beasts began to take over. Amongst the many, eventually, a single creature took over, calming the seat and title of king... The others do his bidding as he protects the treasure located in the tower.] 
 [Quest reward ????] 
 Peter didn't need to say anything, for as soon as Quinn had seen the strange beast, the system had immediately activated a quest for him. It had been a while since the system automatically gave him a task. 
 Usually when it would appear when he faced a strong opponent of some sort. This also happened when he was to face Leo. He found it strange that nothing had come up for the advanced tier beast. 
 But it was probably because the system didn't deem it as special enough for the planet they were on. What interested Quinn about this strange quest, was for the first time, it seemed to tell a little bit about how the creature came to be. 
 'Is it because of the area we are in? Maybe it is related to the vampires and not the Dalki after all.' 
 The information also revealed that it had been acting as a guard for the tower. If such a strong beast was guarding it and it had stayed underground, Quinn couldn't even begin to imagine what it was trying to protect. 
 Lastly, the quest reward for defeating the beast. Even when going against Leo there was a clear quest reward an instant level up. For some reason though, this one was hidden. He didn;t know why, but the fact that it was hidden, only made him want to find out what it was more. 
 The real problem was though, could they beat it. A king tier beast. He started to think back about all the students going up against the advance tier beats, and even with fifty of them they were unable to kill such a thing. 
 The ones that were left able to fight on were, Fex, Vorden, himself and Logan. But it seemed like Logan was still busy with something else. Cia was out of it, and would no longer be any use. 
 The difference between this fight and the one earlier was Fex and Quinn would be willing to display their full powers. Cia could always be hypnotised for later and even if she couldn't. the lives of all of them were more important than one. 
 The beast was no longer curious about the strange shadow and strings, and pulled its arm back out of the shadow, Seeing this Quinn quickly returned it to himself. There was one great advantage to them being underground. 
 Quinn's shadow powers were stronger. Even with the artificial light source from logan. Just being in a darker environment increased the distance of his shadows. It was only because of this he was able to use it a distance away from himself. 
 As the beast moved its hand, Fex for the first time could feel it's enormous strength. 
 "What!, he wasn't this strong before was he," Fex said, as his hands started to ache holding onto the strings. "Does this mean, Quinn's shadow was doing most of the work?" 
 He could hold on no longer on and it was just the waist. It seemed like the beast was moving just fine with or without his strings. 
 "I need to help them." Vorden said. 
 Vorden was now standing by the others' side, the five of them had gone to hide behind a building, out of the street and out of the way of what was about to go down. 
 [70 percent of energy weapon has been created] 
 Whatever Logan was doing, it looked like it still wasn't ready yet and he couldn't join the fight just yet. 
 "Logan do you mind if I touch you." Vorden asked. 
 "Even if you do copy my ability. It's not like others." Logan explained. "You won't be able to get a clear grasp and the ability itself is pretty useless honestly. It was only because I was able to implement it with my brains I was able to come up with a use. Not saying you don't have brains of course but you understand..." 
 "Logan, stop rambling and trust me." 
 Noticing that Vorden was trustworthy, and had come with ideas so far, Logan decided to put a bit of faith in him. Part of the suit that was covering the arm shifted upward, as the suit broke down into the hundreds of little spiders. 
 And the two had touched hands. 
 With that, Vorden started to move. He didn't go onto the street like the others thought he would, instead he went through the buildings down the side looking for the perfect spot. 
 His aim was never to use Logan's ability, but only wanted the MC cells that came with it. He had already used a large amount throwing out spears constantly. Still, with Logan's level 8 ability, he had to have a large amount, not only that but if he could get Raten or Sil to fight. They would be able to combine the other abilities. Making a spirit spear above a level 8 ability. The level four's didn't do much, but surely this would have an effect. 
 The only problem was, the beast was now cautious against the spears, so Vorden wanted to get in the perfect location, waiting for the right time. Sometimes, when the ability level was higher, it would also consume more MC points with each use of the ability. 
 There was no time for testing, and no second chances against a foe like this. 
 "This is crazy!" Cia shouted. "Why are the two level ones, the weakest in our team out there fighting. Are they idiots are they trying to get themselves killed," She yelled. 
 Suddenly, a hand had come towards her face, and the right side of her cheek was stinging. When she looked at who had just slapped her, she could see Layla was the one who had done it. 
 "It's because of those idiots that you're even alive!" Layla shouted. 
 "Layla....what do you mean?" Cia asked, holding her face. 
 As Cia looked closely, she could see a dark purple shadow emitting from Quinn's back. 
 "Those two, level ones, are the strongest level ones you will ever see." 
 **** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 253 Teamwork 
 The beast seemed to be cautious about the two opponents in front of it. It didn't know why, but it felt like they were different to the ones before it. The presence emitting form these two were similar to the boy it had thought before. Still, it wasn't entirely the same. 
 Although it wasn't showing on his face, Fex was worried. There were two main reasons for this. They were going up against a King tier beast. Fex struggled to fight an advanced tier beast on his own, he wasn't yet at the point he could deal with a king tier. 
 'If only I had a puppet, maybe we would have better chances,' He thought. This was the second problem. 
 His ability, his family training, mostly focused on using a puppet as a fighting tool. Of course, they trained their own bodies and strengths, but only the full potential and fighting power of the Sugiines family would come out when they were also using a puppet. 
 He had finally found the perfect person. Erin, but now that she had gone, there was no one else that interested him, or he felt like would be the right fit. 
 As they stood there, Fex moved his finger slightly as he threw out a needle with a string attached. It was so thin it couldn't be seen by the human eye. Once the string was attached to the beast leg. He would pull with his strength and the two of them would go in for the attack. 
 However, before the string had even reached the beast, it threw its bladed hand down cutting the invisible piece of string. 
 Fex gulped at this sight. 
 "That's not normal, that string is nearly as hard as steel. It shouldn't be that easy to break. My strings are basically useless against this guy. With no puppet, and his sharp blades I can't do anything. So I can only rely on my vampire abilities." 
 Fex knew that none of his mind control, and charm like abilities would work on such a powerful creature. Which meant they would have to deal with it, the old fashioned way. 
 He looked at Quinn who stood to his right, with his shadow shifting protecting him. It seemed like Quinn didn't quite know what to do either. 
 "Arghh!" Fex shouted as he charged in. "Quinn, I'll attack and you cover me with the shadow." 
 Although Quinn didn't agree with the plan, it was already too late as Fex was charging in. In Fex's mind, he was the faster, more skilful fighter of the two, all he needed was Quinn to use the shadow, to block the attacks he couldn't see and he was hoping that would be enough. 
 While charging forward, Fex threw out Blood swipes. Seeing this the beast, they swung its own hand blades, at such an incredible speed, it looked like it had managed to create its own wind strike pressure that clashed with the blood swipes. 
 Quinn followed closely behind, and it was a good thing he did, as the beast continued to swing its arms about causing a flurry of swipes. 
 From behind Fex, a few more blood swipes had followed. He didn't need to ask where they had come from. 
 "It looks like you're better back up then I thought." Fex said. 
 Using the shadow, Quinn blocked some of the attacks, while also using the blood swipe of his own. The two of them continued to attack while pushing forward. 
 It took the two of them using their blood swipes, including Quinn using his shadow, to match the speed of attacks coming from the king tier beats and currently they were at a stalemate. 
 Watching from the side, Cia's mouth was left wide open. "What, who are these guys, their abilities, they look the same and how are they able to go toe to toe with a king tier beast?" 
 Layla didn't say anything back, as it was pointless as her memory would soon be wiped off the whole thing anyway. 
 Although they were able to match the power and speed of the King tier's attacks. They couldn't keep this up forever. In a way, using the blood type attacks drained their life force and they would eventually run out of energy. 
 When looking at the beast, the same couldn't be said for it. Not only that, but Quinn's MC points were detoriating fast. He tried using the shadow to block as little as possible. With every block, the shadow would get damaged causing him to use up his Mc. The attacks were just too powerful. 
 Knowing this. The two of them pushed forward. 
 "Quinn charge in!" Fex shouted. "Blood shield." 
 A wide barrier of blood was lifted from the ground. Blocking the incoming attacks. Quinn didn't hesitate, and went off to the side. 
 [Wind walk activated] 
 Using his extra speed from his intermediate boots, he tried charging in from the side. 
 [Blood Crescent kick] 
 It was too risky trying to get in close, it was likely it would notice Quinn by then. Even with the attacks coming towards it, it did nothing to block them. The two attacks had landed on the beast, yet not a mark was left on it. 
 "That was one of my most powerful attacks." 
 There was only one thing left for Quinn to try. One of the beast's arms extended outward aiming straight for him. 
 "Flash step." The blow was avoided and the blood hammer was in preparation. A normal hammer strike was likely to do nothing against a beast like this. If he wanted to hurt it he needed his most powerful strike. 
 In the middle of his preparation for the strike, the tree route extended arm had turned around and extended, following Quinn's position. 
 After only a few motions of the blood hammer, he needed to cancel it and avoid the blow. His shadow would move to slow so he only had one option. 
 "Flash ste..." Quinn tried to execute the flash step, but for the first time, he was too slow. Tilting his head to the side, and kicking his feet of the ground, he managed to block the attack using his shoulder. 
 The blade pierced through him easily, and now he was attached to the beast via its extended root arm. 
 [60/80 HP] 
 Although Fex wanted to help Quinn, he knew it would be a waste and there was the opportunity to strike. Fex using his great speed had managed to get within striking distance of the beast. 
 An uppercut fist that was encased in blood, was aiming towards the beast's belly. It was an attack Quinn had never seen before. It was also the strongest attack that Fex had when combining his martial arts with his vampire skills. 
 "You damn tree fall!" He shouted as he plunged his fist right into the centre of its belly. Vibrations and pressure of wind came out from the attack, and the beast had been moved a foot back as it slightly hurled and arched its back forward. 
 "Yes, they got an attack in." Layla cheered. 
 "No," Logan said. "It's too early to celebrate." 
 The beast stood upright and lifted its arm that was attached to Quinn. The two were lifted up high a few meters up in the air before it used a strong force slamming him down into one of the buildings off to the side. 
 The building crumbled down on top of Quinn's body as he was thrown down. 
 "Quinn!" Fex shouted. It was clear the attack was a powerful one, and even he wasn't sure if he would have made out alive. 
 Still, there wasn't much chance for him to worry. The Beast retracted it's arm from the fallen building, and now was focused on Fex. 
 The attacks coming towards him were at close range, and it took every bit of energy and skill for Fex to dodge all the blows. With each strike, he managed to avoid most of the attacks. still, the edge of the beats's bladed arm would scratch Fex. These weren't shallow cuts either. Some of them were quite deep. 
 "He's fast but just not fast enough!" Layla said. 
 From the crumbled building off to the side. One of the larger slabs of walls were pushed to the side. The dust started to settle and Quinn could be seen underneath it, covered in wounds and blood. 
 Most of his bones had been broken, and it was painful to even lift his body up. 
 [12/80 HP] 
 [Blood bank activate] 
 He had no choice and needed to use the blood bank to heal most of the serious wounds. As his body started to recover, he watched Fex amazingly dodge the beast's fast attacks. Using his imagination, Quinn pictured himself in Fex's situation and he would have been dead by now with his own speed. 
 The fight continued on and a pool of blood could be seen underneath his two feet. The wounds were taking a toll on him as he started to slow down. 
 In the middle of the fight, Fex was starting to lose hope. Even if he was faster, more skilful it meant nothing. His strongest attack was unable to hurt the beast. For a king tier beast, to do anything, they would need at least an advanced tier weapon and even then it would unluckily be able to do much damage. 
 'Am I really going to die, because of this ugly monster?' Fex thought. 
 Quinn felt the same way, his intermediate tier gauntlets just wasn't going to be enough to hurt the king tiers body. 
 Fex continued to dodge and as he was in the middle of his thoughts. A strange green beam of light could be seen from his side. 
 "Duck!" 
 Instinctively, Fex reacted to the words, and ducked his body down. The green beam of light carried on moving forward and went straight through the beast's body. 
 [Energy weapon has been completed] 
 "Looks like it was a success," Logan said. As for the first time during the fight, black blood was trickling down from the wound. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below the stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVs artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 254 A new level of... 
 For the first time since the fight had started, the king tier beast had finally bled. Just when Fex felt like all was lost, a strange green energy of light came out and plunged into the beast's upper body. 
 Although Fex was unaware of what had happened. Quinn who had emerged from the rubble managed to catch everything with his own two eyes. 
 Quinn was still injured, his wounds were worse than usual and even with the use of the blood bank, his body this time would take a while to heal. 
 He had used the blood bank completely and it was now empty. It had brought him up to [62/80] of his HP. Healing this much would allow him to continue in the fight. He still also had the flask that was given to him by Fex, But looking out how badly injured Fex was, he hesitated about using it. 
 He was debating whether the blood in the flask should be used on Fex instead. It was his own after all, and he didn't have a blood bank, that was clear after looking at how damaged his body was during the fight. 
 As Fex's legs were wobbling and his speed was slowing down, from the side, came in a short man who was in a silver and green suit. 
 "Logan!" Quinn thought. But this suit looked different from the others he had seen, on top of his arms, where beams of energy shaped like sharp daggers. They looked similar to an ancient weapon known as a Katar. 
 "Engage, maximum system output!" Logan said as he thrust his fist forward. The Katar like weapon suddenly grew longer. The green energy had extended and went right through the beast's solid body. 
 "Fex, I'm going to need your help," Logan said as he pulled out the energy blade from the beast. Logan knew this wasn't going to be enough. 
 Suddenly, the beast's attention was on Logan, the person who had injured him. All Fex wanted to do right now was rest but just from looking at Logan he knew they couldn't rely on him. 
 The beast went in for an attack from above, and Logan went to block with the energy blade, but when Fex looked at both of them it looked like watching a tortoise and hare race against each other. 
 They now had the power, and the weapon to injure the beast but not the speed. Logan was too slow. Seeing this, using his last bit of energy, Fex pivoted and shifted himself using all his strength to dash forward. 
 With his shoulder in front, he barged Logan out of the way allowing him to avoid the strike. The blade continued to go down, and although it didn't hit its original target, it still managed to hit Fex between his neck and shoulder. 
 "Kill the damn thing!" Fex screamed as more blood was dripping down his arm. 
 "Energy blade, maximum output!" Logan shouted, and at the same time, one of the energy blades seemed to respond. It grew twice in size and Logan slashed down with all his strength. It went through the beast's side and the sound of something falling to the ground was heard. 
 The green jade-like arm had been detached from its body, and black blood was now pouring out from the wound. 
 "What is that!?" Cia asked, amazed at what was happening. "I've never seen a weapon like that before. If he had stuff like that was so effective...why doesn't everyone use it?" 
 On the other hand, Layla who was standing next to her didn't have the same look of amazement on her face. Her forehead was wrinkled as she was in deep concern. 
 The green blade that had just been used, had fizzled out and now Logan only carried one on his arm. 
 "I thought this was the case," Layla said. "I've seen one of these before. Or to be more precise I learned about this before. It's another way to use the beast crystal that was discontinued by the military." 
 "Discontinued, but why?" Cia asked. 
 "As you can see, by using crystals as a raw form of energy, one is able to create something called an energy blade. The problem is, all of its energy is coming from the crystal and it needs a constant output to support it. Using the raw energy rather than mixing it with other materials creates a more powerful weapon. 
 "But this means two things, First the weapon isn't permanent. Once all the energy from the crystal has been used the weapon will disappear. This also means that the weapon strength will vary depending on how much energy is used when attacking. 
 "Because of these reasons, the military decided that it was much more practical to use the crystal core, to create beast weapons rather than energy weapons. Energy weapons were fine for the low-end use, when using a basic tier or intermediate crystal but anything above would be a waste." 
 For someone like Logan, intermediate crystals weren't too hard for him to come by. He could always just purchase them online on the market place. The problem was anything above that. 
 Past the advanced tier crystal, there weren't many people who sold them. This was even true for the advanced tier crystals. Instead, people would post requests, asking others to obtain a specific type of crystal for them. 
 The problem was, Fex had not anticipated needing more than two intermediate crystals on a trip like this. It wasn't exactly something people freely carried around with them either. 
 "It looks like the attack was a success," Logan said. 
 With the black blood continuing to drop from the beast's wound, it decided to retreat for the first time, leaping back. Fex wanted to chase after the thing but when he took a step forward, his wounds seemed to have gotten the better of him, as he went down to one knee, just stopping himself from collapsing on the floor. 
 "I'm more hurt then I thought." 
 There was no point for Logan to give chase either. The energy blade was just that, a blade of energy. Unlike traditional beast gear, it didn't give any extra stats to the user and the suit he was wearing didn't either. If he was to chase the beast he wouldn't catch up to the thing in a million years. 
 Suddenly, the beast's wound started to bleed less. It looked like some vine-like structures were starting to cover over the wound. Next, from the wound a little stump was starting to grow. 
 "Am I imagining things, or is that thing starting to get smaller?" Layla asked, still looking from the side of the street. 
 "You're right," Peter replied, still having his hand hover over his belly. At the same time, he was looking at Cia in a slightly different way. 'I never got an order not to hurt her today, right?' Peter thought. 
 The group wasn't imagining things. As the stump started to grow it looked like it was forming another hand, at the same time, the beast was getting smaller in size. As if he was taking his mass from one area and placing it in another. 
 When it was all done. The beast once again had two-bladed limbs that shined like Jade. Only now, it was roughly the same height as a regular human. 
 "Looks like we're going to have to go for round two." Fex groned out as he lifted himself off the ground. He knew that without his help Logan wouldn't be able to do much. 
 He was their attacker. Their damage dealer and he needed to protect him if they wanted to kill the beast. 
 "Why don't you lie back down." A voice said from his side, as he felt a hand also touch down on his shoulder. 
 "Quinn? But how?" Fex asked. Vampires had super natural healing abilities but for serious life threatening wounds, the use of blood would be needed . If the wound was bad, but not life threatening, they would eventually heal up but get hungry in the process. 
 But what was strange about Quinn, was how quick he had healed. 'Did he use the flask?' 
 Quinn's body had healed, he wasn't quite at full health but he was able to fight once again. 
 "We can talk about that later," Quinn replied while handing the flask back to Fex. "Take it, heal up." 
 'I guess, my guess was wrong.' Fex thought. 
 It was tempting for Fex, but in the end, he refused again. "No, Quinn not to be rude, but you're too slow to go against something like this and there might actually be a use and another way for us to get out of this mess if I don't use it. You keep it." 
 What Fex had said was correct. Quinn knew that with his speed he would be hit left and right from the beast. His shadow was strong but not quick enough to catch up. 
 "Don't worry about that." Quinn said she walked forward. 
 [Are you sure you would like to add all 6 points to agility?] 
 [Points added] 
 [26 (+4) Agility] 
 Before trying to hand over the flask to Fex, Quinn had taken a tiny drop of blood, giving him one more point in agility. Then using the remaining points from levelling up, he decided to put everything in one area. Finally, there were also the intermediate boots he was wearing, bringing his total agility up to thirty. 
 And also, burning him up to a new level of speed, the speed was at the same level as a vampire nobel. 
 ***** 
 Want more Chapters? Then remember to vote. The stone goals are in the authors note below. 
 (Author Note extra chapters message) 

 
	 Chapter 255 A diffrent person 
 When Quinn said these words, Fex could feel his confidence. He wanted to say he was crazy for trying to take on such a monster when he could barely dodge its attacks. 
 But for some reason, with his tone of voice and the air around him, it felt like something in Quinn had changed compared to him a few moments ago. 
 "Who are you really, is this the difference between the punishers and the rest of us?" So far, Fex had multiple guesses about who Quinn really was but all of them seemed to be missing the mark. Everything just didn't go together yet. 
 Still, just in case Fex went off to the side and lean up against the building wall. Ham who had been flying and hovering in the air for most of the time came swooping down. 
 "Ham, if I don't come back from this, I want you to go back to the others. Don't stay here." Fex ordered. 
 "What do you mean?" Ham replied. "I know the wounds are bad, but you should eventually heal from this, right?" As Ham said those words, he started to look at the wounds, although they would take a while to fully heal, it was obvious if the healing process had started or not as the bleeding should've already stopped. 
 But from the multiple cuts that were mainly on his upper body and arms, blood was still seeping out. "Master, are you doing this on purpose?" 
 Fex didn't reply, but it was clear that this was his answer. Ham wanted to complain. He had been with Fex since he could remember but, he had to do whatever Fex told him to. 
 "And what about the other vampire? If I return do you want me to inform them about him?" Ham asked. 
 While at the school Fex state of mind had changed a lot. 
 At first, he wanted to get close to Quinn as a scapegoat if his family ever came to get him. He still had that in his plans, but during their short time together, they had done many things together, and Fex had honestly never had a more interesting and fun time with someone. 
 "Leave it, what Quinn does is none of our business," Fex replied. 
 Both Logan and Quinn now stood a few meters apart from the smaller version of the King-Tiered beast that they had gone up against. 
 "Logan, I want you to stay behind me. When I give the call I want you to attack with all that you have." Quinn said. 
 For the first time, Quinn seemed to be taking the leadership role, something that Logan had done previously. Still, Logan wasn't complaining, he didn't know what Quinn had up his sleeve, but he had known him long enough to trust him. 
 Quinn's shadow before was continuously shifting around his body. Usually, he did these series of actions as a form of protection for himself. Of course, he only did something like this when there was a fight. This time he had the shadow in a ball-like shape hovering above his shoulder. 
 Against the King-Tiered beast, it was useless to use as a defensive measure, its attacks were too fast for him to move the shadow in the right position. If it couldn't be used for defence ,then it was better off being used as an attack. 
 The beast had waited long enough, instead of charging in as it would usually do. It decided to swing out its bladed arm and stretch it out from the side. Right now, Quinn was standing directly in front of Logan. 
 With this attack, it was clear that its target was Logan standing behind Quinn. Even if he did trust Quinn, just to make sure Logan raised up the energy blade, knowing his suit wouldn't be able to handle an attack. 
 "You're not the only one that can do something like that!" Throwing out a blood swipe and then grabbing it quickly with his shadow. Quinn had made his shadow scythe. He swung it down from above, hoping to hammer it down before it reached Logan. 
 Knowing the strength of the previous blood swipe, the beast chose to ignore it and continued on with its attack. The blood swipe from before would have shattered and not even effected the path of its attack, only slightly slowing it down. 
 *Bang 
 Like a hammer coming down on a nail. The scythe managed to knock the tree root arm, pinning it into the ground. 
 "That attack wasn't that strong last time?" Fex said seeing this. 
 It hadn't been too long since they fought. In that amount of time, Quinn had levelled up a few times as well as gained a few samples of blood from others. 
 "I just... I just..." Cia was at a loss for words. She had experienced too many surprises with this group so far. They were all monsters. "Can you do something like that?" Cia asked Layla. 
 So far she seemed to be the only normal one of the group. But she remembered that she had thought the same with Quinn, thinking he was normal and after being proven wrong. She felt like it could happen again. 
 "As I said, they saved your life earlier. These guys are amazing." As she said those words, she too wished she would be able to take part in the fight, rather than just stand by the side. 
 Seeing that the beast was targetting Logan and not himself, Quinn knew he needed to do something. 
 [Wind Walk Activated]. 
 Activating his boots and dashing forward, he travelled at a speed that had never been achieved by him before. 
 In an instant, he had nearly covered the entire distance and was now directly in front of the beast. 
 Punching the beast as hard as it could in the stomach, Quinn was hoping to make some sort of impact, but it didn't even budge. As its other hand retracted back, it started swinging away, attacking him in the same way as it did with Fex. 
 Only the result this time was different. Every strike was avoided. When Fex faced the beast, he was able to avoid the critical blows, but he would still suffer some hits here and there. 
 With Quinn, it was different, he was able to avoid each of the strikes cleanly, not getting a scratch on him. 
 "This speed. Did he really hide his strength? Just how…?" Fex was now even more confused than before. Everything that was happening right now didn't make sense, why fake being hurt? 
 Why risk being attacked by such a strong beast and how when only moments ago, Quinn was unable to avoid the strike. But at this moment, he was able to perfectly evade every strike. 
 His speed even surpassed Fex's at this moment. 
 When improving Quinn's stats. Each time it went up by ten, there was a significant improvement and even he could feel this. From 18 to 19 in a stat point although there was a difference, it was barely noticeable, but going from 19 to 20. The change could be felt and was tremendous. 
 Being able to just dodge the attacks wasn't going to be enough. Whenever an opening appeared, Quinn tried his best to throw out a punch, but the beast's reflexes were just as fast as its attacks, being able to easily block Quinn's attacks or even move out of the way. 
 Blood Hammer was still the strongest skill in Quinn's arsenal, but it took quite a long time to perform. However, the Hammer Strike, with his increased speed could be performed fast enough. He just needed to know how to land the attack. 
 While dodging the attacks, Quinn thought hard, the other problem was his stamina wouldn't be able to keep up. Then, an idea hit him while looking at the beast's movements. 
 Right now, he was facing a humanoid type beast. Not only that, but it was one that had some level of intelligence as well. 
 With this in mind, Quinn threw out a punch from above, using his speed, he threw out one after another. The first attack was blocked, and when the beast saw the second one, it twisted its body slightly to avoid the blow. 
 Then, something strange had happened. It had blocked one punch, and dodged the other, yet, a third hand had come out and hit the beast right on the temple of its rounded head. 
 From the outside, the others were just as confused as the beast. Because to them, it looked like the beast had moved into Quinn's attack. 
 "Looks like the Phantom Punch is a success…" Said Quinn with a smile. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note 
 For MVS artowrk follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 256 A noble sacrifice 
 Deeply confused by what just happened, the others thought it must have been a mistake on the beast's part. Perhaps, Logan's attack had hurt it more than they thought and now its movements weren't as swift as before. 
 The only one that knew what had happened was Quinn himself. He used the Phantom Punch, this was an attack that would only work on humanoid creatures with a certain level of intelligence. 
 Quinn wasn't so sure if it would really work but it was obvious that it worked and was incredibly useful in the battle. Those with high intelligence wouldn't be tricked by the phantom punch, at the same time, beasts whose intelligence were far too low wouldn't even recognize the trick in the first place. This was the reason why the Phantom Punch wouldn't work on most beasts. 
 However, it seemed like the beast in front of him was perfect for the Phantom Punch. The level of intelligence was enough for it to be tricked, but not high enough to recognize that it was being tricked. 
 The standoff between the two continued, with Quinn avoiding most of the blows cleanly, and whenever an opening revealed itself., Quinn would throw multiple punches mixing in a Phantom Punch in between. 
 Once again, another blow landed, this time on the beast's neck just above its chest. 
 "Again, is the beast starting to slow down?" Cia thought. 
 But watching closely... 
 Fex could see that the beast hadn't slowed down at all. Its movements were still as fast as ever, so what was happening? It was simply incomprehensible. 
 Eventually, the tide was starting to turn. As Quinn continued on with the fight, he started to be the aggressor more often. Hiding his Phantom Punches in between the ordinary jabs. The outsiders felt as if the beast was the one on the defensive and that it was delivering itself onto the path of Quinn's attacks. 
 It would constantly, dodge and lean onto Quinn's fists. 
 Then, instead of dodging. The beast decided to block the upcoming attack. Lifting its arm, it covered its rounded head, but with its movements. Quinn took the opportunity to send a blow to its stomach. 
 At this point, Fex finally understood what was happening, "It's got to be the Phantom Punch. I can't think of anything else. He's mixing it with the ordinary jabs and hooks. But who taught him the Phantom Punch, and when? 
 "He was just in the school with me, or could it be that the other vampire is teaching him in the school again?" 
 Even with all these points, and even if Quinn did have a teacher that was in the school. It didn't explain the crazy amount of time it had taken him to learn such a skill. Now, Fex was starting to feel frightened. 
 Before it was amazing, but every time he saw Quinn get stronger, a strange feeling overcame him, before he was sure he was always stronger then him. Now though, he couldn't say for sure. It was as if he was looking at two different people. 
 The punches continued to descend like a waterfall, and now it looked like the beast was getting bullied. The monster that they were all afraid off just a few moments ago was getting punched left and right by Quinn. 
 "I was wrong," Cia said. "I can't believe I thought he was useless. I'm sorry Layla. I now understand why you got mad." 
 As Layla watched Quinn, even she hadn't expected something like this from him. 
 Although, the tides had turned in the fight, with Quinn being able to attack the beast several times. It was having no effect on it whatsoever. The blows didn't leave any wounds or marks and it had barely moved from its original position due to Quinn's attacks. 
 'It has to be doing something...' 
 Quinn thought, otherwise why would the beast attempt to block the attacks? Still, he wasn't doing enough damage, and if he continued on like this, his stamina would run out before the beast. 
 "Looks like I have to use the hammer strike after all." Quinn thought. 
 There was still a problem though. The Hammer Strike may be quicker than the Blood Hammer, but it was still far too slow for the beast. 
 Another Phantom Punch was delivered to the stomach, as the beast went to block the attack, a Flash Step was performed, and Quinn was now standing directly behind the beast. 
 The movements of the Hammer Strike had started, and the beast attempted to turn around. As it did all of this, its movements slowed down, and its feet got stuck in the place where it was standing. 
 It hadn't noticed that during the fight, Quinn had moved his shadow down to the beast's feet. Holding it in place, the plan was never to keep the beast there, he knew it wouldn't hold it back long enough, but it was enough time for him to perform the Hammer Strike. 
 Placing his foot down, and pulling one arm back, he snapped the other one out, hitting the beast right in the centre. For the first time, it had been lifted into the air, and when it landed, the beast stumbled, struggling to stand on its two feet. 
 "Logan, get ready!" Quinn shouted. 
 "Maximum output!" Logan shouted and his final Katar-like weapon doubled in size. 
 The beast was now recovering, it was starting to lift itself off the floor. The attack was effective, but not good enough. Afraid that it might move and avoid the decisive blow. Quinn reacted fast. 
 "Shadow Void." 
 A bubble-like space was created in an instant. It was the same as the Shadow Void from before. But this one was a lot smaller. It also didn't encase Quinn and Logan, but only went around the beast. 
 This would stop the beast from running away and would buy them a little bit of time that they needed. 
 "Attack now!" Quinn ordered. 
 Logan was slightly confused at what was going on. After all, Quinn was displaying several different skills that he had never seen before. 
 After seeing what he was able to do against the beast so far, he decided to listen and swung down at the bubble-like space, where he last saw the beast. 
 At just the right time, Quinn prepared himself. He planned on cancelling Shadow Void at the right time to allow Logan's attack to land on the beast. 
 "Cancel shadow..." While in the middle of cancelling the skill, the Shadow Void had broken itself. This was also an expected result. Logan continued to lunge forward with his large energy Katar. 
 But he noticed something strange... 
 In the short amount of time it was in the shadow void, its appearance had completely changed. The green roots that covered, and formed the muscle structure of the beast, were now glowing slightly red. 
 When looking at them, it looked as if all of the roots were flowing with energy. They were pulsating, and something could be seen flowing all throughout its body. 
 "Did I wait too long?" Vorden said as he watched from a window up high. In a building nearby. He was still waiting for the perfect opportunity, so he never threw the spirit spear. It was too hard for him to find that opportunity since both Quinn and the beast were just too fast for him to see. 
 But right now, Vorden could tell what had happened to the beast. It was now in Rage Mode. Something only beasts at a higher tier could do. When they felt at danger, or their life was jeopardized, a beast could go into a rage mode. 
 With this, the maximum amount of energy from the crystal inside them would pump around their body. Beasts rarely went into this mode, due to the fact they could only go into it once. If all the energy from the crystal was used up while in rage mode. They would die and no longer exist. 
 It was a move only used in desperate times. The other problem was if a beast was killed while it was in rage mode, the crystal obtained from it would be useless. Travellers would often try their best to defeat the beast before it ever entered rage mode. 
 It was clear though, a beast in rage mode was a lot stronger. Even with his help and the new and improved Quinn, Vorden was unsure if they could beat it. 
 The Katar continued to thrust forward, when seeing this, the beast knocked the weapon away, shattering it as its attack collided against the weapon. 
 Lifting its legs out, it extended it like a fast piston, hitting Logan in the stomach. Flung back in the air, Logan was thrown several feet down the street. As he was chucked through the air, several of the spiders that made up the suit seemed to fall onto the ground as well. 
 They had been damaged, beyond what they were cable of withstanding and could no longer be used. 
 "Why…? Does the world really want us all dead?" Layla said. 
 Fex seeing this was sure now. He had made the right decision. He had been suppressing it this whole time, but with the blood loss, his lust had grown to the maximum. Purposely, not healing himself, Fex had done this as a last resort and it was time to use it. 
 Slowly his body was starting to change, his muscles were bulging, his skin shrinking, and his hair was falling off from the top of his head. 
 Ham flew away from his master, looking back at what Fex had become. He had a sad look on his face. 
 "So, you really did transform…" 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For Mvs artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga. 

 
	 Chapter 257 Last hi 
 Watching from slightly above everyone else. Vorden had the best view of what was going on down below. The two girls along with Peter were at the opposite end of the street, hid between two buildings. Their heads were tilted around the side, it was quite away from the fight but still close enough so they could see everything. 
 Vorden himself was in a building but was on the fourth floor, looking out from a window. One of the light balls that Logan had shot out earlier, was hanging from the very top of the same building. 
 Carefully, he watched the whole field of what was going on, he needed to see and wait for the right moment to strike. At one point when Logan had attacked the beast, he thought that was the right time. 
 Him and Raten had switched places and Raten was ready to throw the spirit spear, just before doing so, Raten informed Vorden of something. 
 With the use of MC cells from both Logan, and Cia. Vorden right now had one of the strongest support abilities out there. What they found out was now with a higher level of the support ability, came more options. 
 Cia's ability limited her to creating only one spear at a time. This limit was still there even with the increase of power, but there were a couple of differences. More MC cells could be put into the spirit spear creating a more powerful spear. How long or what the effects were, they couldn't tell until the spear was thrown. 
 Once they obtained this information, Vorden felt like it was best to create a stronger spear, one as strong as possible. They might only have one chance at this, the more powerful the attack when using an ability, the more MC cells it would use. 
 As he continued to watch from above, his heart started to sink. A strange feeling came over him and sweat started to run from his forehead. The beast had just gone into rage mode but that wasn't the reason Vorden was worried. 
 It was because there was something else down there with them, that had brought back bad memories. 
 Fex who was lent up against one of the buildings was no longer there. Or at least was no longer himself. 
 Instead the site of what was known as a Bloodsucker was there instead. It looked nearly identical to the time he had faced Quinn back on the red portal planet. There were a few differences but the horrifying creature brought back memories. 
 That day, Sil had saved his life fighting against the Bloodsucker, and in his place, Ian was killed. When Quinn was the beast, there was no telling friend from foe. 
 Vorden had kept silent so far not wanting to reveal his position to the beast, but as he saw the Bloodsucker moving towards Quinn he needed to shout out. 
 "Quinn behind you!" Vorden shouted. 
 Quinn had his eyes dead set ahead, looking at the beast, he was also concerned about Logan who had been hit, but when hearing the worry in Vorden's voice , he knew it was urgent. 
 As he turned his head, a bald headed, muscle bound creature was seen. The claws on its hands had widened. If it wasn't for the clothes that it was wearing, Quinn would have never known it was Fex. 
 "What is that?" Quinn said. "Is it some type of vampire transformation?" As he looked into Fex's eyes. There was no longer any white in them. It was completely black. No emotion was felt from them. "Is he even still sane?" 
 "Don't you remember?" the system said. "He has turned into a Bloodsucker." 
 After hearing the system say those words, Quinn briefly remembered when he hadn't consumed blood for a few day, his own transformation had begun. A message appeared before his mind went to black saying his transformation into a bloodsucker had been completed. 
 "Did he do this willingly?" Quinn asked. 
 "Perhaps, for a vampire to turn into a blood sucker, they must have an immense amount of thirst." the system explained. "My guess is, when he was wounded from the beast, he suppressed his healing abilities, allowing the blood to continue to drain from his body. 
 "When enough blood had poured out, he allowed his body to heal, using the last bit of his energy. Once the healing process was completed and his powers had been used, his thirst was at its maximum. 
 "It's a risky thing to do, if you allow too much blood to leave your body, and your wounds aren't able to heal then it could be life threatening. I'm surprised this young boy knew how to do such a thing. Vampires aren't often taught this, for a bloodsucker doesn't even see its own kind as a friend. Which would suggest, he really is an important figure. Perhaps the son of one of the vampire heads." 
 Although the explanation was interesting for Quinn, he didn't have much time to think about it. For right now he was stuck between the two of them. On one side was the raged King tier beast, and the other a Bloodsucker. 
 Quinn didn't know which one was more troublesome. When Quinn turned into a blood sucker, all his stats were doubled, but his health was halved and he was unable to use his vampire skills. 
 He looked to his left, he looked to his right. Waiting for one of them to make their first movement. 
 At the same time, the bloodsucker and beast dashed forward. 
 "Damn it, Shadow cloak!" Quinn said. From his feat the shadow rised up and suddenly, Quinn had vanished from the sight of the other two. However, it didn't seem like either one of them was interested in him. 
 As Quinn hurried to escape from the area the two of them clashed in the center of the street. The bloodsucker swiped it's claw, while the beast threw out its balded arm. As the two clashed the power between the two of them was so strong it looked as if ripples were being created in the air. 
 At first Quinn wanted to go check up on Logan and pull him off to the side to see if he was okay, but when he looked at where Logan was last seen, he was no longer there. 
 Peter had already dragged his body from the street and brought him over to the two girls. Although they didn't have to do much. Logan had already removed the helmet part of his suit, his mouth had blood trickling down from the side, and where he was wounded by the beast's foot. The miniature robotic spiders were working away, patching him up here and there. 
 They could fix the external wounds but not the internal. It was clear Logan could no longer fight. 
 Instead of going over to where the others were, while the other two were busy fighting. Quinn decided to stay quite close to the fight. He was learning a lot from the fight. When watching originally, their speed was so great Quinn couldn't keep up. 
 To the others, they were nearly unable to see anything, apart from once in a while, where there would be a stand off of power. As the fight continued, Quinn was able to clearly see each attack made by the two of them. 
 Although they looked wild and random, as attacks came rushing out from both of them, It looked like it wasn't the case at all. A Lot of Fex's original martial arts moves were still involved. And the beast it too was picking it's spots carefully, making it tricky for Fex to get a clean strike in. 
 One thing was clear though, if Quinn was to fight either one of them the way he was now he would be finished in an instant. Still, he chose to stay close and learning from the fight wasn't the only reason. 
 From the back of his mind there was one thing he kept thinking about. The quest. The reward of the quest was sure to help him grow and in the future. Not only did Quinn want the experience points for killing the king tier beast but he also wanted the quest reward. 
 Most likely, if Quinn wasn't the one to deal the finishing blow, it wouldn't count the quest as completed. While the beast was in it's rage mode, there was only one attack that could do any type of damage and that was the blood hammer. 
 The only question was how? How would he get the last hit. 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVs artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 258 Friend from foe 
 The fight continued on between the Bloodsucker and the king tier beast. At first, when the two of them fought it looked fairly even between them. Neither one of them was getting significantly hurt from the other. This was good for Fex. 
 When a vampire turned into a Bloodsucker, their health, or in Quinn's case Hp was halved. Their wounds would also no longer heal. It was a starved state for vampires. A mode that allowed them to grow stronger in order to consume blood. But also acted as a double edged sword. 
 However, slowly one of them was starting to get an edge and it looked like it was the Bloodsucker. Quinn was starting to notice that the power and the speed of the king tier beast was finally starting to slow down. 
 It had been in combat with multiple opponents and multiple times, so it made sense to Quinn but this wasn't the reason why. The beast had an inhuman amount of stamina and could continue to fight the students for hours on end. 
 The reason why it was starting to slow down and weaken was because of its rage mode. Simply put, the crystal inside was drawing out more power then it could generate and now the beast was slowly dying. 
 Not understanding what was happening, Quinn felt like this was his chance to attack. Whatever happened he needed to get that last hit. He had used most of his MC points during the fight and right now the only skill he could use, was the shadow cloak. Which he used to hide his presence. 
 Seeing what was happening, Quinn planned to inch closer and closer and try to get behind the king tier beast. While it was distracted fighting, Quinn would prepare the blood hammer and perform a flash step dashing him forward just before delivering the punch. 
 Trying to implement his strategy, he slowly started to creep towards the fight. On the street, Quinn and the others were stationed on the side of Fex, while the beast was on the other side which led towards the tower. 
 The fight was still hectic, and the two would span the whole width of the street. The king tier beast threw one of its arms out and the Bloodsucker managed to grab it. Using it's increased strength it yanked the arm as hard as it could, ripping it from the beast's shoulder. 
 Black blood once again started to squirt out from the wound. Quinn had seen this before when Logan had done the same thing, soon the beast would heal, but this was Quinn's chance. 
 Running forward and around the two, he wanted to get behind the fight. As he took a step to the side, suddenly, a large claw-like fist came out towards him. 
 The fist was briefly stopped by the shadow, and when he looked at where it had come from it was from the Bloodsucker. 
 'It could sense where I was even with the shadow cloak on?' Quinn thought. 'Luckily, I thought something might have happened and prepared my shadow just in case.' 
 Quickly, Quinn stepped back and went to his position before. It looked like Fex really could no longer tell between friend and foe. 
 Now, there was another problem on Quinn's hands. The attack from the Bloodsucker, although it was blocked by the shadow that would be the last one. For now, Quinn's Mc points had reached zero. 
 [0/100 Mc] 
 He couldn't complain though. Due to being underground, he was able to use the shadow more often than he usually would have. It seemed like his powers and the amount of Mc points taken to use the skills had lessened while down here. 
 Yes, he could no longer use his shadow cloak, but against these two, there was no point using it anyway. They both could sense his presence with or without the shadow cloak. 
 The only thing was, now the others could see him as well. When Quinn had disappeared, they thought he perhaps had left the scene. They never imagined he was still staying so close to the fight. 
 "Quinn, what are you doing, leave it to the two monsters," Vorden said from above. 
 "Does your friend have some type of pride or something?" Cia said. "The only reason I can think of him staying is that he wants to be the one to kill the beast." 
 Layla actually agreed with Cia for once, she didn't know the reason why Quinn had chosen to stay. Was he worried about Fex? Or was it something else. 
 The beast had done the same as last time after its arm had been ripped out. It wanted to take a few steps back and start to recover but the Bloodsucker wasn't going to let it go. 
 When the beast dashed backwards, the Bloodsucker gave chase. Before the others would have been too slow. It didn't expect something to be able to match it in speed down here. 
 With a swipe to its chest, the red roots were split open and the black blood squirted out once again. 
 "it has to nearly be dead, i need to get that last hit." Obsessed with getting the quest reward for killing the thing, Quinn dashed forward. 
 When he got close to the two of them, the Bloodsucker had turned around. The beast behind it looked like it was barely standing. 
 "Come on! Come at me Fex!" Quinn shouted as he threw out his leg, Performing a vertical slice of red aura. Seeing this the Bloodsucker leapt up in the air and it looked like it would close the distance between the two with one jump. 
 "Quinn!" Layla said worriedly. 
 Peter was already on the move. He dashed out hoping to take the attack in Quinn's place. However, they were just too far and he would never make it in time. 
 The others expected Quinn to attempt to dodge, but instead, he started to go through the motion of the hammer strike, timing everything perfectly with when the Bloodsucker had jumped, just when it was about to land, Quin performed a flash step. 
 Avoiding the attack and also appearing in front of the king tier beast. 
 "Blood hammer!" The beast was already weak, and using all the strength he could, he snapped back his arm and with the punch, released the power of the level two blood spray performing a blood hammer. 
 A loud shotgun-like sound was echoed through the underground town. 
 Carefully, Quinn had hit the same spot where the Bloodsucker had clawed out the roost protecting its upper body. Unlike before the attack seemed to go through. 
 "Did he do it?" Layla thought. 
 Peter had stopped running, and a smile appeared on his face. He could tell Quinn had done it because he himself felt stronger. 
 [Quest completed] 
 [Defeat the king tier beast] 
 ..... 
 ... 
 Multiple notification screens appeared at the same time but Quinn didn't have much time to read all of them. For while celebrating his Victory, a strong fist came out from the side hitting him on the body and sending him flying through the air. 
 Looking down, Quinn could see the Bloodsucker's, ugly face. 
 **** 
 Want more Chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below, the stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For Mvs artwork: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 259 Another big one 
 "That hit, it came from Fex. Was I too greedy this time." Quinn said. "It's not usually like me to be like that." 
 While having these thoughts, he quickly realized something. He wasn't dead. Surely a full-on hit from Fex would have killed him, but the reality was it hadn't done. In fact, Quinn had hardly been hurt at all. 
 [50/95 HP] 
 Using Quinn's blood bank, he was able to heal most of his wounds but not all and recovered around sixty of his HP points. That meant the attack had only taken a little over ten when being hit. 
 Opening his eyes, Quinn could see the Bloodsucker in front of him again. He had been chucked into the air and sent back, but it wasn't too far as the blow was significantly weakened and now he knew why. 
 When looking at Fex, a large thick blue spirit spear was stuck inside of the Bloodsucker. It was hard to even call it a spear as it seemed to be around the same thickness as an adult human. It looked more like a column that would hold up buildings. 
 "Quinn, I can't produce another one like that! Finish him now if you can!" a voice was heard shouting from down the street. 
 Looking behind the Bloodsucker, Quinn could see Vorden running towards him. The spear had come from him. Waiting for the right moment to throw the spear into the king tier beast. It looked like it never would happen, and eventually, the beast had already died, but Vorden was glad he had held out. 
 After Quinn's attack, he could see what was going to happen and threw out the large spirit spear into Fex. It was thanks to this that the blow was significantly reduced in terms of power and speed. 
 Still, Vorden knew he needed to continue and act fast. After throwing out the larger sprit spear, he was unable to produce it again. Because of this, Raten switched places back with Vorden, and had run out, hoping to support Quinn. 
 He could only throw the regular spears out now, but it was better than nothing. 
 "Kill Fex?" Quinn said. No, he couldn't do that. It was only because of him they were able to kill the king tier beast in the first place. They could have quite possibly had all died there today. 
 It wasn't fair for them to hurt thier saviour. 
 "What do you want to do?" A voice said next to Quinn's right. 
 Peter had now joined them as well. Vorden was stood off to the right of the Bloodsucker, While Quinn and Peter were stood on the other side of the street. Logan was still hurt and patching himself up by the two girls next to one of the buildings. Still staying out of trouble. 
 While watching what was going on, the girls started to hear a few voices from somewhere. 
 "So just a little further ahead and the beast you encountered before should be here?" A confident young voice said. 
 "Yes sir, every time we wanted to go explore the tower, the beast would come out and stop us. This happened several times while trying to make our way towards the tower, no matter what direction we came from. It seems to be protecting something." A female voice said. "Unfotuently, each time we faced the beast, although we were able to come out with our lives, we were unable to defeat it." 
 "I would agree with your prediction." The confident voice replied. "You were right to not report this to the other shelters, as well as the military shelter. Hopefully, that treasure can do well for our faction." 
 "Sir, what do you think about that loud bang we heard a few moments ago. Do you think this place was discovered by others?" Another male's voice asked. 
 "That's why we're heading there now." 
 The group continued to talk, and Layla and Cia, were starting to hear the voices even louder now. Soon they could see just where the conversation was coming from. Down the street, a group of travellers were walking together. 
 It was easy to spot them since each of them had a sticky light patch on them. It worked similar to a torch, only it didn't need to be held and could just be stuck on top of thier armour. It also glowed the surrounding area rather than just one direction. It allowed the area around the person to be bathed in light. 
 "Don't they look kind of familiar?" Cia thought. 
 The girls didn't come running out. Just because they saw things that looked like humans didn't mean they were, but as they got closer it turned out they really had seen them before. 
 "Yeah, back at the shelter." Layla replied. 
 They were the group of travellers who had reported to the military updating them about the exploration. Judging by the conversation they had just overhead. It looked like they hadn't exactly been truthful with thier report either. 
 Layla wanted to move from thier position. They weren't inside a particular building but were just between two buildings down an alleyway. She still wasn't sure about these people. If they could lie to the military, perhaps they would also happily silence them, for being down here and knowing about this place as well. 
 The problem was Logan, he still looked like he couldn't move. While she was thinking about what to do, it was too late to do anything anyway. 
 "Other there." A female voice said. "It looks like there are other people here. Heck, their kids aren't they." 
 The group quickly rushed over to students and were shocked at the state and just how young the students where. After seeing their uniform, they quickly figured out where they were from, the military. Something must have happened the group thought. 
 They were a group of five. All of them had beast gear covering thier body. The female was the first to approach them named Lilly, who also had a Bow on her back. Only hers looked a level higher then what Layla had. 
 Then there was a couple of bald-headed twins. Each of them didn't hold a weapon in thier hand, but there leg's were covered in thick boots, while the rest of thier leg's had light armour, it was a strange sight. They were called Rock and Pock. 
 There was then another man, who seemed to always be staying by the youngest looking person's side. He had a shield on his back with a sword sheathed by his waist. The man looked a little older than the others. It was as if he was assigned to look after the whole team, but after listening to them for a while. Layla quickly figured he wasn't the leader. It was the young man standing next to them. 
 The young man had brown wavy hair that was tied up in a ponytail. His weapon of choice was a spear that was as long as himself placed on his back. The most noticeable thing about him was the air around him. 
 It was full of confidence and one with a look of experience. When Layla looked at him, she was reminded of Leo. 
 "Im the leader Andre." the young man said. "What happened here, did you guys get attacked?" 
 "Quinn, move!" Vorden shouted. 
 As Andre asked the question, he had heard voices from down the street. When the group turned to look, they could see the three other students all fighting against a strange creature. 
 "Is that the beast you guys encountered before Andy?" Andre asked. 
 "No sir. That's something else. I've never seen that before." The older man Andy replied. 
 "It doesn't matter, they're in trouble and we need to slay the beast." 
 Then from the shadows, behind where the group had just come from. The sound of loud footsteps was heard. Out from the darkness slowly, a figure started to come out. 
 "Another beast, and it's a strong looking one. Turn around." Cia said in a panic. 
 But the group or travellers didn't look panicked at all. The strange beast looked a bit like a Lion, and was the same size as one. Its muscles could be seen as well but on its bottom half. Instead of a single tail, it carried several each one with a small flame at the end. 
 The lion approached Andre's side and started to lick him on the face. 
 "A tame beast?" Layla said. 
 "Thats right." Lilly replied. "You guy's don;t have to worry about a thing, we will get rid of that beast for you. For you see, our leader here, is from one of the big four families." 
 ***** 
 Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author's note. 
 For MVS artowrk follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 260 The Bree family 
 Seeing the leader of the travelers being able to control, and have a beast by his side like that. Meant that Andre must have been a member of the Bree family. This family wasn't any regular family, for they were one of the big four. 
 When looking at Andre though, Layla felt like it wasn't anyone she recognized. Although, those from the big four families, other than the leaders hardly any of the others were recognisable unless they had a bad reputation. 
 The Bree family were a bit unique compared to the other strong families and original families out there. Their ability had always existed only it wasn't as threatening as the others. Before earth started the exploration of beast planets, the Bree family were only able to tame one thing, the current animals on earth. 
 It was only after the exploration had started that their true power came to light. Beasts from other planets were a lot stronger than animals back on earth. Depending on their level and control of the ability, it allowed them to tame higher and lower level beasts. It would also affect the amount of beasts they could control at one time as well. 
 Their power was borrowed power in a way. They weren't the ones that did the actual fighting, or this is what others would think. It was the general thought between the public or those that had never seen a Bree before. 
 The Bree's were actually incredibly talented when it came to fighting. For when taming a stronger beast, one would have to show it was stronger than what it was trying to tame. There would be cases where this wasn't needed, but for the higher levels it was a different story. 
 With their incredible fighting skills and strong beasts they were able to work together, creating a powerful force and eventually climbed up the leader to be a part of the big four. Just relying on others powers wasn't enough to make it at the leaders table. 
 The group of travellers had already gone, Lily the archer had decided to stay behind to keep a close eye on the students. Just in case any other beasts appeared. 
 Layla wanted to say something, as she was sure Quinn didn't want Fex to be hurt and was trying to come up with a way to save him, but she couldn't think of a good explanation and they had already gone. 
 "Don't worry, my friends are strong." Lilly said with a smile. Trying to comfort the students. She thought they must have had such a terrible experience, fighting down here in the dark. 
 'That's what I'm worried about.' Layla thought. 'Because, my friends are strong as well.' 
 With all three of the boys standing around the Bloodsucker, it was confused with who to target. Suddenly, it started to sniff into the air like some type of hound. 
 "What's it doing?" Peter asked. Quinn thought the same thing but that's when he realised what a Bloodsucker really was. It was a starved vampire. It was unable to consume the blood of Peter and Quinn. So the only one there it would be interested in was Vorden. 
 "Vorden, run!" Quinn shouted as he tried to dash forward to his side. 
 But the larger spirit spear had worn off, and at most Vorden was able to produce two more spears, slowing down the beast by 20 percent. Even with this reduction it was still a lot faster then Quinn, and he would never be able to reach Vorden's side in time. 
 Seeing the Bloodsucker heading towards him gave him bad memories once again and he had frozen in place. Vorden hadn't felt fear like this in a long time. 
 "Sil, we need you!" Vorden shouted. 
 Trying to think quickly on his feet. Quinn took out the flask. He was hoping if he popped open the lid, the smell of blood would allow it to change its target. However, even before Quinn was able to do that, a strange lion like beast had jumped in between Vorden and the Bloodsucker. 
 As it pounced towards the Bloodsucker, it's flames on it's tails grew brighter. The two of them clashed in the center. Claw against paw and surprisingly, even to the beasts surprise, it was outpowered and pushed back. 
 It was chucked to the ground and rolled on the floor, before quickly picking itself up and growling loudly at the creature. 
 "Looks like you're going to need my help with this one cookie." The young man Andre held out his spear and stood by his lion's side. 
 "This is not the same beast we encountered before." Andy said. The others had now come and joined their leader in battle. "This beast is stronger than Cookie, not only that but it seems to be stronger than the king tier beasts we had met up with earlier." 
 When Andy and his group of companions came down before to fight against the king tier beast. They weren't strong enough to force it into a rage mode. This is why they believed the Bloodsucker was more powerful than the king tier beast. 
 When, both of them were fighting at their full power, they were actually even. 
 The two bald twins had appeared, one by Vorden's side, and the other by Peter's side. "You guys did well to survive against such a thing." One of them said. "But you can now leave it to us." the other said, ending the first one's sentance. 
 "We will take you back to your friends, follow us quickly as we must help our leader to fight." The twins were insistent,and before they could even reply, they were already trying to pull both Vorden and Peter out of the fighting area. 
 While being pulled along, Vorden was moving his head around the area. 'Where's Quinn? Wasn't he just on the other side. If he's hiding he has to have a reason.' Vorden thought. 
 However, when one of the twins tried to pull Peter, they were suddenly stopped. The twin yanked again and it felt like he was trying to move a large boulder. "What are you doing, why won't you move? If you stay here you will be killed." 
 Peter then looked back, in a certain direction, he waited a while before replying. "Okay, but don't touch me, or I might bite your hand off." 
 The twin was wondering, just who was this student. They had just come to save their lives and they were threatening them. Although he wanted to snap back. He knew they were only students and they must have gone through a lot, which was why Peter had responded the way he did. 
 The two boys were taken out of the area and now, Andre and Andy, felt like they could fight with no worry. 
 The Bloodsucker went towards the two in front of its eyes. It hadn't been injured much, but it was still starving from blood, as spit continued to drip from its mouth. 
 The first to move out of the two was Andy. He jumped forward and with his large shield and braced himself for an attack. Slowly, parts of the shield seemed to cover itself in reinforced earth. The core and metal part of the shield could still be seen but now the shield was twice the size and the outside covered in parts of earth. 
 The attack hit against the shield, breaking most of the earth away, but the shield was still perfectly intact. Still, the power of the strike caused Andy to slightly tumble himself, nearly falling to the ground but a hand was placed on his back stabilizing him. 
 "Im here." Andre said. 
 Instead of charging forward, the Bloodsucker could sense a slight vibration in the air and moved backwards, a few moments after and two slices of wind went past. 
 "How did he know it was coming?" One of the twins said. They had returned from escorting the kids to Lily and had used their wind abilities throwing out a kick and slice of wind. 
 "It looks like this beast has some level of intelligence." Andre said as he jumped up onto Andy's shoulder, before running on top of his shield and jumping right on the edge towards the beast. 
 From the side, Cookie, the lion beast pounced once again, the flames this time on its tail were even more brighter then before and when they clashed, neither one of them was falling back. 
 The Bloodsucker seemed to still be slightly stronger , but Andre just wanted it held there for a moment, as he thrusted his spear forward he was able to hit the creature right between the ribs. 
 Fex begin to scream in pain as the pointy object was jammed into him. Usually, his tough muscles would be able to form some type of protection. But seeing how easy it was able to penetrate him meant the weapon was one of a high level. 
 Andre let go of the spear, and was ready to hit it in further, digging it into the creature, trying to cause a serious wound but the second he let go, a large red line of arua had come from the side. 
 He didn't know what it was but he could sense it's power, and lent back narrowly avoiding the strike. 
 "Get away from my friend!" A strange robotic and deep voice sounded. 
 As the group turned to look at who had spoken those words. All they could see was a human figure dressed in a balck suit, wearing a demon mask that was covering its bottom jaw. While its eyes were white and shaped like a demon. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: Jksmanga. 
 Message in authors note. 

 
	 Chapter 261 An increase in power 
 After getting the last hit on the king tier beast and completing the quest. There wasn't much time for Quinn to check out the rewards, or see what he had obtained. 
 There was the problem with Fex, and shortly after the travellers appeared as well. 
 It seemed like the group was having problem after problem occur. Soon after seeing the travellers, he knew instantly how they would react to the seeing Fex. It was hard for them to even explain themselves out of the situation, since Fex was currently attacking them as w 
 However, Quinn felt like he had a way to solve their current issue only he didn't have much time to act. During the fight with the king tier beast, he hadn't done this action because they needed Fex in his blood sucker form. But Quinn still had the flask that Fex had given him. 
 Once he drunk the blood from the flask, it should be enough for his body to turn to normal. Right now, these travellers that were trying to help, were just getting in the way. Hiding himself in the shadows, Quinn started to think about his next move. 
 What he didn't expect to happen, was that the small group of travellers would be able to overpower the Bloodsucker. 
 After seeing him stabbed in the ribs and howling in pain, Quinn had had enough. 
 "I need to do something!" Quinn thought. 
 Although he didn't know what rewards he had received from the quest, there were two standout things he knew he had gotten without the need to read the system messages. 
 The first was his level. 
 [Level 18] 
 [10730/25600 exp] 
 [6 free stat points] 
 With each level a large amount of exp was required when leveling up, and from defeating one beast, Quinn was able to level up three more times. At the higher levels it would usually take a huge amount of time for one to level up. 
 But Quinn was fighting beasts several levels above what he should be capable of, it was something the system had never expected. 
 Before jumping in to help Fex, Quinn had made the quick decision to put all of his points into the charm stat. 
 [22 Charm points] 
 This unlocked the next tier in his charm, and straight away Quinn could tell they would be a difference when he next used it. When facing against humans, or those like them, he knew the best stat to increase was the charm stat. 
 His phantom punch had proven effective, and he also still contained the skills daze and influence. His speed was already great, and although he could increase his strength, based on the last fight, it was useless unless he also had the beast gear to go hand in hand with it. 
 This left the stamina and charm stat. For now, other than not being able to use the flash step freely, Quinn hadn't run into too many problems with his stamina. He still would have liked to increase both, but it made more sense to pore the points into his charm stat for this confrontation that was about to happen. 
 With no time to lose, Quinn needed to reveal himself from the shadows, targeting his blood swipe at the leader Andre. When the blood swipe left his hands though, he noticed that it was a lot more powerful and stronger than before. 
 This confirmed one of the other messages that Quinn had received. 
 [All blood related skills have increased by 1] 
 [Blood swipe level 3] 
 [Blood spray level 3] 
 [Crescent kick level 2] 
 [Blood bank level 2] 
 This was a huge improvement in power. It took a long time to level up his skills and Quinn was wondering if his blood bank would ever level up and it finally did. Although it wasn't much use right now, because it was empty. 
 "Why did you attack me, we are trying to get rid of this beast!? Andre said annoyed at the strange figure. It was clear the person who had attacked him was human so he didn't want to lash out immediately and decided to break down into peaceful negotiations. 
 There wasn't much time for chit chat though, for Fex had pulled out the spear in his side and threw it onto the ground. It swiped at Andre next to him again, but Andy was already by his side to block the attack with his shield once more. 
 The two twins were now coming up from behind and threw out two wind kicks, forming a sharp slice from the tip of their boots. 
 A few moments later and they could feel something run past them at an incredible speed. Quinn no longer had any MC points to use his shadow, so he could only rely on his blood skills for this one. 
 Catching up to the twins attack's, Quinn threw a quick kick from the side. 
 'Blood crescent kick!' A large red aura immediately consumed the twins attack and continued to go off into the darkness. 
 Annoyed at this, the twins continued to run forward. 
 "Stop getting." One of the twins said. "In our way." the other finished the other's sentence. 
 MAking sure to make eye contact with one of them, Quinn activated his daze skill. 
 [Daze ssessful] 
 One of the twins immediately stopped as they felt a chill run down the spine. They didn't know what it was but it was as if their body was being controlled. The other continued to run forward unaware of what was happening to the other. 
 Throwing out a fast punch, the twin was prepared to block the attack, lifting its two arms in an x-like shape, but the attack had never come. Suddenly, he felt a heavy fist in the stomach. 
 'Blood spray!' At the same time as the punch was released, Quinn used his blood spray at close range sending one of them flying backwards. By now the other had been released from the stun and came charging forward hoping to help out his brother. 
 A kick was released at an amazing speed. Using the power of the wind behind his kick, rather than releasing it as an attack at the end, he was able to speed up his attack considerably. 
 Seeing this, Quinn decided to match him toe to toe, throwing out a kick of his own just as fast. The two legs clashed mid air as both of their shins striked each other. 
 'Who is this person?' The twin thought. 'He's just as fast as me, and I have beast gear on as well as using my wind abilities. The gear he's wearing doesn't look like it's made from high level beasts. So what could it be?" 
 While in the middle of his thought, he could see a flurry of fists coming towards him. He had knocked away the first one and attempted to block the second moving his head to the side. Once again, just like with his brother, the attack that was meant to come had never come, and a fist came out from a different direction altogether, hitting him right on the head and knocking him down to the ground. 
 With this attack Quinn decided to not use his blood spray. 
 [22/95 HP] 
 Using the spray with his punches once in a while and the blood swipe, it would continuously lower his HP. It was the big downside of using the blood abilities. Still, with the phantom punch other than his mind feeling more tired as he used it, he had another skill he could rely on. 
 Both Andy and Andre, including the beast, were busy with Fex, but from the corner of their eye, they could see that the strange figure had easily dealt with two of their men. This had surprised Andre. 
 The two Quinn had dealt with, they weren't weak. They were strong, and had gone on countless orange planet expeditions. They were even able to survive and escape a confrontation with a king tier beast. 
 It was why Andre wasn't worried for them and continued to deal with the Bloddsucker, but he had never expected this. 
 Looking at Andre's fight against Fex, Quinn could tell he was strong. The three of them were evenly matched against him. Even with Quinn's speed increase and power increase, he wasn't as strong as Fex in his current form. 
 With the little Hp he currently had, ontop of no longer having any MC points to use his shadow ability. Quinn didn't want to do anythign stupid like confronting, Andre and Andy. 
 He quickly popped open the lid of the flask and straight away, he was able to smell the sweet aroma of blood coming from it. 
 "i hope this works." Quinn said, and just like that, Fex had turned his head, catching the same smell as Quinn. 
 Now this was the hard part, immediately Quinn started to run off in the direction of the tower, and closely behind him Fex chased after. The two of them went off down the street into the darkness. 
 Both of them were unable to be seen, for they were no longer in the sticky lights that Logan had shot on the street. 
 "Should we chase after the two of them sir?" Andy asked. 
 When looking at the two, Andre found it strange, it wasn't as if the creature was following the strange masked man like he was his master. Instead it looked like he was trying to kill him. 
 "Leave them be, we have to go back and check up on the students." Andre replied. 
 Quinn had continued to run full speed ahead, activating his wind walk boots, but he knew it would be useless with the great speed of the bloodsucker. The only thing he could do was run into buildings, to slow Fex down. 
 While Quinn was able to navigate smoothly through them. Fex would bang into several items, or just use his brute force to smash into them. 
 "This should be far enough." Quinn thought. In one of the abandoned buildings, there was a large room that was mostly empty. He quickly placed the flask on the floor and continued to run forward. 
 He was still unsure if Fex would continue chasing after him or go after the flask. When fex reached the flask on the floor, immediately using its clawed hands it picked it up and started shaking it and pouring it into its mouth, it didn't allow a drip of it to touch the floor. 
 Once the flask was completely empty, the Bloodsucker started to sway, as if he was drunk and was about to collapse on the floor, and soon after, he did. While looking at the body from a distance it looked like the body was starting to shrink. 
 "Well, I'm glad that's over with." Quinn said, while Fex was busy going back to his regular self, Quinn looked out the window and at the tower. It now was only a few buildings away. 
 "I wonder just what's inside there?" 

 
	 Chapter 262 Part 2 of the Ques 
 Deciding not to chase after the strange creature. Andre and Andy agreed to go over and check on the two twins. They were no longer on the floor in pain. Their armour had managed to take most of the damage. But still, the strikes and attacks they received were powerful enough to knock the two of them down. 
 "Who was that guy?" One of the twins said as he accepted Andre's hand as he stood up from the ground. 
 "I'm not sure, and I haven't seen that ability before either," Andre replied. "Most likely an original that's on this planet or an independent traveller." 
 "What? was it that strong that we haven't seen it before?" the other twin replied. 
 It was their job to know who was on the orange portal planet with them. After all, they would be working together and exchanging information while on the planet. They were sure that other than the military they held the second-highest position of power, as one of the big four on this planet. 
 There were other shelters around but these two were the most renowned, and where most civilians would take refuge due to its reputation. 
 "Hey, I think you better come and take a look at this!" Andy shouted others to the others. 
 The three of them prodded for long, but when their eyes made contact with what Andy was looking at, the two twins nearly keeled over from shock. 
 "Tha.. tha...That's the King-Tiered Beast we thought against before!" the twin shouted. 
 They had fought several times against the king beast as a team without Andre. So they knew the strength of the beast. They couldn't believe what had caused them so much trouble was now dead on the ground. 
 "What do you think happened?" Andy asked. 
 Andre then knelt beside the beast and started fleshing out certain parts of the beast's cadaver. They knew what he was doing, he was looking for the beast's crystal. Only after fleshing out several different areas of the body with his small dagger did he finally found the crystal. 
 It was located where the human heart would be, slightly to the left from the middle of the chest. 
 The extracted crystal didn't look like common at all. It was clearer and wasn't as murky and cloudy as lowered-tiered crystals, but there was something far different in this crystal. It was the fact that it didn't radiate any light nor sheen at all. 
 Usually, an extracted beast crystal would give off a glow, it would pulsate with energy as if the crystal was a living being. However, the crystal in Andre's hands didn't give off any light at all. 
 "I'm surprised... There's still a crystal inside? How come it wasn't extracted?" One of the twins said. 
 "Perhaps it was killed recently," Andy replied. "Also, the fact that there is no glow would suggest that the beast had gone into a type of rage mode." 
 Hearing this the two twins gulped. They remembered how tough and frightening it was to fight this beast without it going into a type of rage mode. To be honest, the two felt that they were lucky to be alive fighting against such a beast. 
 "Perhaps that creature and the strange man from before were the ones that killed it?" Andy said, "They were the only ones here at the time." 
 "No," Andre replied. "There were others here as well." While saying this, Andre looked into the direction, of Vorden and the others. 
 When they had arrived, it seemed like they were in combat with the strange creature. "They were here before us and they might have seen something, they might have some answers for us." 
 **** 
 On the cold floor of an abandoned building, Fex could be seen lying on the floor. Snoring sounds would occasionally come out of his mouth as well as some nasal sounds that indicated he was in deep sleep. 
 Quinn didn't want to wake him up. He had gone far and beyond for the safety of others. It was a risky move he had pulled turning into the bloodsucker and he wasn't sure he could have done such a selfless act himself. 
 "Maye vampires aren't as bad as you say," Quinn said to the system. 
 "The boy I am not worried about." the system replied. "Just like with humans, not every human is bad, but right now the situation you are in is. This is because of those at the top, and sadly the same could be said for the vampires." 
 Thankfully Quinn was able to hide his identity using the costume and mask Logan had created for him. Also, Fex was unrecognisable as the bloodsucker. He had his uniform on, but in the fight with the King-tiered beast, it was badly damaged and had been rendered unrecognizable. 
 The travellers looked like they were trying to help Vorden and Peter. Once Fex woke up, Quinn would go and try to meet up with them before they left the cave. 
 But before all of that, there was still one thing he wanted to check out before leaving. 
 The Tower. 
 There were a few reasons for this and it was because of a few things the system had granted him after completing his last quest. 
 Finally, with Fex sleeping away... Quinn had a chance to look at all the rewards other than the EXP and the blood ability increase he had received. 
 With the blood skills increase, all his attacks related to blood skills had gotten stronger but the most impressive of them was the blood bank. It now was able to store double the amount of blood at 200ml. 
 Ten ML of blood restored 5HP. 
 Which meant if his blood bank was filled to the brim. It would allow Quinn to restore 100 points of HP. This was one of his most important skills as it often gave him a second chance during fights. 
 [Quest reward: Unlock one ability skill ] 
 When looking at this it seemed to be related to the shadow ability skill. Regardless of cost, Quinn was now able to unlock any of his remaining shadow skills. There were five skills still greyed out and unable to be selected. 
 But one of these skills costs a total of fifty skill points to unlock named ShadowEater. With only 30 skill points he was unable to unlock the skill before but now he could. 
 [New skill: Shadow Eater unlocked] 
 He would look at the details of the skill later. 
 With every new skill, Quinn needed to master it first before using it in a fight. Now wasn't the time and there were a few more notifications the system had given him. 
 He was a bit upset when he found out that he wasn't able to grab the King-tiered beast crystal, but in return, it seemed like the system had given him something else. 
 [ Small Blood crystal (1) Obtained ] 
 "That is a very rare item, although you have no use for it now, I suggest you store it in your system for safe-keeping." The system said, refusing to expand on any details. But hearing the system say such a thing was precious still placed a smile on Quinn's face. 
 The last two notifications were the strangest, as they were;t rewards for completing the quest. 
 Instead, they were new quests altogether. 
 [Quest: Reach level 20 for next evloution] 
 [Reward: Next evolution Vampire noble] 
 [Additnal rewards will be revealed once rank has been reached.] 
 Quinn had suspected that the next stage of his evolution process would be when he reached level 20, and the system seemed to have confirmed it. It seemed to have appeared now due to the fact that Quinn was very close to achieving that level, now being level 18. 
 When asking about Fex, He seemed to remember the system saying Fex was somewhere between a vampire and a vampire noble. Not quite at the next stage yet. Did this mean that he was now stronger, or just as strong as Fex? 
 It was clear that there were some differences, in terms of certain skills and abilities, but Quinn didn't believe his shadow ability was any weaker, then Fex's string ability. 
 Finally, the last notification. 
 [ Quest Part 1/2 ] 
 [ The king has been defeated and now the tower is left unprotected. Search the tower and discover what treasure it was trying to protect!] 
 Suddenly, groaning sounds rang out from behind. It looked like Fex was starting to wake up. 
 "What the hell happened?" Fex said, looking around at where he was. He then looked down and noticed the flask on the floor. Images of when he was the Bloodsucker started to appear in his head and he remembered everything that happened. 
 "You saved me?" Fex said. 
 "Come on, I can explain while we're making our way over," Quinn replied. 
 "Over where?" 
 "To the tower." 
 **** 
 Follow on Instagram for MVS artwork: jksmanga 
 Author's note. 

 
	 Chapter 263 Just go to the toile 
 The group of travelers had regrouped and were heading towards the students. Lily had been watching the fight carefully and wanted to join in, but she knew her duty was to stay by the students side, in case anything happend. There weren't many strong creatures in the underground tunnels. Other than the hounds and the king tier beast. They hadn't run into anything else down here. 
 Still, that didn't mean there was nothing. Also, the group was unaware of just how strong these students they were protecting really were. 
 As she saw the two twins walking over still groggy, she rushed over to their side. "Are you both alright, I saw what happened, just who was that guy?" She asked as she gave her shoulder to one of the bald headed twins. 
 "That's what we want to know as well." Andre replied. "You students, you're uniform, I assume you are from one of the military bases out on an outing. Second years right?" 
 "Actually we're first years." Cia replied, going over to the travelers side. She still hadn't grown fond of the others. Especially since Pio had tried to kill her not too long ago and she didn't know why, but she had the strangest feeling that he was looking at her in a weird way. 
 Every so often her eyes would meet his. When this usually happend, one person would find the whole thing awkward and turn their head , but when it happend with her and Pio. He would continue to stare into her, as if he was picturing something. It gave her the shivers and she was a lot more trusting of the new travellers. 
 "It's a good thing we came in time then." Andy replied. "What are the military thinking sending in first years, have the times really gotten that desperate?" 
 "Well, if you look at the structures around us perhaps." Andre said. "I wanted to ask you guys, what happened? The king tier beast on the ground, did you see what happened to it and do you know what that other creature was, and last of all? What about the strange Demon masked man?" 
 Peter, Vorden and Layla wanted to keep their mouths shut. They were tired from the battle and worried if they were to explain things now, they might let something slip up. On the other hand, saying nothing would make them seem suspicious. 
 The others looked in Vorden's direction, he was usually the best when it came to coming up with things. They all gave the nod confirming he would be the one to come up with the story, but just as he was about to speak, Cia had chimed in. 
 "That king tier beast, it was killed by..." Cia had seen who had delivered the last blow. Although Fex was the strange creature that had mostly injured it. She had seen that it was actually Quinn who had killed it. 
 "It was killed by me." Another voice interrupted before Cia was able to finish her sentence. 
 "Logan are you okay?" Layla asked. 
 "I'll live." Logan replied. His wounds on the outside had healed up from the little robots, but his ribs still hurt a little as he breathed in. He then walked over to the travelers and lifted up showing his wrist watch reavilling he was a level 8. 
 "It took everything I had with the help of my friends here, but we were finally able to kill the king tier beast. Right after, that strange creature had appeared and had taken me out of the fight, leaving the others to fight for themselves. As for the strange person who appeared at the end. Your guess is as good as ours. He only appeared when you guys saw him as well." 
 Andre started to think about Logan's words. They were convincing and the power level on his watch was even more convincing, but what had convinced him more than anything was the starne round circular contraption that was on top of his hands. He noticed straight away that they were used to create energy weapons. 
 With the use of an energy weapon, what Logan had said would be quite achievable. Especially as a level 8 ability user. Also it was hard to imagine why the students would even lie in this type of situation, when they had seen first hand the creature trying to kill them. 
 On the other hand, there was also Cia. She didn't know who the masked man was while the others did but what she did know, was Fex was the one who had turned into a monster,and Quinn was nowhere to be seen after killing the king tier. 
 She wasn't complelty stupid. Quinn had been using the red aura attacks, and the masked man had done the same. Most likely Quinn was trying to protect Fex. 
 The question was, if Logan was lying and covering for them, it meant he also knew about all the secrets this group had and were hiding. 
 'Should I tell the travellers the truth?' Cia thought. It was a hard one for her, but in the end after looking at Logan she decided not to. 
 It was her way of returning the favour, not only had she actually been saved by Quinn, but also she had been saved by Logan earlier but with this, they were even. If anything else came up she wouldn't hesitate to tell the others but for now she would keep the secret. 
 "Okay, I've decided then." Andre said. "let's take them back to the shelter. Their teachers must be worried about them." 
 "But what about the tower?" Andy replied. 
 "The tower can wait, it will still be here after we return the students. Besides, I feel like we have made a mistake in not informing the military in what was down here. Now the lives of students and perhaps others have been harmed when we could have prevented it." 
 Andy looked annoyed, they had been fighting for days, trying to defeat the king tier beast and finding out just what was down here. If it was some unknown powerful Dalki technology and the military got their hands on something powerful, it could ruin the balance of the leaders table. 
 When looking at the injured students, he felt like Andre was right. His leader was always right, even if he was sometimes too kind. 
 The students and the group of travellers started to head out of the small town. While doing so, Vorden and Layla would constantly look around hoping to find Quinn and Fex, coming out at some point but after several minutes of walking, they were nowhere to be seen. 
 'I hope you bring me a nice souvenir to work on from that tower Quinn.' Logan thought. He didn't think Quinn was dead, something was telling him that Quinn was also interested in the strange tower and he hoped Quinn would discover it's secrets and bring back something for him to work on. 
 While Logan was deep in the thought, he felt a slight nudge to his side. 
 "Logan, I don't think I can hold it in for much longer." Peter said, as he held his hand on his stomach. 
 "What, if you want to go to the toilet just go. It's too dark here anyway, nobody will see anything." Logan replied. 
 "No it's not that." 
 Hearing those words, Logan knew straight away what Peter meant. He was hungry. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 264 Blood Brothers 
 Before heading off to the tower, Quinn made sure of two things. The first thing was that his MC points were fully restored. Fex had been out for a while, so they only needed to wait a little longer before starting their journey again. 
 The second thing was that he was fully equipped with all his equipment. Of course, that included his suit which was made by Logan. He wore this as normal, all apart from the head part, only allowing his eyes to come through. 
 The suit was easily adjustable, and at any time, Quinn could quickly lift up the hood to cover the top part of his head quickly. And that's why it wasn't a problem for him if he wanted to hide his identity from others. The reason for him doing this was because he no longer had his blood bank. 
 His second chance. In all of his fights so far, he had always relied on the blood bank to help him in his time of need. There was no more blood in the flask. Fex had consumed all of it, and in doing so, it looked like his wounds were healing too. 
 The armour that Logan created gave him some additional defence. Although it wasn't much, every little increment would help, and this was his reason for putting it on. They were about to head to the tower, and if the guard outside was that strong, Quinn feared that perhaps there was an even stronger guard inside. 
 If that was the case, he wouldn't even bother fighting and abandon the quest. No matter how curious he was, or how good the reward for the quest was, it wasn't worth his life. 
 "Are you all ready, then?" Quinn asked Fex. 
 While they were waiting for both Fex's wounds to heal and Quinn's MC points to return, Fex was troubled in his thoughts. This whole time, he was thinking about Quinn. 
 "Quinn, wait," Fex said as he rushed over and bowed down on one knee with his fist on the floor. 
 "Whoa, what's this all about?" Quinn asked, shocked by Fex's actions. 
 "I have to do this, please. Quinn, you saved my life. I remember everything that happened while I was the Bloodsucker. When those travellers came and found me, you were already safe. The king tier beast was dead and the only thing that was trying to kill you all was me." 
 "I knew it was a risk turning into that thing, but it was the only thing I could think of at the time. When you saw that I was hurt and you were all safe, you risked your life. You fought against those travellers and risked me chasing after you. Finally, you used the flask that I had given you to save me." 
 After saying these words, Fex punched the ground in anger. Quinn didn't quite understand this action, but he was sure it was because he was angry at himself. 
 This whole time, he had been getting closer to Quinn for one reason, to save his own behind. If he was ever to be found out by his own clan, then Fex's idea was to turn Quinn in as one of the shadow users. With this information that he had brought to the leader, his father, the punishment he would receive for running to the human world without permission would be light. 
 While Quinn, he had never thought about abandoning him. He had even risked his life going against a group that was able to outmatch him even as a Bloodsucker. Fex no longer cared about how he was able to do it, or why he seemed to keep growing stronger. 
 He just had this feeling of guilt over his heart that he wanted to get rid of. 
 "I know I said this before, but seriously. If there is anything you need help with, don't hesitate to ask. I am on your side, Quinn." 
 Quinn didn't know what to say. These actions seemed out of the blue to him. Someone who was never serious since the day he had met him, was suddenly being very serious. 
 At the time, Quinn had only done what he felt was right. Fex had risked his life to save the whole group. What right did he have to die by the hand of strangers? 
 Still, seeing him like this, Quinn didn't know why, but he naturally walked over to Fex and extended his hand. Fex, in return, naturally took it and lifted himself up. 
 "We're blood brothers from now on." Fex said with a smile. "We may not be related by blood, but I will treat you just as if you were apart of my family." 
 "And I will do the same," Quinn said with a smile. 
 The two of them then headed off for the tower and while on their way, they were both cautious with their footsteps. Then again, Quinn was a little less worried than Fex seemed to be. 
 Judging by the text of the quest from earlier and the information it had given him, the quest indicated that the strongest beast outside of the tower was king tier. 
 If the information was correct, it meant that there was nothing else outside of the tower that was stronger than the king beast. Still, that also meant there was the possibility of them running into advanced or intermediate tier beasts. Although they would be able to do something since they're together, with no blood and no humans around, it would be risky going into battle after battle. 
 After slowly creeping their way towards the tower, by going through buildings, rather than go down the open street towards the tower, it seemed like they hadn't seen a single beast on their way there. 
 This included the hounds they had first seen when they arrived. 
 'Is it the strange crystals from the top of the tower, or did the other beast just stay away from this place because of the king tier beast?' Quinn thought. 
 Finally, they had arrived at the location of the tower. 
 The street that led to it finally ended and there was now a large empty ring of space surrounding before the tower. The circle had several paths leading off towards other streets surrounded with buildings, but nothing apart from the tower stood alone in the centre. 
 The crystals shone brightly at the top and gave off a slightly blue hue to the area below it. When looking at the houses and each others' faces, it looked quite beautiful and peaceful, Quinn thought. 
 He could see some pluses of living in a place like this, despite it being away from the sunlight. 
 'Maybe I am becoming more like a vampire if I think a place like this is nice to live,' he thought. 
 "We can take out some time exploring if you're worried," Fex said as he saw Quinn admiring the tower. 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn replied. 
 'I just thought you might be worried. The others would leave with those travellers. More than likely, they already know of an exit. I asked my little Ham, to follow them from above. Once he knows where the exit is, he'll come and find me." 
 "Ham, is that the little flying bull from earlier?" Quinn was quite interested in the companion, wondering if he was able to get something like that himself. 
 "Yeah. Good name, right?" 
 Ignoring Fex's last words, Quinn continued to walk up to the tower. There was a single large double door with an arched entrance. The door was engraved with strange patterns, all of which Quinn had seen in images before when learning about the dalki architecture. But right now, he wasn't too sure if it was Dalki-related or vampire-related. 
 On the door in the centre was a circular hole that seemed to go a few inches deep. 
 "It's a lock," Fex said. "These doors, I've seen them in my own castle before. They're impossible to open without some type of key or mechanism. Also, don't even think about trying to break it. Trust me, they're meant to even withstand attacks from the vampire leaders." 
 "Doesn't that mean that there really is something important behind here?" Quinn asked. 
 "Yeah, but I don't know what," Fex replied. 
 Going up to the door, Quinn decided to try and give it a push using all his strength. He was half expecting it to do something, but just like Fex had informed him, it wasn't budging at all. It was hard to imagine while watching Quinn trying his hardest to push the door open that he had some type of super strength. 
 "I told you it was pointless, man. I hate to say it, but perhaps this was a wasted trip after all. Let's just rest somewhere nearby and wait for Ham, and then we can get out of here," Fex shouted. 
 Just as Quinn was about to agree and head off, the system had something to say. 
 "Don't give up yet," the system said. "Do you remember that red blood crystal you received from defeating the king tier beast? Why don't you place that on the door and see what happens?" 
 The system seemed to know more about this place than it was letting on. Doing as the system said, Quinn took out the red blood crystal from his inventory and placed it in the strange hole inside the door. 
 Fex, who was seeing this, was wondering just what he was doing, but a few moments later, the sounds of mechanical locks from behind the door being unlocked were made. 
 Gears started to shift and the doors started to pull inwards, opening up a way inside the tower. 
 "Are you coming?" Quinn asked. 

 
	 Chapter 265 A split in paths 
 Up in the air, hovering far above while looking down at the fairly large town, was Ham. It was slowly following the group of students, along with the travellers seeing just where they were heading. 
 It was high enough in the sky, so the light source on their beast gear was unable to reach Ham. Then again, with his eyesight, he was able to see them quite well in the dark anyway. 
 "I hope Master is okay," Ham said as he sniffled and allowed the large snot from his nose to lift up. He had been crying nearly the whole time, thinking about the possibility of Fex leaving him. 
 He sniffed one time, hoping to bring the snot up back up from his nose. However, while doing so, he did it just a little too late, allowing a droplet to fall from above. 
 *Splat 
 A small drop of liquid was felt on one of the bald twins head. 
 "Is it raining in here?" he said as he wiped the wet mark from his head. 
 "You idiot. We're underground. Of course, it isn't raining. There's probably a river above or condensation or something," the other twin said. 
 As the group was walking, Logan and Peter made sure to stay at the back. However, Lily continued to stay behind the entire group as a type of guard, just in case anything would appear. 
 Now, Peter's pace was starting to slow a little as he was being more affected by his hunger. 
 "Peter, how long can you hold out? Until we get outside, I might be able to to do something by then," Logan whispered. 
 Peter, immediately looked up at Logan from his bent down position. He didn't say anything. Instead, his eyes were starting to show a slight tint of red in them. 
 "Okay. Looks like you won't last that long." Looking around, Logan was trying to rack his brain at every option possible. 
 Finally, the group had reached one of the tunnels that led out of the city from the streets. While looking at all the tunnels around them, Logan thought the place resembled an ant's nest with the many branching tunnels in the end all leading to one destination. 
 While walking through the tunnels, Logan had come up with an idea that perhaps would enable Peter to feed away from everyone. But before executing the idea, he needed to get some information. 
 "So with all these tunnels, how do you guys know the way out?" Logan asked. 
 "These tunnels are like a maze and they either seem to loop to each other, or all end up going back to the original town we just left from," Andy replied. "In the end, we never found an exit, so we decided to create our own. One of the tunnels we marked ourselves. When we noticed the blue crystal lights, we placed red lights by the tunnel we created ourselves that led up to the surface." 
 With the answer on how to leave the place, Logan could now execute his plan. The other students, including Logan, had actually come down the tunnels via the strange plant-like beast. 
 Logan had scanned the place before coming down, so he knew there was a space between the surface and the ground they were currently on and was prepared for it. But even Peter had broken his legs when dropping from such a height, and he had a stronger structure than a regular human. 
 It was a sad thought, but some of the other students were consumed by the strange plant-like beast. A few of them were most likely unable to make it and had fallen to their death. Unless they had an ability that could save them, this would be the case. 
 All Logan needed to do was to make them split up with the others and search through the tunnels for one of these dead students that Peter could feed on. It wouldn't be too strange if the teachers found a student's corpse half-eaten. Beasts would do these type of things all the time. 
 Finally, the group had exited from the tunnel and entered another larger section with several more tunnels. 
 The second they entered the room though, Peter loudly screamed as if he was in pain. 
 It seemed too sudden. By Logan's predictions, they should have had more time. Looking around the room though, he had soon spotted the cause. 
 His theory was right, some students really had fallen to their death after being consumed by the plant because there was a couple of students in front of them, their bodies mangled on the ground. 
 The smell and sight of the students had caused a reaction inside of him. If he hadn't seen them, then perhaps they really would have had more time. 
 Not knowing what to do, Logan rushed towards Peter with his suit still on and picked him up from the ground. 
 If it wasn't for the suit he was wearing, Logan wouldn't have been able to even pick up Peter due to the size difference. While lifting him and placing him above his shoulder, Peter remained motionless in the same position, not even moving his hands but continued to groan. 
 Right now, he was using every bit of energy and was concentrating on not lashing out and going towards the students. But even more so, he didn't want to bite his friend Logan, who was carrying him right now. 
 Logan continued to run with Peter on his shoulder, picking a tunnel at random. 
 "Wait, what are you doing!?" Lily shouted, concerned for them. 
 The others had already gone over to inspect the other students to see if they were still alive and anything they could do. However, it was too late. 
 Unaware of the commotion going on behind them, they only realised something was happening when Lily had shouted out to them. 
 "Wait!" Lily shouted out again, genuinely concerned for the two, so she decided to chase after them. 
 Suddenly, Logan's hand had transformed into one of his blasters. He aimed it at the ceiling and blasted it away, causing the tunnel to crumble down, blocking the path between them. 
 It wouldn't stop them, especially with their powers, but Logan wasn't hoping for that. He had analysed their leader Andre, and he was quite a smart man. Hopefully, him seeing Logan do these actions would suggest that something was up, knowing they didn't want to be followed. With his cautious nature, he would suggest for them to first go back and hand over the students before returning and Logan was right. 
 "We should go after them," Lilly suggested. She was genuinely concerned for the students safety. Especially since she was the only one that heard one of the students make a strange noise before everything had happened, and she codlin;t help but wonder if they were related. 
 "No," Andre replied. "Couldn't you see it? The other student caused the tunnel to collapse on purpose. They wanted to split up for us for whatever reason. For now, it's best if we leave that mystery unsolved and head back to the base. The students must be scared out of their minds after seeing what they have seen today." 
 The group continued to walk through the tunnels, while also instructing the students to look away from the dead bodies. Cia tired to stay strong but continued to put her hand over her mouth and eyes as she caught glimpses of the bodies. But the others walked past them with more ease than her. 
 Andre, seeing this, made a mental note. It was as if Vorden and Layla had seen death before. The normal reaction to such a thing would be similar to what Cia had done. 
 "Why do you think they ran off?" Layla asked Vorden. 
 "If I was to guess, it would have something to do with Peter again. Logan wouldn't put his neck out on the line like that for no reason." 
 "Do you think Logan will be okay again? What if Peter's gotten hungry again and tries to eat Logan?" 
 Vorden couldn't help but chuckle at Layla's suggestion. 
 "Impossible. Trust me, by now, you should have been able to tell. Logan is not the one to worry about if the two of them got into a fight. It's Peter." 
 Although that might have been the case before. Logan had used up several of his trump cards in the fight against the king tier beast. He was also slightly injured from the battle, and lastly, Quinn had grown stronger from the fight. Which meant, Peter had too. 

 
	 Chapter 266 A tomb 
 Excitement started to enter through not only Quinn's body, But Fex's as well. They both continued to watch the double doors open inward slowly. Throughout Fex's life, he had seen these doors placed not only in his castle, but the other vampire leaders' castles as well. 
 Everytime Fex would ask about what was behind these doors, they would tell him it was none of his business. This of course, just made Fex want to know more about what was behind the doors but everything he did, he could never find a way to open one of them and eventually gave up. 
 Once the doors had finished opening, at the same time, several torches from inside the tower started to light up, one by one as if it was leading and showing the two where to go. 
 "Come on, we have got to check this out!" Fex said, already leading the way and walking forward onto the litten up path. 
 Quinns still possessed the blood crystal in his hand. When inserting it into the door, it only required him to place it. He found even after taking it out, the doors still remained open. This was good for he was hoping that he might be able to use the crystal for something else. To make a weapon or something in the future. 
 Placing it back into his system, he quickly followed after Fex who was already quite away now, after a single step into the tower, the system had popped up with another message. 
 [You have entered a Vampire tomb] 
 [Quest: Explore the tower is now in progress] 
 'A vampire tomb? As in a dead vampire's grave.' Quinn thought. "System did you know what this was?" 
 "I had my gesses but I couldn't be so sure." the system replied. "Remember in my time the only place we called home was earth. I did not know about places outside of earth. There are two things I should warn you about before you proceed. 
 "First, a vampire tomb doesn't necessarily mean a vampire is dead. A vampire can choose to go into eternal slumber, which is similar to death but not the same. If they are one of quite high position or of importance to people, one of these towers will be created for them. 
 "Eternal slumber means a vampire has chosen to go to sleep forever themselves, it's a permanent state and there is only one way to be woken up from it. By consuming blood from someone of the same family. They do not need to be related by blood but only contain the same blood. An example of this is if you were to go into eternal slumber, then Peter would be able to wake you up with his own blood, as he is a part of your family but Fex's blood would be useless." 
 "Are there usually guards in these types of places?" Quinn asked, still worried they might encounter something. 
 "Usually,I would say not, Could you imagine asking someone to look over such a place and for how long? They could be in the tower for a very long if so. I would be bored out of my mind staying in such a dull place. My guess is two things. Either the vampire was a powerful one and his magic was so great he was able to convince the king tier beast to act as a guard. 
 "In order to keep it under its control for so long, it handed the blood crystal which you obtained after defeating the beast. My second guess would be after the beast found the blood crystal, it was compelled to this area. Something was telling it there was something powerful inside and it didn't know how to use it, at the same time it couldn't leave this place due to its curiosity of power." 
 Both things sounded possible. What Quinn didn't want it to be was some ancient powerful vampire that had decided to go to sleep on another planet somewhere. At least there was no chance for Quinn to wake it up. 
 He was human, and he was his own family member. His blood couldn't be used to wake up any vampire. With this, Quinn decided to carry on forward. If this was a grave, then maybe just like pharaohs did of the past, they would bury themselves with their treasures. 
 Excited by this prospect, he started to jog after Fex who had gone quite away ahead. 
 After they both followed the torches down the path, it eventually led them to a large staircase leading upward. 
 "If these stairs lead all the way to the top. Then it's going to be a painful walk all the way up." Fex said. 
 They had no choice and started their climb. It wasn't as hard as Quinn initially thought, the stairs were many and if it was Quinn before he had turned into a vampire, he would've had to take several breaks. 
 The two of them powered through the mainy stairs and didn't really feel tired, however, they did feel like the stairs would go on forever and were wondering when they would end. Finally the stairs had leveled out onto a platform and another large door could be seen. 
 It was the same size as the one at the entrance only this one didn't have a strange lock like mechanism. Up ahead, after the platform, where even more stairs leading up suggesting they hadn't reached the top yet. 
 "Maybe we should check it out before we continue going upward?" Quinn suggested. "Wouldn't want to miss out on anything." 
 "Agreed." Fex replied. 
 With a strong push, the doors opened. They were heavy, but with the two of them they were able to swing the door open. Just like when they opened the door below. Torches around the room suddenly lit up. 
 Instead dof lighting up a path, this time, the whole room was lit up. It was a fairly large square room but at the same time it was nearly completely bare. There was nothing inside the room apart from five podiums in the center of the room. 
 Each podium had an item on them. They were pieces of armour, a chest piece, a leg piece, an arm piece, and a helmet. Lastly on the final podium was a ring. 
 The armour had a strange medieval design to it, and didn't look like any of the beast gear Quinn had ever seen. It looked almost like knightly armour, only with points and such at the end, while red in colour. 
 If Dragons existed, this is what Quinn would imagine armour being made from a red dragon would look like. 
 "I can't believe it." Fex said. "This is really ancient old vampire combat armour. I've only seen these things in books. Not even our castle has a set like this." 
 Fex slowly walked over to the items, afraid that there might be traps around the room, while heading over to the podium he carefully placed each foot but found no such thing. The first podium he arrived at wasn't any of the pieces of armour, instead it was the ring. 
 "This looks like the one i'm wearing but slightly different. Maybe you can wear this." Fex said as he picked up the ring of the podium. In an instant, the room felt like it was starting to shake. 
 "What did you do!" Quinn complained. 
 "Nothing, I just picked up the ring. I was sure there were no traps." When Fex finished saying those words. A strange circular cylinder like shape, lifted up from the podium and covered each of the items. The cylinder went all the way up to the ceiling of the room they were in. 
 Once the cylinders were formed the vibrations had stopped, and it didn't seem like anything else was going to happen. 
 Looking at the strange metal cylinder, Fex gave it a knock a few times. "Damn it, there's no way we can get that equipment now. This material is the same thing the door down below is made from." 
 Seeing what had just happened, Quinn could only assume the other items were locked away once Fex had picked up the ring. Perhaps the same thing would have happened after touching any of the items. Maybe the Vampire who slept here was giving them a choice. A reward for discovering the place, but rather than give them everything, he gifted them a single piece of his treasure. 
 "Here." Fex said as he threw the ring over to Quinn. 
 He caught the ring in the air and took a look at it. 
 "It's yours." Fex said. "I already have one, and I feel like an idiot for touching the ring before making sure everything was okay. If we were only allowed to take one item, then I might have just picked the sukiest out of them all." 
 [Inspect] 
 [A king tier blocking ring] 
 [When used on a vampire, it will completely block the effects of sunlight, as long as the ring is worn.] 
 Seeing the description of the ring, Quinn realised Fex must have made a mistake thinking the ring was the same because it wasn't. Fex's ring was an advanced level ring that was able to block out the sunlight for 3 hours at a time and he would have to go back inside to allow it to recharge. 
 But this ring had no such effect. It would allow Quinn to stay in the sun without getting any of the bad side effects as long as it was worn. There was no time limit. 
 With this ring, the one weakness Quinn possessed had disappeared. A huge smile went over his face as he quickly placed the ring on. 
 "I wonder what else is in this tower?" He thought. 

 
	 Chapter 267 The top of the tower 
 Turning his head back and looking down the tunnel from where they had come from, Logan could see that the others had chosen not to follow him. His plan that he made with his quick thinking had obviously worked. 
 Even with Peter on his shoulder, he never slowed down. He continued to run down the tunnel until they had eventually reached an open space that had a lot of different paths and tunnels for them to choose from. It was similar to one of the areas where they just came from. 
 The only difference with this open space was that there weren't any dead students littered about. 
 "Let go of me!" Peter shouted with his eyes now fully red, glowing in the dark. His mouth opened wide revealing his teeth which had grown sharper and larger. 
 Feeling the weight on his shoulder shifting about. Logan could tell that something was up and immediately threw Peter off his shoulder and slammed him onto the ground. The impact was rough as Logan didn't manage to hold himself back. 
 This was because he could feel the strength of Peter and he knew that he couldn't hold back any of his power. If the two were to get into a scuffle over strength, Logan was sure he wouldn't win. 
 Lifting his head from the ground, Peter managed to get a glimpse of Logan who now had his blaster held out pointing it towards him. In return, Peter gave out a type of snarl, and deep angry growl. 
 "You're still in there right, Peter?" said Logan. 
 Hearing his own name coming out of Logan's mouth seemed to have calmed him down a little. But Peter suddenly started to seize, his body furiously shook as he trashed around on the floor. While doing so, the glow in his eyes seemed to have significantly dimmed. 
 Seeing Peter hurt himself like this. Logan couldn't help but feel sad. It was clear that Peter didn't enjoy this and didn't want to eat him. Instead, he was desperately fighting that primal urge. 
 He was starting to wonder if he had made a mistake and should have allowed Peter to eat that girl they had first met. 
 Looking for some kind of a solution, Logan picked out and held out his altered hand scanner. He had made his own personal alterations to the scanner given by the school. The one he had was able to cover a wider range and it was what led him to find the underground town in the first place. 
 If it just worked, then he would be able to scan the tunnels and find out where the other deceased students were located. Instead of walking through blindly and playing their chances, they would at least have some benchmark as to where they should go… 
 But for some reason, ever since coming down underground, the scanner was useless. 
 "Why won't you work!" 
 Logan said and Peter was now standing in front of him with his head facing down towards the ground. It was unknown whether he had recovered his sanity or if he was already taken over by his hunger and primal urge. 
 **** 
 Meanwhile, on the other side... 
 After Quinn and Fex realized that there was nothing the two of them could do to retrieve their items, they decided to cut their losses and leave the room. They had tried attacking the strange cylinder and even tried to dig underneath the ground. 
 However, the black substance that made up the whole tower was also incredibly strong, just as strong as Gatherum. It would take nearly their entire strength just to break apart small pieces of the tower and understandably, it would take them a few days to make the slightest progress. 
 If one day… 
 They discovered a way to easily break the metal cylinder or the black substance that surrounded the tower, then he could always return and grab the pieces of armour. 
 As they left the room, they continued to ascend the stairs upwards, and at the same time Fex, couldn't stop apologising to Quinn, for being rash and picking up the ring which caused them to lose their chances of retrieving the other items. 
 He was actually unaware of how much of a good mood Quinn was in right now for receiving the ring. 
 He no longer would have to look strange carrying an umbrella around with him beneath the scorching sun. 
 Also, when fighting, he no longer needed to rely on the suit. But of course, Quinn was happy he had the suit. Now, it was being used more on when he wanted to fight using it and hiding his abilities, rather than a device to block out the sun. 
 Finally, after a long walk up, they had reached a platform. It was the final platform. As they also noticed the ceiling above. The ceiling also had several pieces of the blue crystals sticking from underneath. 
 When seeing the crystals, Quinn's greed wanted him to take all the crystals and sell them when he got back, but it would have been difficult anyway, unless he could fly to reach and pull out the crystals. It would also waste an incredible amount of time for him. 
 On the final platform, was another large, arch-shaped double door like the one before. It also had no lock and all the two needed to do was push it open with their two hands. 
 Just like every room they had entered before, the lights started to light up one by one, revealing what the room looked like. 
 From the door to the center room, was a large red carpet... 
 It reached the center where there was a very large circle on the ground. The pattern on the circle was similar to that on the door they had first seen. Only there didn't seem to be anywhere for the blood crystal to be put in. 
 Past this, was more red carpet on the other end of the circle, which continued forward until it eventually reached a large chair. 
 "Who the hell was this vampire?" Fex said. "It seems like he might have had a little of an ego. Did he think he was a king or something?" 
 There was only one Vampire King or Queen, so Fex found it strange that a vampire, that perhaps a remainder from the thirteen families, or was stationed here would create such a room. 
 When looking at the large chair, or throne. 
 It looked like only a person of significance would be allowed to sit on such a place. 
 That was when Quinn spotted something while looking at the throne. Everything in the room was a disappointment so far since there seemed to be nothing there of use. But just behind the chair a little bit above behind it looked like a clear glass pane, and inside was a large sword-like weapon. 
 The sword didn't look regular, for even though it was locked away behind a glass casing, it seemed to have several black chains wrapped around it, from the hilt all the way up to the tip of the blade. 
 'Why would a sword need to be chained up when it isn't being held by anyone?' 
 Fex too had seen the sword and started to rush forward excitedly, after a few steps he stopped himself as he was reminded about what had happened in the room before. 
 "Quinn, how about you go for this one…?" He said smiling nervously. 
 Quinn did just that and walked straight past the throne chair and continued to the class encasement. While looking at the blade closer, he could tell it was a beast blade rather than just a regular sword. 
 The handguard seemed to be quite scaly and rocky. Red in colour and pattern which matched the armour seen earlier. Between the hand guard and the bladed part was a red gem. It looked very similar to the crystal that Quinn had obtained after defeating the king tier beast. 
 From the crystal, inside the sword, a single red line ran up the blade until the tip. It looked like a bar of some sort, but both the crystal and the red line running up the sword seemed to be void of any power. 
 Placing his clawed gauntlet fingertips on the glass pane covering it. He started to use all his strength hoping to make a scratch or an indentation. Just like with all of the materials they had discovered before in the tower, it was almost unbreakable to him. 
 "I was going to tell you, but I thought you got the jist by now." Fex said seeing Quinn attempt to break the glass. 
 After giving up on the idea of getting the sword, Quinn was about to search the room to see if there was anything he had missed. He took a step back and once again, the room seemed to slightly vibrate. 
 In front of the sword... A podium started to rise. 
 It wasn't large and it rose up until about waist height to where Quinn was standing. 
 The vibration stopped in the room and so did the podium. 
 On top, was a diamond-like shape hole. 
 Quinn turned to look at Fex to see if he had any clue what was going on. 
 "Don't look at me." Fex replied. "I've been long lost about this place ever since entering this tower." 
 He was right. 
 Quinn actually knew more about this tower then Fex, and that was only because the system had informed him that this was a vampire tomb. Still, Quinn had yet to see a casket. The tower didn't have many rooms, there was only the starting floor, the middle level floor, and here the top floor. 
 It was impossible for them to miss anything, so just where was the vampire being kept? Right now, though, Quinn was more concerned about the podium in front of him. 
 As he gently ran his fingers over the top of the podium another message appeared. 
 [Would you like to insert your blood crystal?] 
 [Once inserted the blood crystal may not be removed!] 
 [Yes] [No] 
 "If I select yes... Will it allow me to obtain the sword?" 

 
	 Chapter 268 A Scam 
 While Quinn was in deep thought about the message he had just received, standing by his side Fex was now starting to act a little strange. He had now had the time to properly analyse the weapon in front of him. 
 "Have I seen something like this before?" Fex said out loud. "Maybe the first leader had something like this, but if that's true, what the hell is something like that doing here?" 
 "You know what type of weapon this is then?" Quinn asked. 
 "Maybe, honestly I'm not sure, I think I saw one of the other vampire families carry around something like this, but often the families kept secrets from each other. Everyone would hide their power and then when the king relinquished their seat, that was the time when everyone revealed their cards. 
 "Maybe one of the other leaders knows something more about this weapon, but at least out of all the kids around my age, I have never seen anything like this." 
 Quinn was hoping he could get more information about the weapon in front of him. It seemed pretty obvious that it wanted him to place the red blood crystal into the podium in front of him. Most likely that would lower down the barrier blocking the sword. 
 The problem was the system had declared once the blood crystal was inserted, it would no longer be able to be removed like before. The AI voice before had said that the stone was a precious item. 
 "What exactly can a blood crystal be used for?" Quinn asked the system in his head. 
 "I suppose I should tell you, you will have a tough decision ahead of you." The system said. " The blood crystal can be used just like a beast crystal. They are used to either create armour or weapons. For certain reasons, these crystals are a lot rarer then beast crystals." 
 "Are they stronger than beast weapons?" Quinn asked as he was starting to get a little excited. 
 "It's hard to say honestly." The Unique thing about a blood weapon is it has the ability to evolve and grow stronger. However, depending on the crystal used, there is a limit to its growth and also its starting point. What you have right now is your hand is the lowest tier of blood crystals." 
 An evolving weapon didn't sound too bad to Quinn. While others might be put off wanting a straight-up powerful weapon. He didn't find it too troubling as it was similar to the situation he himself was already in. The idea of his weapon growing stronger while he did as well, sounded nice. 
 What put him off though, was knowing that the crystal he held was the lowest type. He looked at the weapon behind the glass case once again and it really was like nothing he had seen before. He didn't need to ask this as he was sure of the answer but asked just in case. 
 "Is that a blood weapon?" 
 "Yes." the system replied. "How powerful it is from looks alone, I can not say." 
 Quinn had two choices, to hand in the crystal, or use it to create his own weapon. After thinking about it for a while he had made his decision. There was another major problem if he was to keep the blood crystal, and that was finding someone to create a blood weapon for him. 
 Someone he could trust to keep the secret and someone who knew how to forge with the crystals. Envisioning problems for the future, Quinn decided to hand in the crystal and take the sword instead. 
 [Small blood crystal has been inserted.] 
 The room started to shake slightly once again, and the podium along with the crystal started to sink into the ground slowly. Eventually, the whole podium was back into the floor and the vibrations had stopped. 
 [Quest explore the tower complete] 
 There was no reward for completing the Quest, but he couldn't be upset about that for long as he felt like he was about to get the best reward for coming to this place. 
 A large smile appeared on Quinn's face as he rubbed his hands together waiting to try out his new weapon. 
 After standing there for a few moments, he quickly realized that nothing was happening. The glass covering the sword was still there. 
 "Hey, I think you just got scammed out of your crystal." Fex said looking at Quinn by his side. 
 His face dropped after hearing those words, as Quinn was starting to think the same thing. He started to bang on the glass frame. Pounding his fist against it. 
 "Hey, give me the sword, I gave you what you want now it's my turn!" but there was no reply and the room continued to remain stagnant. 
 "Did it really do nothing, did I just lose my chance to create something great." After saying those words, Quinn released something that was different. The whole energy and the place around them had changed. 
 Somewhere else, underground at the same time, Logan was steadily backing away holding out his blaster at Peter. He hadn't made any moves yet, but he could see his body slowly breathing in and out not moving a step from his position. 
 While continuing to back away at a snail's pace a sudden sound was heard. 
 *Ding *ding. 
 The sound had indicated from around Logan's waist. Without having the need to look he knew where it had come from. It was his scanner. 
 Using one of his hands, he picked up the scanner and immediately turned it on. And just like he thought, it was a success. For some reason, the scanner had returned back online. 
 After quickly scanning the tunnels around them, Logan had found what he was looking for. In one of the tunnels to his right side, not too far from here, were the bodies of some students, who had met an unfortunate end after falling down from above. 
 "Yes, Peter I think I can solve your problem." In Logan's excitement, he had placed both eyes on the scan only for a brief second. Now when he locked up, Peter was no longer standing where he was directly in front of him. 
 Back in the strange tower, Quinn was starting to realise what the change was that he was feeling. After inserting the blood crystal into the podium, it seemed like whatever was blocking out his senses before was no longer there. 
 He could now clearly sense Peter. With this, shock had entered his heart. Sensing Peter now he could feel a mix of emotions and feelings rush over his mind and body. 
 "Damn it, is this because of the fight from before?" Quinn said. "We have to hurry and get back to the others." 
 The tower had been fully explored, and it didn't look like Quinn was going to get his weapon. With Peter the way he was, he was bound to be dangerous so he had made the decision to leave the tower and Fex had no problem following. 
 After the two exited from the tower and started to head out of the town, Fex turned around and looked at the tower one last time. 
 "Bye-bye tower, I guess there was nothing that special in there after all. I wonder what is behind my family doors then as well? I hope it's not the same boring stuff we found here." 
 When the blood crystal was inserted into the podium and went back into the floor, a process had begun. Slowly strange mechanisms were at work behind the eyes of the two boys. 
 The crystal was being heated to an incredible degree and was starting to be melted down. This process took some time but when the right heat had been reached. A red blood liquid was formed and slowly starting to filter down. 
 The liquid flowed in one direction, downward through a tube-like shape. It continued to go down until eventually, it reached its destination. Like a sand timer, it started to drip down and the sound of it hitting something could be heard. 
 Once all of the blood liquid had dripped out something started to change. In the top room tower, the large circular pattern on the floor started to shift. The outer ring moved to the right fist. While the inner ring moved to the left. 
 The rings continued to move in different directions each time with a clicking sound. With one click the outer circle ring would stop. With another, the inner circle would stop. This continued until eventually, it reached the large circle in the centre. 
 The centre circle started to rise up from the floor and it finally stopped when it reached a height a little larger than an average human. A few seconds later, and the metal circle cylinder dropped quickly back down into the ground and left in its place was a human figure. 
 It was a handsome male figure, with pale white skin and dark black hair, that seemed to go all the way down to the person's waist. The facial features were quite feminine but what stood out most of all, was the fact that he had no clothes on whatsoever and he continued to stand in the room completely naked. 
 Slowly his eyes opened and a red glow could be seen. 
 "I wonder how long I've been asleep." the man said. 
 He turned his head to look to see if there were others around, but he could see no one in the room. "I wonder who woke me up? That's a shame, I would have perhaps given him something as a reward." 
 Holding out his hand with his hand open, he faced it towards the weapon behind the glass. The weapon started to vibrate slightly, and soon the vibrations grew stronger. A strange force compelled it towards the man, and the weapon smashed through the glass and into the man's hand. 
 "Let's see if anything has changed in the outside world." the man said. 

 
	 Chapter 269 A presence too strong 
 Just a second ago, Peter was there right in front of Logan. It was only a brief moment, but after checking his scanner and allowing his eyes to gaze down, he looked back, and in front of him, no one was there. He had disappeared entirely. 
 Seeing something so dangerous potentially be anywhere in the room with him, was starting to make even Logan nervous. He no longer had any sticky light balls to shoot out, and his suit only produced enough light for him to be able to see a few meters in front of him. 
 Peter could see as clear as day down here. They were unfavourable odds, and Logan started to curse himself, thinking about how he ever got himself in this type of situation. Before he nearly did anything, in the past, he always thought of the probability of something happening. The risk he would put himself in before taking action. If the odds seemed against him, he would never take the risk. 
 But when seeing Peter writhing in pain and the others there, Logan had reacted on instinct, moving him out of the area. 
 A sharp, sudden sound was heard to his right, and a blast was shot from his blaster in an instant. The explosion had only managed to hit the strange black material which was as strong as always, causing no rubble or stone to break off but leaving a peculiar smell from the blaster. 
 "I don't want to hurt you Peter. Suppose I hit you now before you've eaten anything. There's a good chance you can't heal." Logan said calmly. 
 His voice was full of confidence, but inside his mind were starting to panic a little. Although Logan's reaction time wasn't beyond that of what a human being was capable of. He was still quite confident in his skills to hit something before it was able to move. 
 Nearly all the students at the school, apart from those with either high-level beast gear, or speed related abilities, Logan was pretty confident he would be able to hit them with his blaster. 
 But the attack he just fired right now, he couldn't even see Peter, or even an after image. "I guess you really do suit an assassin, but it isn't the time to test it on me." Logan said. 
 As he said those words, groans could be heard once again in a specific direction. When Logan looked at where they were coming from, he could see Peter knelt down on the floor holding his stomach. 
 "Logan, just leave me, I don't think it's safe, just go now!" Peter shouted. 
 Ever since Peter had evolved into a wight, his whole demeanour and attitude had changed. The others thought the old Peter was completely gone... lost, but that wasn't true at all. Peter still had feelings, he still had worries, and inside he was still scared as always. 
 There were times when these old feelings and demeanour would show more than others, and one of these times was when he spent time with Logan. He didn't know why, but the others seemed to treat the new Peter different compared to Logan. 
 It felt like Logan didn't care what he was and never found it strange the way the new Peter acted. While with the others, he could always feel they felt different. Like the Peter they were talking to wasn't the same before. 
 It hurt Peter inside, especially since he knew he was still the same person. One of these people who he could tell felt this way was Quinn. Someone who he considered close. He could see every time Quinn looked at him; it was different from the way he looked at Peter before. 
 It wasn't a bad way, but it was one of sadness. 
 'Will I never be good enough?' Peter thought, He wasn't back then, and he wasn't now. 
 The only person who he was good enough for was Logan, and even now Logan had tried to help him multiple times. If there was one person, he would do everything in his power to not to eat or hurt, it was Logan. 
 For a moment, Peter was able to fight back his hunger, but in return, he could feel all the painful pangs in his body. As he looked up at where Logan was before, he could see he had already run off. 
 "Good.. you listened.." Peter said. He wasn't hurt this time. Seeing Logan run off to save himself. He had already done enough. 
 The pain continued, and Peter honestly wondered if he was going to die. Although he could have let the hunger takeover and his body run wild, he wanted to remain in control of his body for as long as possible. 
 Then the sound of footsteps was heard. Echoing through as if someone was running towards them through one of the tunnels. 
 "No, no, if it's another person. I'll attack them as soon as I see them." Said, Peter. "Stay away, turn back!" Peter shouted down the tunnel. 
 But the footsteps only grew louder as the person was getting closer, then in the darkness, a strange relatively large object was seen flying through the air coming towards him. 
 While it was hard to see what it was, Peter knew. Or more to the point, his body knew as he leapt through the air, and opened his jaw wide, grabbing the flying object with his mouth. He immediately started to rip it apart with his two front teeth and claws pinning it to the floor. 
 Out from the tunnel, Logan had appeared with a student on his back. He placed it on the floor and took a few steps back. "I know this might be disrespectful, but you are already dead. I Promise I will find out who your family are and treat them well. They will live a life of happiness due to your help for as long as I am alive." 
 **** 
 The two boys continued to run through the town at breaking speed. On the way to the tower, they hadn't seen any high-level beasts. Quinn was now sure of it. There was nothing left underground that was stronger than the king tier beast. With this thought in his head, he was able to freely run as fast as he could towards Peter. 
 He was worried about what could happen, mostly since he was with the others, and worried about what would happen if the travellers were to find out and get involved. 
 Following closely behind, Fex was struggling to keep up. 
 'I was right; he really has grown stronger and at a crazy pace. He's a lot faster than me, and I can barely keep up anymore. But how? Nothing I can think of can make sense anymore. If I want to find out the truth, there's only one thing I can do, ask. This time though, I won't ask for someone else.' 
 Fex was always hesitant to ask Quinn this question and before he didn't know why but now he did. It was because he felt guilty. When thinking about asking the question, in the back of his head, he knew he had an ulterior motive. As if he was trying to find out some secret information to bring back to his family. 
 Now, he no longer cared and had decided no matter what, he wouldn't reveal to anyone about Quinn. Right now, he wanted to find out for himself, for his own curiosity. Once they were out of this place. Fex wanted to find out the secrets about Quinn. 
 Suddenly, Quinn stopped in his tracks. He had completely slowed down and was no longer running at full speed. 
 "What's wrong?" Fex asked. Truthfully Fex was out of breath, but seeing Quinn was fine he tried his best to hide he was tired. As soon as Quinn turned away, he would start panting. He still had his pride and didn't want to show he was now weaker than his friend. 
 There were actually two reasons why Quinn had stopped. The first was Quinn felt that Peter was no longer hungry. The pain he was feeling up to this point had disappeared. Quinn found it hard to believe that Peter would have been able to eat someone in front of the travellers. He could tell they were strong. 
 "Thank you, Logan," Quinn said under his breath. He didn't know why but he had a hunch if anyone could solve the problem it would have been him. 
 The second reason for stopping was because Quinn could sense and smell a familiar presence. It didn't take long and soon Fex could smell who it was as well. 
 "You seem to always be in the most interesting Quinn. I think I should start putting a tracker on you and just follow you around everywhere." Out from one of the buildings, a slightly older bald man came out with his trusty blade by his side. 
 "Ah, it's the teacher!" Fex said and pointed. 
 "You should show some respect, young boy. Right now, I'm more than just your teacher, but your commanding officer.'' Leo said. "But I'm happy you're safe. I'm here to search for the remaining students. Your friends who were with you have already been escorted outside to the surface. They returned to the shelter with the rest of the students and they informed me of this place..." Just then, Leo stopped mid-sentence. 
 It was strange, and the other two were wondering what happened. Not only had he stopped mid-sentence, but Leo was utterly frozen. It was as if he wasn't even breathing anymore. 
 "Quickly!" Leo shouted. "We must get out of here and run!" 
 "What's wrong!" Quinn asked, genuinely concerned. His teacher had always been so composed. Even when going up against the Dalki, he never once ran away, but Quinn was sure of it. Leo had said "We" Which included himself. 
 "There is something down here. Something incredibly powerful. I can sense it's aura. We have to leave now." 
 'Something powerful?' Quinn thought. They had already killed the king tier beast, so Leo couldn't be talking about that and while exploring the whole place they had found nothing and Quinn was unable to sense nothing, so just what was this powerful being or thing Leo talking about? 

 
	 Chapter 270 Obtaining a blood crystal 
 Leo didn't need to ask the students twice. They both quickly followed Leo closely behind as the three of them ran out of the town and into the tunnel, not once looking back, but his strange actions were starting to make Quinn think. 
 It was a first for him, the first time he had ever seen his teacher running away from a confrontation. Up to this point in his eyes, his teacher had always been someone that seemed unreachable. A force too strong to even begin to imagine the real strength of. Even when facing the Dalki, he had never acted like this. 
 Whatever it was that was frightening him or making him act like this, it had to be strong. But if something was that powerful down here, then why hadn't Quinn or the others come across it. After thinking about all the possibilities of what could've happened, one thing was stuck in his mind. 
 'No, it can't be, we looked around the whole tower.' The tower they had just left form was known as a vampire's tomb. And judging by the sight of the building and what was left behind, it was a powerful one. 
 'Didn't you say a vampire would need the blood of one of its family members? It's impossible for it to wake up, right?' Quinn asked the system, but it had chosen to remain silent. 
 "Answer me!" Quinn snapped in his mind. This time he was insistent and wanted an answer. 
 "Sorry." The system replied. "I was just thinking about the possibilities, but perhaps there was a chance we really did wake it up." 
 "But how?" Quinn replied. 
 "The only thing I can think of is the blood crystal from before. Remember how I said a blood crystal was quite rare, well that's because a blood crystal is harvested from a vampires body itself. Just like how the beasts contain a crystal inside their bodies, vampires do too. 
 "Creating weapons form these things became a taboo. It was a practice that quickly became outlawed. The blood crystals themselves weren't illegal, but intentionally harvesting one form a body was. Of course, we don't entirely know what is inside the blood crystal, but when using it as a raw material to create a weapon, the first part of the process is melting the crystal down. 
 "At just the right temperature, the crystal will start to melt and turn into a blood like substance. I'm afraid thier is a chance, that when you inserted the crystal into the podium, it might have started that process and woken up whatever vampire was deep in its sleep." 
 "Why didn't you say something earlier than?", Quinn complained. 
 "I thought the same as you at the time. That the crystal would be used to help you get the weapon. You see when a vampire goes into eternal slumber, it does so out of its own choice. In a way, it is a vampire saying it is done with the current world and is moving on. 
 "However, their bodies are usually kept at their family, base or castle. This way if they ever needed to call on those desperately in times of need, they could do. When I saw that there were no vampires in this area or even any inside the tower. I assumed that the vampire must have chosen to pass on. 
 "Some tombs often set trials for their family members, with traps and tasks. Once these were completed, they would pass on their treasures to the next generation. I thought that this person was just doing the same." 
 The three of them had finally left the town. They had gone through one of the tunnels into an open area with several different pathways. The look on Leo's face looked a lot better. Once he had travelled through the tunnel, he could no longer sense the strang force that well. 
 This was because of his ability, it was strong, but he could only see the area he was in. As soon as he entered the town, his view had widened, and he could see anything. There was one thing that was troubling him greatly, though. 
 The aura that he had sensed was the same colour as both Quinn and Fex. Still, Leo didn't want to take any chances finding out whether this person was friendly or not. Just because they had the same aura as the two students didn't mean they were close. 
 It was easy for Leo to select the path back, as he remembered well which direction he had entered from, and he started to lead the two students out. Finally, they were about to leave the strange city and everything that had been found behind. 
 While travelling through the tunnel, it started to slightly tilt upward with no end in sight, and they were unsure how long it would take them to get out. While travelling together, Quinn was still trying to digest everything he had been told earlier. About the blood crystals and now he had a few strange questions on his mind. 
 "If a family member is unable to kill its own member, how would someone obtain a blood crystal in the first place?" Quinn asked. 
 "That is an excellent question. Even though Vampires and subspecies are unable to go against their creator, that still doesn't mean they are unable to break the rules. Just like with every family, they had their fair share of trouble makers. 
 "One could always ask another family to do the job for them, but it would leave a sour taste in the mouth and would often cause grudges between friends and such if this was to happen. As such a special group was created, one outside the thirteen families. These were called the punishers. 
 "Their duty was strictly to uphold the vampire laws that were created by the 13 vampire leaders and the king. They were separated from the others. They didn't make friends with any of the thirteen and didn't interact with them other than to bring down harsh punishments." 
 "These punishers, they must have been quite strong then, if they had to force these vampire families to follow the laws," Quinn said. 
 "Yes, very strong..." When the system spoke these words, he seemed to drift off a little. 
 "Are they still around?" Quinn asked, noticing the system acting strangely when speaking about them. 
 "Unfortunately, that is for you to find out at another time." 
 Quinn had tried pressing further as he did before. If the system gave in once, maybe it could give in again and tell him more information, but he was unsuccessful. The vampire world seemed complicated and strange, it also seemed to have a very long history that he knew nothing about. 
 The system tried to reassure Quinn that it was unlikely the blood crystal had woken up the vampire from its slumber. Some of the events just didn't make sense. Why hand over a blood crystal to a beast if they planned to wake up at a later time? Were they just leaving everything to chance? 
 Although what the system had said seemed possible, Quinn had a strange feeling that they had woken up the vampire. He knew Leo wasn't acting that way for no reason. This time rather than wanting to find out about it, Quinn just wanted to get away from this place as soon as possible. 
 Finally, the end of the tunnel could be seen, and daylight was shining through. Both Quinn and Fex never thought they would be happy to see the sun, but they truly were. 
 As they both stepped outside, they lifted their arms up, covering their eyes from the sensitivity but also had a huge smile on their face. 
 Quinn seemed even happier then Fex as he started to jump up and down on the spot. 
 "Are you that happy to be free?" Leo asked. Hearing the sound of Quinn jumping up and down. 
 Embarrassed and a face flushed with red cheeks, Quinn replied. 
 "Yeah, it's just nice to see the sun again." 
 The reason why Quinn was more overjoyed than usual was because for the first time in a while, when stepping into the sun, he didn't feel sick. He didn't feel groggy or weak, and there was no system message. 
 The ring had worked, and now Quinn could live the life he once had without any restrictions. 
 The two boys continued to follow Leo back through the jungle. There were many beasts still in the jungle, but thanks to Leo's ability, they were able to avoid all of them and select the safest path heading back to the shelter. Eventually, they had arrived where all the remaining students were. They were staying out the shelter in the large open space on the ground, getting taken care of by the other military staff. 
 "Quinn!" Layla shouted as she got up and started running towards him. As soon as she reached him, she gave a big old bear hug, squeezing him tightly. "I thought you might have died." 
 "I told you, you had nothing to worry about,"Vorden said, walking closely behind Layla. As she let Quinn go, Vorden proceeded to give Quinn a fist bump and also a pat on the shoulder. 
 Looking around Quinn was also happy to see that everyone in their team was alive and it looked like Peter was okay, when his eyes met up with Logan's, a big thumbs up was given in his direction. 
 "We need to do something about Cia later," Vorden whispered as they both noticed she was continually looking in their group's direction. Refusing to join them and staying close to the other students. 
 "Alright, everyone!" A soldier shouted. "It's time to gather up, your sergeant Leo has an important announcement to make," 
 All the students had gathered in the open field on the shelter, the rest of the soldiers carried on doing what they were doing but they seemed to be busier than ever before. A Lot more then when the students had first come here as if they were in a rush for something. 
 When looking around, there were many students who were no longer with them, that had either died from the strange plants and underneath in the underground tunnels. Or from the advanced tier beast from before. 
 The look on the students' faces were horrified, and some of them didn't even know how to feel. 
 Stood at the front of them all was both Leo and Fay. Leo walked forward first. 
 "Everyone listen carefully for we have some important news to tell you all." 

 
	 Chapter 271 Family VS Military 
 A while before Fex and Quinn had arrived at the shelter. All the students from the other classes had been told to return to the shelter as well. This was an order issued by Fay. Frequently, both Fay and Leo were being called out to help the other groups, it was clear that this wasn't a Green portal planet. Or at least not one that the first year students could handle. 
 After Leo had gone after Del's class and took longer than usual to return, Fay had decided to make the executive decision to call back all of the students to the shelter. The mission was an important one, and she knew her superiors wouldn't accept this as an excuse, especially after just one day. 
 Instead, to minimize the risk, the plan was to go as one large group while both Fay and Leo would guide them. Rather than split them up via their homeroom classes. 
 They would cover less ground this way, and the expedition would be a lot slower, but it also would be safer this way. 
 Some of the students, when returning, were annoyed. Sure they had run into trouble now and again, but in the end, no students had died. Only the weak ones had been injured. They felt like it was better to get rid of the baggage they were carrying. Why not just allow the vulnerable students to return while the stronger ones continued to hunt. 
 All the other classes had now returned apart from Del's and Fay was starting to worry. 
 "Where are you Leo, if it's something you can't even handle then we really need to get off this place as soon as possible." 
 "Hey, I see someone moving." A student shouted. 
 A person had stepped through the jungle like trees and were now standing on the open dark soil of the shelter. 
 The first person to arrive was Leo, and behind him, all of the students started to follow. As the other group saw Del's group, sounds of gasps and words of concern were heard. 
 "What happened to them?" 
 "Do you think they ran into an advanced beast or something?" 
 "Yeah right, if they did it would be a lot worse then this. You have to remember Del's class is one of the weakest class out of them all." What the student said wasn't wrong. Del's class was considered the weakest. 
 With Erin gone and the only strong one left being Vorden, it was hard for them to place the class above any of the others. Vorden's ability would only allow him to copy the strongest of another class. In the student's eyes that only made them even, and they still had plenty of other strong students in their classes apart from one person. 
 Of course, they thought like this because they didn't know how Vorden's ability really worked. 
 Soon, the students regretted saying those words as the others started to realize something. At first, they thought that Del's class had just been more injured than theirs. If they had encountered intermediate beasts and it took Leo a long time to get there, then it would make sense. But a little while after, they noticed that no more students were coming out from the jungle. 
 The current size of the class that appeared, was a little less than half. 
 "Where is everyone, what happened?" the students said concerned. Not for the other missing students but they were more worried that if something got to them, then they could be next. 
 The students from Del's class were taken in for further healing as well as to make an official report, while Fay and Leo were to discuss what was to happen next. 
 "What happened to them?" Fay asked. 
 "It looks like they went off trail due to an advanced tier beast," Leo explained. The look of horror appeared on Fay's face as her fears were confirmed. 
 "Don't worry, I already dealt with it before even meeting up with the class. As for the remaining students, according to the teacher Del, they were all eaten, and there was no chance the students survived." 
 The two of them looked over at where Del was, he was currently barging his way through the injured students and going to the front of the queue. 
 "Out of the way, don't you guys know how to respect your superiors and elders. It was only because of me you guys managed to live in the first place, and this is how you treat me." 
 Although Leo couldn't really see Del's actions, hearing his words made him feel sick. 
 "That man doesn't deserve to be a teacher," Leo said as he clenched his fist. 
 'This should be fun.' Fay thought. She mainly knew Leo due to his feats during the war, but hadn't seen him in combat much. After hearing how easily he dealt with the Dalki, she knew the rumours had to be true. 
 Any chance to watch someone so significant in combat was a good opportunity for her to learn. Especially since she also primarily used a sword as her weapon. 
 As Leo took another step forward, he suddenly stopped. Before anyone else, he could hear the sound of the leaves ruffling from behind. 
 "Looks like we finally made it," Andy said as he appeared out of the jungle. The group of travellers had arrived, but they weren't alone. 
 For they had also brought back Vorden, Cia, Layla, Peter and Logan. Inside the tunnels, Logan had managed to regroup quickly with the travellers once his scanner was working. 
 As an excuse for why Logan had done his actions, he simply said that he was too afraid after seeing the students dead and thought that a beast was inside with them. Although Andre didn't quite buy it, he decided to let it slide. 
 The students were the military's problem, not his. 
 "Looks like some more of Del's class has arrived, maybe they aren't dead after all and were just split up." 
 Fay, and Leo hadn't quite told the students what had happened to Del's class. The students who had survived were still busy being interviewed and were away from the other students, so they still had yet to hear from the other students what happened. 
 After the travellers and students had walked out from the trees and vines, what followed next started to cause alarm in the camp. For the large lion like beast came out as well. 
 "Beast! Beast!" Students shouted as they recognized the beast was a powerful looking one, perhaps at the advanced level. 
 "Calm down!" One of the commanders who was looking after the students shouted. "That beast will do us no harm. It belongs to the Bree family." 
 After hearing that name, the students quickly began to calm down. By hearing the name, they felt safe, as the Bree's where one of the big fours and their powers were known quite wide. The ability to control beasts. 
 Seeing the stripes on both Fay and Leo's side, Andre knew straight away who were the highest commanding officers in this shelter, he approached the two of them and saluted at them out of respect. Fay did the same back, but Leo had chosen not to do anything. 
 "Leo, I know you can't see, but this is someone from the Bree family, and they just saluted you," Fay whispered. 
 "Oh, I know, but one must earn respect. I do not know who this man is. I see no reason to show respect to someone just because they carry a certain name." Leo replied loudly, knowing that he could be heard. 
 "I agree wholeheartedly", Andre replied. "Which is why I chose to keep my name a secret from most, unfortunately, my ability is a dead giveaway. Anyway, I believe these students are yours." Andre said as he opened up his palm telling the students to go over to the other side. 
 Cia, had the biggest smile on her face as she ran forward, towards the shelter and the other students. While the others decided to remain hoping to hear the conversation between these two powerhouses. 
 "Thank you", Leo replied. "Would you mind telling me where you found them. Perhaps I will be able to search for others near the same area. You have done enough, so there is no need for you to go out of your way." Leo said. 
 Andre and Andy both looked at each other. They had suspected bringing back the students, that something like this would happen. In the end, they had already made their decision when coming here. 
 "Actually, there is something we must inform you about..." Andy said as he stepped forward and handed over a scanner to Fay. 
 They revealed information that they had kept secret from the military. The fact that they had discovered an underground town. Not only that, but it seemed like it was made from Dalki structure. 
 They made excuses while explaining. Stating that they knew the place was abandoned and had been taken over by beasts, which is why they decided not to inform or trouble the military with this information just yet. But both Fay and Leo knew they must have been a deeper reason for doing something like this. 
 "Leo, both Quinn, and Fex. They're still down there." Vorden said. 
 Logan then handed over the altered scanner he had created to Fay as well. Displaying the information he had found. "Most of the students who were taken by the plants seemed to have passed away. There is still a chance that there are others, but I'm sure both Quinn and Fex are still alive." Logan explained. 
 Standing by Leo's side, slowly fay was boiling up at what she had just heard from the travellers. 
 "You...you.. I can't believe you were hiding this from us. Do you know if you had given this information to us beforehand, the students would have never been sent to a planet like this in the first place? Because of you, students died." 
 Before she even knew it, her fist was already flying towards Andy's face, at the same time, she felt a slash going towards her arm. Images of her arm being sliced off were seen. 
 Quickly pulling it back, she looked at her hand and could see it was still intact. 
 "A vision?" She said. 
 "Don't be too rash", Leo said, but at the same time, he too had his hand on the hilt of his sword. 
 Vorden and the others were prepared for a clash between the travellers and the sergeants. They were ready to help out Leo wherever they could. Other than helping them find an exit, the travellers hadn't really done much to help them. 
 In the end, Quinn was the one who had killed the beast. Also, they still remembered how much in debt they were to Leo, for saving them from the Dalki. 
 Every one of the students from the sideline, including the other soldiers, silently watched from the sideline. They were too afraid to get involved. If they did, it could cause trouble due to the relations the one of the big four had with the military. 

 
	 Chapter 272 The winners of the assessmen 
 The pressure emitting from the two groups was immense, that even one wrong word or act might make the already fearsome looming presence break out and swallow them whole. In the case for someone like Peter and Vorden they were able to handle such a pressure that coiled, however for Layla and even Logan, it felt like they were about to be consumed by the dangerous energy that was swirling around, it was only waiting to be unleashed. 
 "Are they really going to clash?" The students on the side asked one another, some of them began to get anxious of a fight breaking out. 
 "It would be silly if they did." Another student sneered, shaking their head, "After all this is such a small thing, no one would be willing to start a war between a few missing students." 
 However, they were unaware of how Leo thought. He was a simple man, rather than thinking about the bigger picture of what his actions would lead to, he thought it was best to do what was right in the current situation. As things came to him later he would continue to deal with it. 
 This was how he always was and continued to be. Right now the people in front of him had put the students he was responsible for in danger. In the past, Leo was a different man and he did think about things, perhaps thought about them too much. To the point where those around them suffered because of it. 
 'I won't let that happen again.' Leo thought. 
 Although the others thought Leo wouldn't do something, Vorden managed to catch a glimpse of Leo's thoughts. He could see his fingers twitching slightly as he held the hilt. 
 'He's ready to attack at any moment.' After sharing Leo's powers and interacting him with theory time he did with Quinn. Vorden felt like he could understand him a bit more. 
 He tried thinking of a way to perhaps calm Leo down. The world didn't need a civil war right now. In the past, there were several civil wars before Truedream came along. There were rumours that the Dalki were keeping an eye on the humans, ready to attack at their weakest point, if something similar were to happen again. Perhaps the Dalki would attack even sooner than they predicted. 
 "Leo, when we were down there, there was an incredibly strong beast. For now I think Quinn and Fex are safe but I don't know how long they will survive. They need help now." Vorden said. 
 After hearing these words, Leo's grip around his hilt weakened, it seemed to have work. He stood up straight and carried on walking past the group. As he walked he purposely barged into Andre's shoulder. 
 "Hey what do you think you're doing! Can;t you at least show some respect, we saved your students. We didn't have to do that and we could have kept the whole thing a secret." Andy shouted. 
 Leo then pointed towards his own eyes and opened them up. Where the pupils should have been black, it looked as if his entire eyeball was a tint of grey. There was no colour. 
 "I'm sorry but I'm blind you see, I didn't know he was standing there. Fay I will leave it up to you to do what you want with these visitors of ours. Whatever you choose I will back it up when we return to the base." 
 With that Leo continued to walk into the jungle, while also carefully stepping his foot over a large root going across the floor. "Nearly tripped over that one," he said whistling away into the jungle. 
 'Blind my ass.' Andy muttered under his breath. 
 By this point, Fay had already calmed down from her anger before. Doing or saying anything would just be a waste of breath. So she decided to take the political stance instead. Doing what was best for both pirates. 
 "Thank you for informing us of this information. Please in the future do inform us sooner. This way we can avoid any future problems." 
 Andre bowed down to her, before leaving with his group, with a sour taste in their mouth of what they had just experienced. 
 While Vorden and the others were revealed. All they needed to do now was wait, hope Fex and Quinn could return safely. 
 While walking back to the others, Vorden started to think about what just happened. When he first joined the military it seemed like they didn't care about what happened to the weaker students. 
 They allowed fights to go on without intervening and it was almost as if the fights were encouraged to happen. Even with the whole Duke and Peter situation, it seemed like they were purposely trying to cause friction and division between those that were weaker and stronger in the school. 
 This did happen in the outside world naturally and in school before it, however, the divide never seemed to be as big as it was in the military school. After hearing not only Leo's reaction, but Fay's reaction as well to the students in distress and him thinking. Perhaps it wasn't the whole military that was like this. Or there was also the option that it was more because of the ones that were in charge. Their connections seemed oddly close with the Truedream family, more than they should have been. 
 After waiting for an hour, finally, Leo had returned and this time he wasn't alone. By his side was both Fex and Quinn. Layla had run up to greet them and the others were happy to see them as well. 
 By now, all of the students from Del's class had been checked up on. They were now allowed to spend time with the other classes but news of what really happened to the class while they were out started to spread and the tension was felt in the air. 
 The reality of how dangerous this expedition was finally was starting to hit them. Friends and students they had only talked to a few hours ago in the morning, were nowhere to be seen and they would ever be able to talk to them again. 
 Leo and Fay were busy discussing what to do next. Although they were of the same rank Fay never felt that way and she decided she would agree with whatever Leo had decided. 
 "I have made my decision," Leo said. "I'm going to cancel the expedition and return to the academy." 
 "Are you sure?" Fay replied. "It's only been one day and not much ground has been covered. Paul won't be happy with the decision. Can't we just travel as one group and protect the kids. Judging from what the travellers told us, the Dalki settlement seems to be abandoned." 
 "No!" Leo replied immediately. "When I went down there I could sense it. There is definitely still something there and it's at least at the power of a four spiked Dalki." 
 Hearing this, Fay's eyes nearly popped out from her skull. A shiver was sent down her whole spine and her hairs were left standing on top of her arm. 
 "We would need at least one of the generals here to try to deal with something like that, and even then I don't think they would be much of a match," Leo explained. 
 "I understand, if we explain this to Paul they should understand. They might even remove every one of the planets and classify it as a red portal planet until further notice." Fay replied. 
 She had actually misinterpreted Leo's words. For Leo had said there was something down there that had the same power as a four spiked Dalki. But she had taken this to mean there was a four spiked Dalki. Only Leo knew the truth, that the energy that was emitting from the being was one that was similar to both Fex and Quinn. 
 As Leo looked over at the two students, a thought soon planted itself in his head, 'Is there an actual threat right underneath our noses that is probably far larger than the Dalki?' 
 All the students had been covered, on the muddy open soil area of the shelter which stood just before the jungle. Leo had told all of them there would be an announcement to be made. 
 "I'm sure by now you have all heard of the news that has happened to Del's class. Because of this, we have decided to cancel the expedition and head back to the school," said Leo. 
 After hearing the news, some of the students felt a weight lift off their shoulders. No longer were they in danger and had the thoughts of meeting such things. The ones that were part of Del's class were even more overjoyed. 
 Still, this feeling of relief wasn't shared at all by everyone in the crowd. Those who had done well on the test so far and had run into no troubles started to voice their concern. 
 "What?!" A student complained as they looked around for support, "But it's only been one day! That doesn't make any sense." Why should they go back? 
 "Stop being so selfish!" Another shouted back at them. 
 It seemed like two camps had emerged of those that wanted to leave and those that wanted to stay. 
 "Enough!" Leo shouted in a loud booming voice. His voice had projected so loudly that some of the students felt like their eardrums would shatter. They wondered how a man so small was able to produce such a loud sound. 
 The chatter had stopped but a single student still had his hand remained up. 
 "Yes, young one," Leo said. 
 "I don't mind having to go back early but I do have a question. What does this mean for our assessment? Who got the top grade, and how will our scores be divided." The student asked politely. 
 "Your grades will be decided by how well you have done so far. In the past, usually those that perform well on the first day, then would continue to perform well through the test. I know this might not be really fair, but we will take this into consideration based on your performance on future assessments and adjust your result accordingly. 
 "As for Del's class, they will have an exemption due to the special circumstances they faced and will be tested at some other time. Now the winners, I suppose at these types of events, we always like to promote those that did best so the other students know who to look up to as role models. I shall decide the winners right now then." 
 After hearing Leo say this, many of the students that had done well on the assessment so far we're starting to get excited. They would straighten out their clothes and make sure their hair was ready as they were to be called up to the front. 
 Fay walked over to where Leo was standing and tried to hand him over a clipboard with the scores of all the students points that had been received from the scanner. Instead of taking the clipboard, Leo pushed it away and shook his head. 
 "There is no need," Leo said and glanced towards the crowd of awaiting students. 
 "The winners are as follows, so will these following students please come to the front? Vorden Blade, Layla Munrow, Cia Green, Pio Blank, Fex Seg, Logan Richardson and finally, Quinn Talen." 

 
	 Chapter 273 Why them? 
 As soon as the names were called out and announced, an uproar began to erupt among the students. Why hadn't they been the ones called? The names were so unfamiliar to them. Apart from Vorden, the rest of the names that had been read out were a complete mystery to the other students. 
 Although Logan was a high-level user, he rarely ever visited the classes, so there weren't many that knew what he looked like apart from the ones that were in his class, but even the ones that were in Logan's team were confused as to why his name was called out and not theirs. Especially since Logan had gone missing for most of the expedition. 
 However, the students weren't the only ones that seemed to be confused by their names that had been called out, but so were Quinn and the others. They hardly had the time to scan anything, and even when Peter was underground he didn't use the scanner, because it didn't work while they were down there. 
 "How did they get the top marks? Our group managed to scan around fifteen different plants and 3 new beasts. Are they saying they scanned more than that?" A student complained with a frown. 
 "They must have done that, otherwise why were they called up." Another replied. 
 But for the students that were part of Del's class, they knew that Quinn and the others didn't have much of an opportunity to do anything. Still, they decided to remain quiet. Many of them remembered Quinn's brave actions in saving some of the students from the advanced tier beasts and bringing them to their side. 
 Even though there weren't any points awarded for this, they felt like whatever reward his group was going to get, they deserved it. However, there was one person in Del's class that didn't feel the same way, and that was the teacher Del himself. 
 He still felt a grudge towards these two, and especially after what had happened while they were out. Del was even surprised that the two of them were still alive. 
 "That's impossible, there must be some type of mistake or some cheating going on!" Del remarked loudly. "Those students, I checked the scores on their scanner, and not only that, they had fifty points deducted from their team due to an incident that involved breaking one of my other pupils' arms." 
 Del then quickly looked around for the student who had suffered the arm break, but when looking he was nowhere to be seen, he quickly realized that the student was one of the ones that had been killed on the expedition. 
 Still, his words were just enough for the students to rile up their anger once again. 
 "Hey, I think I recognise him. I always see him in Leo's class. They often spar with each other." A student said. 
 Another student blinked and frowned, "Wait, so are you saying that guy's like a teacher's pet? A suck up!" 
 "This is so unfair! There's no other way to explain this, it has to be favouritism." 
 The group of students that were voicing their concern started to grow, and now the ones that supported Quinn and the others were starting to take a step back as they quickly became the minority. 
 "Enough!" Leo slammed his sheathed blade into the ground and a small little vibration was felt on the ground. "The students that have been called, please come to the front. If I hear another word from anyone..." Leo didn't finish his sentence but they knew he didn't have to. 
 The students had been called and arrived at the front, but instead of looks of admiration and jealousy, they were all stared down with looks of hatred. Cia, who still didn't really feel part of the group was hating every bit of it. The only plus side of the whole thing was they would come out of this assessment with a top grade which would do well for her future. 
 Seeing that the students' anger still hadn't been quelled, Fay herself decided to take some action based on some information she found out earlier. 
 "Listen up all of you, there's a reason why these students here have been selected as the winner of today's event." From the crate for scanners that had been collected behind them, she looked until she pulled out one in particular. 
 "This scanner here is from the student Logan. At the time, each of these students had discovered something that was worth a lot more points than any beast or plant would ever be." 
 After pressing a button on the scanner, a 3d like holographic model appeared from the scanner. It showed a recreation of the town that Logan had managed to get on his scanner, the one he had made before entering the tunnels below. 
 "As you can all see, this right here is a Dalki base. It looks like they had arrived on this planet before us. This is the real reason why we are leaving. Not just because there are some powerful beasts on this planet." 
 With that everyone understood. No longer did the students who were opposed to leaving were complaining they too wanted to get off this planet as soon as possible. Memories and thoughts went back to situations they would often hear on the TV and internet. Cases of humans, and Dalki interactions on other planets. 
 When this happens, a fight would break out and one side would be obliterated. The problem was a single planet was never enough for either side to reignite the war once again. So one side would have to just grit their teeth and bare it. 
 "If it wasn't for these students discovering such a place, then perhaps none of us would be left standing." Leo said. 
 With no more complaints, the students willingly grabbed their belongings and were prepared to head back to the school once again. It now made sense to the students why the shelter seemed to be on such high alert. 
 It was because the soldiers were getting ready to move out. After all their belongings had been gathered. Several portals had been pulled out and placed on the ground. 
 While looking around, Quinn noticed that the soldiers were busy gathering their things, the same couldn't be said for the civilians who lived in their treetop homes. They stood there with worried looks on their faces peeking from above. 
 "Why aren't they packing their things?" Quinn asked. 
 "What do you mean? These people have nowhere to go." Layla replied. "They probably spent all the money they had to move here. Even if the military did allow them to use the teleporters and head back to earth, they would only be made homeless with no shelter or way to earn credits." 
 "But if the soldiers leave this place, then there will be no one to protect them from beast attacks." Quinn replied. 
 Layla remained silent when Quinn said this and Vorden simply placed his hand on his shoulder. They were both aware of the fate of these people. While Quinn was a little naive. 'The government had helped him, when his parents disappeared... so why couldn't they help them as well?' He thought. 
 HE was starting to think his situation was stranger and stranger, but more than anything he was deeply concerned for the people above. Not only were there adults present but also children. 
 While the students walked through the teleporters, a young little girl who looked only around the age of five, started to wave her hand goodbye to the students. Unaware of what was happening. 
 "This world needs to change. The people at the top need to come crumbling down and When I'm strong enough, I'll come back for you." Quinn said, although he was aware by that time it would probably be too late. 
 Deep underground at the abandoned town, a strange man was still standing on the top floor completely naked. He had been standing there for a while now as he waited for his body to wake up. 
 He was unaware of how long he had been out for, still, it would take some time for his body's function to return to what it once was. 
 "I don't know why it's a vampire's tradition to put one in one of those cylinders completely naked, when one is to go into eternal sleep. They could at least allow for a set of clothes to be left behind." The man said as he seemed deeply concerned by this matter. 
 "I can't just go out and greet the people outside like this. They'll think I've gone mad. Or madder might be the correct term. " He said as he started to laugh out loud at his own words. 
 "Ah, didn't I leave some basic treasure of mine behind? I believe it was a set or armour. Although, whoever entered the tower might have taken a vital piece. I did leave it there as a reward. Let's just hope they didn't choose the area that covers the crown jewels." 
 As the naked man walked down the spiraling staircase, he continued to pace himself sloppily while holding his chained sword in his right hand. Eventually he had reached the platform where another room was located in the center part of the tower. 
 When entering the room, he immediately could see that five metallic cylinders were present. 
 "Looks like someone did take an item. Well that's fine, they did wake me up after all." 
 As the man walked over to the podium which wasn't encased in a metallic cylinder. As he looked down he blinked and raised a brow. 
 "Now out of all the items available for them to get, why on earth would they choose to take the ring?" The man thought to himself, rather confused. 
 **** 
 For MVs artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 274 The return of a legend Part 1 
 Inside the dimly lit room, with the torches of flames flickering. The man stood there wondering about why would anyone choose to take the ring? Out of all the items that he had left behind, it seemed strange. Any experienced vampire at first glance could tell that it was the weakest of the items that had been left and even the least valuable. 
 'Maybe it had been a mistake.' The man thought. Whatever it was, for now, the man was thankful for he needed a new set of clothing. Once he changed and found the person who had woken him up. He would allow whoever had the ring to exchange it for something else he thought. 
 He then walked over to the other five podiums that were covered in the strange metal casing. As he placed his fingertips on the cold outside, in an instant, they seemed to react and started to vibrate. 
 Each one of them went back into the ground revealing the pieces of armour that were once thier. After strapping all the armour on, he was no longer naked. Although through the gaps between certain parts, bare white skin could still be seen, as he was still wearing nothing underneath. 
 The helmet allowed for most of his face to be seen. It had two spiralling red horns on the top, with a thin piece of metal that went down to the nose. 
 "This will have to do, for now, let's just hope I wasn't woken up in the middle of a war. Perhaps that's why the person had left in a hurry after waking me up." The man thought. 
 He continued to go down the spiralling staircase, but he found everything a bit strange. If war really was going on, why wasn't he hearing anything outside? Soon though he had his answer. 
 When stepping outside, he had expected one of two things. A parade of people to be there to welcome him back or a big fight to be taking place. But he saw neither of those things. Instead, all that was left was an abandoned town. 
 When stepping out, he could feel that there was no sign of any others like him in the area, just beasts. He didn't give up, though. 
 "Maybe my senses have yet to wake up." He told himself as he continued to look around at the buildings nearby. He searched and searched, but there was nothing. A few beasts that sensed he was near scurried away not wanting anything to do with the new presence. 
 Finally, he came across something that looked a little interesting. It was a strange human-sized beast that looked like it had been killed not too long ago. The reason why he found it interesting though was because he could sense strange energy from it similar to his own. 
 "Now why would a blood crystal have been left behind with a beast." Seeing this, and feeling the same energy of the beast. He started to think maybe his awakening was an accident. 
 Somehow the blood crystal he had left behind with one of his family members had ended up in the hands of this beast. From the looks of the area it had been abandoned long ago, but he still had no clue how long he had been asleep for. 
 It was quite possible that someone had killed the beast, taken the crystal and then entered the tower unaware of everything that was happening. That would also explain why they would choose to take the ring if they had no clue what the other items did. 
 "Perhaps my stinginess paid off in the end." He said, laughing to himself. Before going into eternal sleep, his closest aid, Steven, had asked him to leave behind certain treasures. 
 They had also asked him to set up trials in the tower, but the man was too lazy for that. When picking out items, he chose the ones that he felt were the easiest to replace. 
 Steven was confused by his actions. If he was going into eternal sleep anyway, it would be best to leave his best equipment for those of the next generation but once a cheapskate always a cheapskate. It was impossible for Steven to change his nature. 
 Thinking back at how it might be possible, there was also the chance that someone not a part of his family or a different species had obtained the blood crystal. He was now glad he didn't leave out powerful items. Otherwise, it could have caused trouble for the outside. 
 "Well, no use thinking about it now." The man said as he stretched his arms. "Before I choose to go back to sleep, I'm quite curious about what happened to everyone here, and I guess there's only one way to find out." 
 The man continued to walk out of the town into the tunnels. The sword was now wrapped around his back, using the chains to hold it onto his chest piece of armour. It seemed like he had picked a tunnel at random when walking. Still, after choosing one path, it carried on for a while until eventually sunlight could be seen at the end. 
 A step was taken out of the tunnel and into the sunlight. The man was surrounded by jungle nature and the rays of sunlight shot through the trees and leaves. They were touching both the skin on his hands and the open area on his face. However, unlike with Quinn and Fex, there was no reaction for the man. 
 "My skin's a little itchy, it would have been nice to have that ring. Otherwise, I might develop a rash of some sort." He complained as he scratched the front of his hand. 
 "Ahhhh!" A scream was suddenly heard coming from his right. Immediately, without thinking about it, he started to dash in the direction of the scream. Moving at an incredible speed, he was able to manoeuvre around avoiding the trees and hitting away the branches and vines that would block his path. 
 Eventually, he could see a little girl just by a river, but she wasn't alone. A large snake, nearly four times the size of the girl, was up on its body with its head held high looking at her. The girl tried to back away, but there was nowhere left for her to go, as the river was behind her and the large black snake in front. 
 The snake dashed forward with its head leading forward. With nothing else to do, the girl closed her eyes and screamed once more as she felt like her life was over. 
 When no pain was felt, she decided to open her eyes again. The snake was no longer there, it had disappeared entirely and instead stood in its place was a man in strange red armour. 
 Seeing the snake had gone, she collapsed onto the floor with her knees hitting the stoney hard ground. "I thought I was going to die..." She said, crying. 
 "It's okay." The man said. "The big snake is gone and won't bother you anymore." 
 When looking at the girl, he noticed that there were a few cuts on her body. The worst wound was one on her knee, it was severely scraped and blood was being drawn from it. 
 The man grabbed her leg and looked at it carefully. "It looks quite bad, but I should be able to help you with that." He then spat on both of his hands and started to rub them together. 
 The girl started to cry even louder, seeing the man do these strange actions. 
 "You're a weirdo, I'm going to be killed by a weirdo!" She cried. 
 "No, no, don't worry, I'm not trying to do anything strange." He replied. "Trust me, my spit is like magic." He then placed his spit covered hands on top of the knee holding it down. 
 The girl felt no pain and waited a few moments, still unsure whether to trust the stranger or not. When the man let go of her knee, the wound had completely disappeared. Looking at it, she was amazed. 
 "Thank you, sir, you must have the ability to heal!" she said. 
 "Ability?" The man replied back, confused. 
 "What's your name?" she asked. 
 "You can call me Arthur." 
 Just then, the smile that was on the girl's face only seconds ago, dropped. She started pulling on Arthur's arm hard. 
 "Arthur, me and you are friends, right?" 
 Arthur nodded in response. 
 "Then please, you have to help me, my family, everyone there in trouble. The soldiers, they went away, I don't know why but they left us all here and shortly after, there was an attack. At first, we managed to stop them but after killing the first beasts more started to come..." As she spoke these words, she was struggling to breathe, gasping for air in between. Arthur could see this was tough for her. She looked extremely young barley older than five. 
 "He then picked her up with one hand and brought her close to his chest. 
 "Just tell me where to go." 
 The girl pointed in a direction, and Arthur immediately moved, it wasn't as quick as before. However, the girl could still feel how fast he was moving, as a breeze similar to when one was riding a bike fast was felt on her face. 
 Every so often, Arthur would stop and ask the girl for directions, she knew roughly where the area was but wasn't sure as she had been running away from the beast and had gotten slightly lost. 
 "I'm so sorry, Arthur." the girl said. 
 Sniffing his nose into the air, he could smell it. 
 "Don't worry, I know where they are." 
 A sweet smell entered his nose, a scent he remembered vividly. The smell of blood. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 275 The return of a legend Part 2 
 Heading towards the direction of the sweat smell, it didn't take long for Arthur to finally reach the shelter. He paused for a second to assess the chaotic situation that was in front of his eyes. A sight he had seen too often, but was hoping not to see when he first had woken up. 
 There were Multiple advanced tier dinosaur plant beasts. They were the same ones that the group of students had encountered and had so much trouble dealing with. Three in total and all were using their vines grabbing and pulling the humans off from the platforms and bridges in the large trees above. They were making an effort fending off the vines with the little beast equipment they had, and some were even using their weak abilities. 
 But the group of humans were spread thin. There were around two hundred of them in total, living in the trees. While the bulk was dealing with the vines, the others were dealing with snakes, wasp-like creatures and even a few giant spiders. 
 Many people had already died, and soon it looked like they would all perish. 
 "Stay here," Arthur said as he placed the girl down on the floor just behind a large tree. Before leaving, he touched the ground just underneath her feet. "Don't worry, you will be safe if anything comes after you." 
 Dashing forward, he clenched his hand into a fist. "You guys aren't worth using my sword on," Arthur said. At the same time, Arthur was relatively low on blood, so he didn't want to use any of his blood skills, so he opted to use his brute strength. 
 Not once did he slow down and now he was right next to the beast's back leg. Using the momentum, he threw his fist, slamming it into the creature's back right foot. A loud shockwave sound was heard, and an indent was made. 
 The humans were above fighting on the bridges and platform. They were only able to see the upper bodies of the large giant dinosaur-like beasts. Then abruptly, in the middle of their fighting, a loud bang was heard. A few seconds later, one of the beasts toppled over onto its side, and its enormous body was slammed onto the ground. 
 The weight of ninety tones hitting the ground was felt even high up in the trees as the leaves shook and fell. 
 "What happened?" A woman shouted who had a bandana across her forehead. She had been leading the group for a while now. It was really only because of her quick decision making the group of people were able to last as long as they had done. 
 "I don't know, one of the beasts suddenly fell over. Whatever it is, it has to be good news right, Ruby?" A man replied as he knocked a vine away coming from another beast, not too far away from the first one. 
 "Not necessarily, maybe its something even stronger. A beast more powerful taking them out. I'm starting to wonder just why the soldiers went up and left like that." Ruby replied. 
 It was only seconds after the first large beasts had been taken down, but the same thing happened again to the next one and shortly after the third beast had fallen as well. 
 Ruby Quickly went over to the edge of the platform and peaked her head over. Not only had the beasts fallen, but they weren't even moving anymore. On closer inspection, she noticed she could see the smallest of wounds, one the size of a fist in a part of its neck. 
 "Isn't that where the beast crystal is located?" She thought. 
 If the beast crystal was removed, it wouldn't always result in the instant death of a beast. Still, it would get rid of the majority of its powers and eventually lead it to die. They had never themselves encountered this type of creature before so they had no clue where the crystal was located. 
 But it was a good idea to target the crystal to weaken it. The strange thing about this type of action, was it was unusual for a beast to do this type of thing. Ruby looked and looked to see if she could see what had defeated them. Whether they were friend or foe, but she could see no one and nothing. 
 Having given up on finding what had possibly saved them, she decided to turn her attention to the rest of the platform and other areas that were still being attacked. When she turned her head, she could see that most of the beasts had gone and been dealt with. 
 A group of people had gathered around a single man and were gossiping and talking. No longer fighting. 
 "What happened?" She asked as she walked over to the group of people. 
 "This man, you won't believe it, but he saved us all." A man shouted with excitement as he called Ruby over. 
 Ruby gulped as she was afraid that the others might be befriending someone they soon might have to fight. When the crowd of people moved to allow Ruby to meet the man, she could finally see what had saved them. 
 However, what she was looking at was nothing like she thought it would be. She could only think one thing, Handsome. 
 At this point, Arthur had already killed the three advanced tier beasts along with the majority of the intermediate tier beasts on the platform and bridges. It didn't take long for the rest of the beasts to know they were outmatched and started to run away. 
 Right now, Arthur no longer had his helmet on. He had gotten a little hot from fighting and running about due to the helmet and decided to take it off for now and held by his side. When the others saw his face, they thought it was one of a hero. 
 How could someone this handsome exist and be this perfect? The world was cruel for giving those already with good looks, strong abilities and powers the others thought. 
 He wished to talk to the people, hoping to find some answers from them about just what had happened on this planet. But he knew they had just come out of a challenging situation and it would be a while before they could answer properly. 
 His questions could wait, he was used to waiting, he had all the time in the world, but it wasn't the same for humans. Their time was limited. 
 "Thank you for helping us, we are in your debt," Ruby said as she bowed down. 
 "Ruby!, Ruby!" An old women came running out from one of the wooden houses on the platform. She had a worried look on her face as she called out to her. 
 "What's wrong mother?" Ruby asked. 
 "I'm sorry... it's Minny, i don't know where she is. I looked everywhere for her." the old women replied. 
 "No..Minny," Ruby said quietly, as it looked like she was about to collapse, but one of the men standing by her side managed to catch her just in time. 
 "Don't worry, we will find her, she's a clever girl and strong just like her mother." Said the man. 
 When hearing these words, Arthur realised the girl he had met earlier looked quite similar to the older girl in front of him. "Was this a little girl around the age of six, she had curly black hair." 
 "That's right," Ruby said. 
 Arthur then pointed to the muddy ground below. Cindy had come out from the trees once the beasts had disappeared. "I'm down here, guys!" she said with a big smile on her face waving above. 
 "Minny watch out!" Ruby screamed at the top of her lungs. 
 One of the beasts had still yet to leave the area. It was a human-sized black and yellow wasp-like creature, and it had set its sight on the little girl. Hovering from above it came nose-diving down. 
 The people and Ruby felt lost and hopeless. 
 They were just way too far away to do anything, and none of them had the power to stop what was just about to happen. 
 The only one that didn't look worried though was Arthur. As the Wasp creature got closer to Minny, just underneath her foot, the shadows started to move like an ocean. 
 Then when the wasp was inches away, a gigantic hand appeared from Minny shadows and grabbed the wasp, stopping it in its tracks. 
 Arthur then held out his hand and said two words. "Shadow lock." The shadow dissipated and with it, the wasp did too. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 276 A Strong mind 
 As usual, the head general Pual had left on one of his expeditions. This meant that the three other generals were left to run the military base, including the school while the others were away. Mike, the oldest and most experienced of the generals, was mainly in charge of running the base and other soldiers when this happened. 
 This was a task usually for the head general, but because he was often away on other work, Mike would be put in charge. What this meant was the remaining two Generals, Nathan, head of first years and Duke, head of second years were in charge of running the school. 
 Inside his office, Nathan had his feet up on his desk and was laid back in his chair. It was the first time he felt like this in a while. With the first years on the outing, there wasn't much for him to do at the moment, and for the first time, he could finally take a break. 
 "I wish I had this much free time everyday," Nathan said. Although he was still concerned for the students, the fact that Leo would be with them eased him a little. He was one of the very few people who actually knew Leo's real strength. 
 The probability of the students being on a high-risk planet was low, but even if they were, he was sure Leo could deal with it. 
 Just then, a loud knock was heard on his door. 
 "Come in." Nathan shouted. 
 The soldier quickly opened the door and had a panicked look all over his face. 
 "Sir, it's sergeant, Leo. He has sent a message informing us that he will be coming back soon." 
 "What!" Nathan said, jumping out of his chair. "It's only been one day." 
 The man gulped before passing on the next bit of information. 
 "That's not all Sir, I think you better take a look at the report he sent. It seems like the whole shelter will be evacuating from the place. 
 Quickly, Nathan read the detailed report that had been written out, and his eyes opened up wide. 
 If what was in the report was true, he couldn't fault Leo's decision making. 
 Inside the portal room, in the school. Multiple medical staff and military personnel were there waiting on standby due to Nathan's orders. The information from the integration at the shelter had been passed on. Most of the students had already been healed at the shelter, but this was just a precautionary measure. 
 Nathan was also standing in the room nervously tapping his foot away until finally, the portal started to flicker. First to come through the portal was Leo, and eventually, all the students began to follow from behind. 
 The students were led to their class groups where their teachers would round them and wait for further instructions. When the last student had existed the portal, and everyone there had been confirmed present. 
 Nathan gave the command. 
 "Cut the link." Nathan ordered. 
 Two soldiers immediately ran up to the portal and pressed two buttons on either side of the portal, a few seconds later, and the orange wavy like colour had disappeared. Now when looking at the portal through the circle, the other end of the wall could be seen. 
 This was a necessary step to make sure that no beasts or other things would be able to follow them from behind and enter the base. 
 The portal was then quickly taken away, off to the side. It wouldn't be used for student activity and would only be used once again when the portal colour had been changed to red, and for stronger soldiers to enter. 
 The students didn't know what was going on as they waited in the room for the next command. While doing so, Vorden had a heavy thought on his mind as he looked over in the direction of Cia. 
 "Hey Quinn, we need to do something about Cia." Vorden whispered. "She saw your abilities, and not only that, but she also saw Fex transform into that thing. I don't know why she hasn't told anyone yet, but it's too risky for her to know." 
 Hearing this, Quinn couldn't agree more. It didn't matter why Cia was keeping it a secret. Unlike the others before, she wasn't a friend. 
 "Before you go," Vorden said, as he placed his hand outward and handed something over to Quinn. 
 When looking at what he had just been given, Quinn noticed it looked identical to the earring that Fex was wearing. Black in colour and a rectangular shape. 
 "It's that flying bull, it told me to hand it back to Fex, while you're talking to him you can hand it back." 
 Quinn looked at the item, and found it interesting that the bull was able to transform into a small piece of jewellery like this. It really made him wonder if he would be able to get something like this. 
 As he walked over to Fex and handed over the earring, he leaned over and started to whisper. 
 "Hey Fex, we were just speaking, but do you think you could use your skills on Cia, to make her forget about the whole situation?", Quinn asked. 
 "I don't;t think it will be a problem, but I'll be honest with you. It's a lot of information, and a lot of things happened. It will be hard to fill in the blanks in her head if I do this. It might even cause her brain to be slightly damaged, removing so many events." 
 Quinn didn't like the sound of that. He hated the thought that perhaps he would have to hurt people related to his matter just to keep a secret. Just because she had the fate of joining Quinn's team, it was possible she would now suffer for it. 
 When someone did something wrong to him, like the time in the desert, he had no problems, but Cia hadn't directly tried to hurt him. 
 "What do you think?" Quinn asked, hoping for some guidance. 
 "If it was down to me, I would have removed her memories already. It's just too risky Quinn. I know you by now, and maybe you feel bad for her. But if humans find out about us, then that means the vampires will find out about us, and I'm more worried about them. They will kill and slaughter every person that knows of this secret to keep it hidden." 
 What Fex said had hit Quinn quite hard. Not only would they go after him, but Vorden, Peter, Layla, Erin, Leo. It would affect multiple people who had only helped him so far. 
 "Sometimes, we have to sacrifice a few to save the many", Quinn mumbled, as he clenched his fist. He hated saying these words, but he needed to convince himself. 
 It felt like what he was about to do right now was no different from what the military was doing. They hadn't;t even tried to save the people at the shelter they were just at. But they had a choice while, Quinn felt like he did not. 
 "Go ahead", Quinn said as he gave the nod. 
 Right now, Cia had departed from the others. She had agreed to herself that she would keep the other's secret, but honestly, the main reason was she didn't want to even get involved with people like that. A group of students who had way too many secrets, it just smelt like trouble. 
 She herself didn't like the military that much in the first place, so getting on their good side didn't mean much for her. If she could go through her life without ever having to interact with the others again, then she would be happy, the problem was she couldn't... 
 While deep in thought about what her next move would be, she felt someone walking up from behind. 
 "You..." She said a little startled as she moved back a bit. Still in her head were images of what the student had turned into. Although she was terrified, she quickly took a deep breath and calmed herself down. There was a high chance that Fex just had a transform ability that changed him into a type of muscular creature. 
 Still, she remembered the power and loss of control Fex had back then, and it seemed like the Bloodsucker was a lot more frightening than even the King tier beast they had faced. 
 "Don't worry, you won't be afraid of me anymore," Fex said as his eyes started to glow red. 
 It was the usual thing, and something Fex had done plenty of times while in school. He just needed to wait for the typical response as her eyes would start to grow dull and glow a slight red in return. 
 Cia seeing Fex's eyes slightly change stepped back. "Hey, what are you trying to do to me!" She shouted. As she said this, a few of the students nearby had turned their head to look at what was going on. 
 'Huh, why isn't it working? Am I too tired, No it can't be that.' Fex thought. 'Is her mind strong?' 
 He didn't quite clock on to what was happening at first since it was a feeling he wasn't used to, but it was clear that she was able to resist his powers. 
 Seeing that now others were paying attention to them. Fex quickly turned around. 
 "Sorry, just forget about it", he said as he walked off back to the others. 
 "Did you do it?" Quinn asked, unsure what had just happened. 
 "No," Fex replied. "She resisted against it. It's the first time something like this has happened." 
 'Isn't she only a level four ability user' Quinn thought. 
 The influence skill relied on one's charm skill. Up to this point, Fex charm had always been higher and stronger than Quinn's. Fex had used his ability on several students before and that included Level four ability users. He never thought of the possibility of his influence, not working. 
 The problem was, it didn't matter how strong the individual was with their abilities. It was all about how strong their mind was. There were some people Quinn could imagine the influence skill never working on, such as Logan, Vorden and Leo. These people were just too strong-willed. 
 However, when looking at Cia, he didn't feel the same way. Wasn't she just an ordinary student? So why didn't Fex's influence skill work on her? 
 ***** 
 Job situation in author's note if interested. 

 
	 Chapter 277 Upcoming Even 
 Hearing the shocking news that Fex had just failed, Quinn was busy pondering what to do. There was always the chance that something like this might happen. Perhaps a high level would see them, and they would be unable to deal with it in the usual way. 
 This thought was always on the back of Quinn's mind. When he thought about it, again and again. The ending that played out in his head was always the same. He would have to kill them. 
 It was too risky to leave something open, and while he was still in military school, there was no chance to run away or escape. While looking at Cia, images started to flash through Quinn's mind of the possible ways he could do this, and a certain disturbing image entered his head. 
 One of him holding Cia in both hands with blood dripping from his mouth. And, by her neck were two puncture wounds. 
 "Hey, why don't you try to clear her memory?" Fex said. This suggestion might have seemed out of the blue before, but right now not so much. Fex had his reasons. 
 After witnessing Quinn fight against the king tier beast, he knew that his speed was already of that of a vampire Noble. Fex wasn't sure if Quinn had evolved and gone to the stage of vampire noble just yet, but there was still a chance his charm was stronger then his. 
 Coincidentally, when Fex had made this suggestion, Quinn thought the same thing. Were his current charm points higher then Fex's? He felt a great increase in speed once his points had reached above thirty. 
 If his charm skills didn't work currently against Cia. There was actually a good chance that it could still work once his charms skills had reached above thirty. 
 "It could work.. but if it doesn't..." 
 Before he could even make a decision, Nathan had already started to make an announcement. 
 "Listen up, everyone", Nathan said as he raised his hand in the air. "There is no need for the students to stay here any longer. Feel free to head back to your rooms, and in the morning we shall inform you of your schedule next week. We might even send a message out tonight so keep an eye out for it on your wristwatch. 
 "As for all homeroom teachers, I would like you to stay behind for now." 
 As soon as Nathan said those words, the doors to the portal hall were opened wide, and the students already started heading back to their dorm rooms. They were tired, defeated and just wanted to forget about the experience they had gone through. 
 When looking around, Cia had already gone. It was now night time, and the curfew for the students to stay in their rooms was just about to pass. For now, he would have to trust Layla to keep an eye on her, until he met up with her the next day. 
 All the students promptly left the room, and the teachers remained along with the sergeants and Nathan. 
 "First, I would like to tell you the whole planet has been evacuated of military personnel for now. We will no longer be required to explore the planet and a special ops unit will be sent in the future to figure out whether the Dalki already has inhabited the place or not." Nathan explained. 
 "Wait, I don't understand?" Del said, a little frustrated. "I thought we all left because we knew the Dalki were there?" 
 "Our information sources say they might have been chased away or even something else. The reason why I am saying this, is due to their base still being full of blue crystals. If the Dalki really had taken over the planet already, they would have taken all the crystals with them already." 
 Although Del didn't have any wishes to continue the mission alone, he thought they might still have a chance to complete it with Leo and Fay by his side. He knew what the military was like; he had been with them long enough. 
 Because this expedition had been cancelled early, they would soon ask them to go on another one. If they had finished this one, they might have been good for a whole year. 
 "This information would have been passed onto you all later on anyway." Nathan explained. "The real reason why I asked you to stay behind is due to the upcoming inter military base event in two weeks." 
 "What does that have to do with us?" a female teacher asked. "Usually, all the second years take all the places, right?" 
 "Yes, usually that is the case, but this year they have decided to do something different. Apparently, there are a few strong first-year students from the other military bases that wish to take part in the event. 
 "So this year, they have decided that each class must select at least one student for the three main events. Ranged ability tournament, Fighting tournament and the crafting tournament. You all should have a list ready for me by the end of the week of who you think will participate. 
 "Paul has stated that this inter military tournament is an important event, so you must select your best. If your students do well, this will reflect on you, and you shall be rewarded for it. Not all of our positions are based on strength, and soon one of our oldest sergeants will be retiring. Does anyone have a list of the current ranking of students?" 
 Hearing what Nathan had just said, Del started to have a slightly worried look on his face. Not only did the students think Del's class was one of the weakest ones, but the teachers did as well, and Del was aware of this. 
 In his head, he was trying to think just who to pick for the event. 
 A soldier from the side walked up to Nathan and handed him over a tablet. On the tablet was a list of every first-year student with a score beside their name. 
 "Well, well, this is a surprise." Nathan said. "It seems like Del's class has the most top-ranked students currently." 
 Hearing this, his jaw nearly dropped to the floor. How could it be, he thought, then suddenly. He started to remember what had just happened. Leo had awarded the group with the most points for the outing. That group belonged to his class, not only that but in the last assessment, Quinn and his group didn't do too bad either, scoring around the mid-level. 
 With top scores in one and middle scores in the other, it positioned Quinn's group and teammates relatively high on the current ranking. 
 "I shall be expecting some good things from you." Nathan said as he looked at Del. "Now go get some rest everyone. I will update you with what is to happen tomorrow." 
 At another military base, it seemed like the group of teachers were having a similar meeting. However, this one was a lot more formal. All the teachers had gathered in a meeting room. 
 There were a total of ten teachers, including the sergeant that sat at the head of the table. One of the teachers was sat upright, stiff and still listening keenly to every word being said. 
 "Does everyone understand?" a relatively large fat man said at the front. 
 "Yes, sir!" Silver replied the quickest and was most responsive. 
 "Why can't you guys be more like her." The man said. "Not only does she always look stunning in the morning, but she works hard and is responsive and she's the new one. Keep this up." The man then turned off the presentation as he left the meeting room. 
 The other teachers followed, leaving the room one by one, when a male student named Justin noticed that Silver still hadn't left from her seat. She had been in the same position the whole meeting, and even with it having ended, she stayed there firm. 
 "Hey, Silver the meetings over are you coming back?" Justin asked. 
 Silver turned her head and her silver hair with strands of black as tossed across her face. As Justin saw this, he felt like he was watching one of those shampoo commercials in slow motion. Everything seemed to slow down as he appreciated her beauty. 
 "I'm sorry my mind was on something else." Silver said as she stood up from her seat and walked straight past Justin out of the door ignoring him. 
 "Wait!" Justin called out. "Maybe I can help, do you need anything?" 
 Silver lifted her hand and wafted it about in the air. "I don't think I would even ask for your help with boiling an egg. Just stick to teaching." 
 As she walked off, her head was still filled with one thought. In the meeting they had mentioned the torment was coming up, there every single base would travel to base one to participate. The largest military base of them all. Here, she would finally meet the person she was looking for. 
 "I can almost smell you Fex." She said as she licked her lips. 
 **** 
 For MVS Artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 278 Controlling emotions 
 The students had a better sleep they did when comparing to the whole time they had spent at school. They were exhausted from the trip and more than they realised both mentally as well as physically. Although a lot of them didn't like the military school they had to admit it was nice to be back here. In terms of danger, it's one of the safest places they could be right now. 
 Late last night a message was sent out to all of the students stating that their morning classes had been cancelled. At the same time, in the afternoon, they would be required to return to their homeroom classes. 
 Before anything else, Quinn decided to make a stop just outside the girl's dorm and was currently standing outside Layla's room. He had travelled there the early morning the second he was able to leave his room. It seemed like no one else had woken up yet. 
 A knock was made, and he patiently waited until a drowsy looking Layla had answered the door. She was standing there by the doorway rubbing her eyes with her short pink pyjama bottoms and a shirt that didn't have the top three buttons done up. It looked as if the shirt was barely hanging onto her, as the top of her shoulders could be seen. 
 "Who's here so early in the morning?" She said as she finally stopped rubbing her eyes." Quinn?... Wait! Quinn!" She shouted. 
 Quickly, Layla grabbed her shirt doing her buttons up as her face had gone bright red. If she knew who was coming to the door, she would have been better dressed then this, but it was too late, and Quinn had already seen her. 
 Regaining her composure, she wanted to redirect the attention back towards Quinn. "Do you need something, it must be important if you came this early?" When asking the question, she took a look at his face. 
 Noticing that while she was flustered and worried about the situation, it hadn't affected Quinn at all. He didn't feel embarrassed by what he had just seen, and the situation seemed to only be awkward for her. 
 'I didn't realise I was that unattractive.' She thought. 
 Although that wasn't the case at all. When Quinn had first seen her at the door, the first thing he thought was she had quite a nice body, showing more skin then he should have been able to have seen. 
 The problem was, ever since turning into a full vampire, even though the feelings were there, it was as if they felt suppressed. They didn't show out on the surface. There were a few times this happened to him before, such as when he was scared. 
 For certain situations, he thought it was quite helpful. When going through the whole ordeal with Peter, and seeing him eat the human flesh, he believed it was the only thing that had gotten him through it. Otherwise, he might have never been able to sleep again. 
 The other situation where it had helped was during fights. 
 Before when fighting as a human, the adrenaline would get to him. His hands and body would start trembling before the fight had even begun. Still, just as some feelings were suppressed others seemed to be amplified, and one of these feelings was anger. 
 There were a few occasions when he felt like this feeling had wholly consumed him and taken over. Of course, he had this happen as a human. When one was so angry, they didn't even know what they were doing, and their body acted before they did. Only now these angry episodes seemed to be happening more often. 
 Things that wouldn't have bothered him so much was starting to grate on him. Like the shop keeper, and when Cia had stabbed him with her spirit spear. 
 Peeking his head slightly through the door, he started to look around if he could see Cia. In the room, he could see a bundle of quilts all rolled up and a person inside fast asleep. 
 "Did she do anything to you last night?" Quinn whispered. 
 Layla then walked forward and closed the door slightly behind her as she shook her head. 
 "We didn't speak much before she was a team member. Honestly, it's pretty much the same as she said before. We still talk to each other casually, but didn't say anything about what happened on the trip at all." 
 Hearing this, Quinn didn't know if it was a good thing or a bad thing, was she just trying to pretend everything didn't happen? 
 "If you don't mind," Quinn asked. "Would you be able to get her to come here now, say I need to speak to her about something." 
 "I can try", Layla said. 
 Layla walked up to Cia's bed and planned to try to gently wake her up by rolling her backwards and forwards, but when she was just a few steps away from the bed, Cia said... 
 "I'm awake, you don't have to wake me up." She took the quilt off and sat upright. Unlike Layla, she was already in her military uniform rather than her pyjamas. She then looked Layla in the eyes. 
 "It's one of your friends, right?" She said. "I'll speak to them, but please... come with me." When saying these words, Layla could feel they were genuine, and there was a slight fear in them; it was a normal reaction after what she had seen. 
 When getting off the bed and walking towards the door, without asking, she forcefully grabbed Layla's hand. She practically dragged her with her to the door. 
 Quinn could see the two of them holding hands and didn't know quite what to make of it. 
 "I was wondering which one of you they would send to come to talk to me." Cia said. "But I guess it would make sense for the so-called leader they all follow, to come to speak to me." 
 "Leader?" Quinn replied strangely. He never saw himself as the leader of the group. That position, he felt like belonged more to either Vorden or Logan. They were the ones making the decisions most of the time. 
 The reason why Cia had come to this conclusion was it seemed like whenever they were planning stuff or talking. Everyone in the group would always naturally ask Quinn for confirmation. It was as if Quinn didn't agree with it, then they wouldn't go through with it. 
 Even if he didn't feel that way, it was clear he was the natural leader of their group. 
 Ignoring what had just been said, Quinn decided to continue with what he wanted to do. He wasted no time and immediately activated his influence skill. 
 Once again, Cia could see the person's eyes in front of her glow red, only this time, something was drawing her in as her mind seemed to drift away. 
 Noticing what was happening, She clenched her left fist hard and was free while the other hand was holding onto Layla. 
 While Quinn was in the middle of using his skill, he could suddenly smell something sweet. 
 'Is that blood?' 
 The drifting feeling was no longer felt, and Cia's mind was back where it was once again. When looking towards the direction of the smell, Quinn noticed that Cia's hand was dripping blood. She had managed to dig her own fingernails into the palm of her hand to cause an immense amount of pain. Redirecting her mind somewhere else, causing his skill to fail. 
 The action didn't go unnoticed, and even Layla was impressed. One would have to have an extreme will power to be able to hurt themselves to the point where they would bleed. The normal reaction for a human was to not hurt itself. Even the agents at Pure would struggle to do something like this. 
 "Again you guys tried doing something to me", she said as she backed away, now clenching Layla's hand even tighter. "Look, if it's about what I saw, I won't say anything. I don't know why you are hiding your abilities and your power. The only thing I will say to you is, don't threaten me. 
 "I don't know who you think I am, but I'm not like people you have met before. Remember I'm keeping your secret. So if I need a favour from you guys. I'll be coming to you." With that Cia slammed the door shut and Quinn was unable to get the last word in. 
 "Maybe it didn't work now, but I felt something", he said. Quinn could feel that it started to work, but her mind was just a little too strong as she was able to resist his charm skills. If he was to get his Charm points over thirty, he was confident he could remove her memory. 
 Cia hadn't told their secret so far, even though there were plenty of opportunities, for now, he would just have to keep an eye on her and trust Layla to make sure she didn't say anything. Still, he would prepare himself for a plan B. 
 Inside the room, Cia's heart was beating at an incredible rate, and Layla could feel and see this too. She was wondering why it seemed like Cia trusted her so much. She was just a part of Quinn's group as much as anyone else. 
 Cia then looked over at Layla and gave a big smile. 
 'Do you not even think of me as part of Quinn's team?' Layla thought. 
 With the first Job on Quinn's list done, there were a few more things, he wanted to take a look at. In his hand right now was the blue crystal that he had obtained from the tunnel from below. He was sure Logan would be interested in such a thing, but there was a second reason he wanted to visit Logan as well. 
 To see and test out the detail of the new skill he had obtained, Shadow eater. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 279 Blue crystals and a teacher? 
 A knock was heard on one of the doors in the VIP dorm area, and while waiting for Logan to answer, Quinn started to look around the place. The area around them covered the same size as the area of the boys' dorms just underneath. 
 Roughly two hundred and fifty students were living below. So it made Quinn start to wonder just how many VIP students were possibly at the school. The rooms were far larger, but still, whenever, Quinn came up here, he never saw anyone come out from their rooms. 
 It made him think that maybe most of the rooms were empty or they just liked staying indoors all the time like Logan. Maybe there were some students they still hadn't seen or met that were just as strong as Logan and Vorden. 
 While in the middle of his thought, Logan had opened the door and immediately pulled Quinn in by the sleeve before shutting the door behind them. To his surprise, Peter was already in the room as well. 
 "I don't sleep, remember?" Peter said, seeing that Quinn looked confused. 
 "Don't mind him," Logan said. "He was just helping me along with my research." When looking at Peter, it seemed like he was more being used as a human vending machine. In his arms, he held multiple sandwiches and drinks and was just standing there in one place. 
 If he didn't know any better, he would have thought Peter's master had been Logan rather than himself. 
 'When did the two of them get so close?' Although this wasn't a bad thing. It was good if Peter could listen to others without the need for Quinn to use his blood or force command on Peter. 
 Logan had quickly gone to one of his workbenches, where it looked like he was analyzing something. He placed a strange looking digital monocle on one eye and had his tool glove on the other. 
 "So, what did you want?" Logan asked. 
 "I actually came to give you a gift..." As Quinn said those words, he stopped midway. When walking over to the bench, he had spotted that Logan already had what Quinn was about to give him. 
 Currently, on the workbench was the blue crystal, it looked identical to the one Quinn was just about to give. The crystal was placed in a strange device and had multiple wires and crocodile clips attached. Information was being processed from the crystal to the computer. 
 After placing the crystal down by Logan's side, he let out a big sigh. "I should have known you would have taken one already." Quinn remarked and proceeded to ask, "Well, what is it? Have you figured it out already?" 
 Logan spun around in his chair and lifted his monocle from his left eye. It was slightly red as if he hadn't blinked for a long time while inspecting the crystal. 
 "I'm not 100 percent sure but I can tell you one thing. These crystals radiate and give the same energy as a beast crystal." Logan explained. 
 "What, but there were thousands of them underneath the planet. Is this the first time something like this has been discovered?" Quinn asked. 
 Logan then proceeded to pick up the crystal. Quinn handed him and replaced it with the other crystal. After confirming that both of the crystals were indeed the same type, he began his explanation. 
 "I don't think so, I have a little theory of mine you see. I always found it odd that the military was so concerned about conquering the beast planets before the Dalki did. It didn't really make any sense to me. Sure the beasts could be used to make better weapons but why the need to beat the Dalki to the punch? 
 "I think that the military doesn't just want these planets for the beasts but quite possible for these crystals we found as well. Maybe these crystals are also the answer to where do the magical beasts come from in the first place. They don't mate like normal mammals. We have confirmed that much." Logan explained. 
 "You said the crystals were like beast crystals, do you know what they do?" Quinn asked. 
 "That will be part of my next phase, when I find out more information I'll come tell you. Thanks for the second crystal. Honestly, I was afraid of melting the only crystal I had down, so this will be a big help to my research. Oh by the way, did you find anything in the tower that might be interesting?" Logan asked. 
 Since coming back from the portal outing, Quinn had never mentioned he had gone to the tower. He was always amazed how Logan was able to guess things, and after lying to him before it felt a little harder to lie to him again. 
 He looked down at his hand and saw the ring, in truth, the only thing he had obtained from the tower was the ring. There were other items, but he didn't get any of the others. 
 "I only got this beast ring," Quinn said. "There was other stuff there, even a strong looking sword, but we were unable to get it." 
 Quinn went on to explain further about specific details to Logan. He didn't say it was a vampire tomb, but did talk about the blood crystal he had in his hand and how it got taken away. 
 "It's a shame about that blood crystal, that might have also helped us out with these blue crystals as well," Logan said as he went back to inspecting the blue crystals. 
 Looking around the room, Quinn spotted the VR machine. He hadn't used the one in Logan's room for a while now, especially since Logan gave him the stick that allowed him to connect to the private servers from any of the VR capsules. 
 "Hey, you don't mind if I use that, do you?" Quinn asked. 
 Logan wafted his hand in the air, not even saying a word. There was no need to ask Logan anymore if he could use it. There was now quite a bond of trust between everyone in the group. 
 They had experienced a life-threatening event together, and that always seemed to bring people closer together. 
 After entering the VR pod, Quinn logged into the private server and was now in the white training space. 
 [System skill: Shadow eater] 
 [Info: ?????] 
 For the first time, when unlocking a skill, there was no information on what the skill could do or it's effect. When trying to use the skill, it was the same result. 
 Before he could use the system to activate the shadow skills, and this was the same with his blood skills. He would only have to think of the skill before using it, and his body would slightly start to react on its own. After repeating this a few times, Quinn got used to the feeling of each action and eventually was able to perform them on his own without the system's guidance. 
 This made the timing of the skills a lot faster and the flow better. There were some skills that took more time to do that with, such as the Daze, and influence skill which he still relied on the system for its help. 
 So when he had unlocked the Shadow eater skill, he had assumed the same. Only this time, when trying to use it, nothing would happen at all, and with no description of what the skill did, he was at a loss. 
 Inside the game and room, he repeatedly tried everything he could with the shadow. Imagining in his head what the skill would be and would try to initiate it using the shadow. After a couple of hours of trying though he felt like giving up. 
 "System, why can't I activate this skill, it's unlocked, right?" 
 "Once again, I don't really know. Remember I wasn't the one that created the system, I only helped design it." The system said. "However, I do think there is a way you can still learn it. The only thing I can think of is to find a teacher. Another person who uses the shadow. 
 "Although, there might not even be anyone that knows how to use the shadow skill that is alive." 
 Other than skill books, this was another way one would be able to pass down skills to others, by teaching and showing them how to use it. Family members and originals would often do this. 
 "What do you mean by that?" Quinn asked. 
 Once again, the system had decided to remain silent about his second question. 
 "Isn't the shadow an ability only compatible with Vampires though? Where the hell would I find a teacher for that, especially if you're telling me there all dead. Does that mean I will never be able to use this skill!" 
 Quinn was a little frustrated at the situation he was in. The skill had cost him one of the rewards he had obtained for completing the quest. Also, by being the most expensive shadow skill to unlock in his system he thought that it would be something amazing. Something that might even greatly increase his power for the next outing or even if unknowns were able to come after him. 
 "Who knows..." the system replied. "I said there might not be anyone alive. That doesn't mean there isn't anyone there." 
 Somewhere, out on one of the beast planets. Arthur was walking by ruby's side, when suddenly, his nose felt itchy, and a big sneeze came out. 
 "Whoa, someone must be talking about me," Arthur remarked. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 280 The return of ... 
 Inside one of the homeroom classes at the front of the class, was a single person sitting at his desk. A holographic display was in front of him with the list of all the students' names in the class. Both of his hands were up by the side of his head. Any second now he felt like he would pull his hair apart. 
 "Why the hell do the school care about this crappy event so much!" Del complained. 
 Right now, he was trying to decide who to select for the three events that every class had to participate in. There were more events than these, but those positions were usually taken by the second-year students, and Del thought the same would happen this year, but it didn't seem to be the case. 
 At first, he had sorted the list by power levels. Noticing that there weren't many and the highest power level in their class was Vorden at level five. While right at the bottom was Quinn with the ability level of one. 
 "Why did I have to be given a class with such weak students?" he thought. He knew there was a low chance of his class performing well and rather than that being a reflection of himself, he felt like fate had just given him a bad hand. 
 Next, he decided to sort the list by where the students current ranking was via points. This was based on the two assessments that had been done so far. The list drastically changed after that. Shifting Quinn, who was right at the bottom, to near the top of the list with the rest of his teammates. 
 A part of him wanted to select Quinn for the fighting event to see how far he would go, and hopefully would learn his place, but he knew the management team would think he was crazy for selecting a level one student to fight. 
 A thought then came to his head, an idea that the upper management couldn't disagree with. Not only did Del have to pick three participants, but he also needed to decide three substitute places for the event. As long as he had some type of reasoning, then it would be fine. 
 Just then, the classroom door opened, as the students started to filter in. It had just passed midday and the morning off the students were able to enjoy had come to an end as they were told to head to their homeroom classes. 
 When everyone sat in thier setas thier was a heavy atmosphere. When looking around, they noticed that many seats were left empty, empty form those who had died. 
 Del quickly closed the hologram. The teachers were allowed to know the rank of everyone in the class, but the students were not. Although many of them already had an idea as they could see how well others had performed. 
 Once everyone was seated in their seats, Del stood up from his desk and started the class. "All right, everyone, there are no lessons for today, but the reason why you have all been called in, is due to the upcoming event. Not all of you will be taking part in it. But, there will be duties given to each student to prepare support for your school and military base." 
 Del then started to read groups of names in the class, telling them each what their duty would be for the event. Some were in charge of creating decorations and banners to support their base while in the crowds. Others were in charge of helping with supplies and bringing food to the event, and there were even more roles given to the others. 
 No one was really interested in this, as everyone was wondering just who in their class would be selected for the three upcoming events. 
 "And finally, it was a tough decision, but now I will announce who will be participating in the upcoming three events." 
 Excitement was filled in the room. A Lot of the students had an idea of who would get selected for the fighting tournament, but for the other two events, they had no idea. 
 "First off, for the fighting tournament, I have decided to select the highest ability level and also one of the top-ranked students. Vorden Blade." As his name was called, Vorden stood up, so everyone was able to see who had been called and selected. 
 There were no complaints from the other students as they felt like this was the expected result. Other than Erin, there really wasn't anyone as skilful as Vorden. They had all seen him that day in the hall fight his way out of a tough situation, only using Layla's ability. 
 "Next up, for the Ranged event I have decided to select Layla Munrow." 
 After hearing her name, she didn't immediately stand up. She thought there must have been some type of mistake. Yes, her main weapon was a bow, but there were others in the classes that were more skilled than her. 
 Unlike when Vorden was picked, some whispers were going around the room, as they weren't quite sure why Del had decided this. 
 "I can see there is some confusion. The reason Layla has been selected is because of her ability. It matches well with her weapon. As you may know, the event differs slightly every year. I believe her versatile skills with using the bow will come in handy. Not only that, but she is currently one of the top students out of the first years in terms of points. This could only be possible for those that had at least some skill." Del explained. 
 Although there were quite a few students who still disagreed with Del. They did feel like his reasoning made sense. Still, several of the students who contained ranged abilities were looking in her direction. They couldn't help but feel for some reason a certain group of students were getting special treatment. 
 After getting the most points for the portal outing, and now even taking two of the places in class. 
 "Finally for the crafting tournament. I believe there is only one student in our class that is currently in the crafting club, correct? Benny Li shall be the one who will take part in the crafting tournament." 
 The crafting tournament was for those who mainly planned to become a blacksmith or a type of tailor in the future. Their abilities usually complemented them in the forging process of creating great weapons and clothes. 
 It was rare to have an ability that would match this, so they were quite hard to come by and highly sought out by not only different factions but the military as well. Quinn was lucky that he had found Logan to create the suit for him. Otherwise, he would have had to go off and search for a forger like Benny. 
 Eventually, though, he knew he would have to search for one of these people in the future. If he wanted to carry on getting stronger. For him, he could rely on the shop for now, but the top equipment in the world needed to be created by top-class forgers. 
 Quinn was a little upset that he was unable to participate in the event. He remembered Nate who he had met in the VR game had mentioned it multiple times. Quinn was also interested in facing him and other strong opponents. 
 They had the plan with Vorden if anyone was ever to find out Quinn used shadow abilities. So there was a chance he could have participated in the tournament. Still, there was also the chance that there might be other vampires there who would see his ability. 
 Day by day, Quinn could feel himself getting stronger, and it was only a matter of time before he would be able to protect himself from the threats around him. The problem was his friends, he needed to get even stronger so he could protect them as well. 
 "Now that all of the participants have been announced for the event, it's time for me to announce the substitutes. In case any of the participants get seriously injured before the event, or back out and go missing. These students shall take their place." Del explained. 
 "For the Ranged event, Silly Dundee, For the fighting event we shall have, Quinn Talen and lastly for the crafting event, Sissy Rondo." 
 The conversation between the students really started to heat up now, as one of the names mentioned was someone who was well known in the class for being a level one. Recently he had been getting a lot of attention as well. 
 "Excuse me sir, but why Quinn? Isn't he the weakest in our class?" A student asked. 
 Del surprisingly came out with a response Quinn didn't expect. 
 "Do you really think so? If we were to go by ability level then perhaps you could say he is the weakest, but there have been reports that he has learnt the martial arts taught by Leo quite well, and you all saw what happened when that advanced beast attacked us. 
 "Quinn was the only one brave enough to go in and try rescuing those students. Besides, it's only a substitute. Rarely has a substitute ever been called in to take part or fight in the tournament." 
 Even though Del seemed to be praising Quinn and giving him compliments. Quinn didn't like it one bit. He had seen Del's strange character actions during the class's crises, and it didn't make sense for him to say these types of things. 
 "If there are no more questions, then you are free to spend time as you wish for the rest of the day", Del said as he went up and left the classroom. 
 All of the classes currently were doing the same thing as Del's class. Selecting students for the upcoming events and giving them each a role. While everyone was busy, inside the portal room, one of the green's portal energy started to flicker and warp. 
 Two guards were stationed outside by the door, while two guards were also stationed inside to keep a watch. They noticed the strange reaction of the portal. When something like this was happening, it meant someone was coming through from the other side. 
 Both of them took a step back and got into a fighting position, while one of them pressed his hand up against his ear. 
 "Report, something is coming through one of the green portals. Still unidentified, will inform you immediately of what it is." 
 Stepping out from the green portal was a human figure. It was a teenage boy wrapped up in a hooded cloak. He looked dirty and beat, and his skin had been darkened from the sun. 
 The boy started to look around the room. "Finally, I'm back. I can't believe it!' 
 "Hey, you, who are you, state your name!" One of the guards shouted. 
 The boy held up both of his hands, to try to prove that he was innocent. "Wait, wait... I'm a student here, check your records." The boy then took down his hood, revealing his face. "See, my name's Pio Blank." 

 
	 Chapter 281 The White room 
 The last thing she remembered seeing before entering the portal, was her wristwatch being chucked out in the distance. She made sure to keep an eye on it, seeing that it had landed just before the cliffside. 
 It was the only thing that she had left, that would allow her to keep in contact with the others. It was starting to make her really realize what a desperate situation she was in. 
 There was no choice now, there was no turning back for Erin. A target was set on her back by one of the most powerful humans in the world and if she wanted protection from him. There were only a few people who could offer that and one of them where the Pure group. 
 The man had grabbed her wrist and pulled her into the portal before she could even brace herself for what was to come. Holding on tightly, the two of them continued travelling through the portal. 
 The man had a strong grip and made sure that Erin wasn't going to let go. The two of them needed to end up in the same area. However, Erin didn't try to resist. If she did, who knows where she would end up. They were now heading to the Pure base. An unknown location that hadn't been tracked down by any of the big families or the military. 
 A few moments later, and the teleportation had finished. When the two of them had reached the other side, and she started to open her eyes, there was only one thing she could see, white. 
 She looked around, and both her and the man seemed to be in a completely solid white room. The floor was white, the ceiling was white and even the walls, making it hard for her to tell how big the room was. There seemed to be no exit or entrance either, and while standing there, the room started to freak her out a little. 
 "Welcome, I hope James wasn't to rough on you." A female voice said through a speaker. Although the sound from the speakers sounded strange. Usually in a room like this one, the sound would echo as it bounced through the walls. Instead, it was as if the sound was being directed straight to her eardrums. She felt like she could hear the person who was speaking as clear as if she was wearing headphones. When looking around, Erin was unable to even see any speakers. 
 Assuming that the man who was with her was James, the person on the speaker was talking about, she tried to look at him to see if he had any answers. She then noticed that he was already walking forward towards one of the white walls. 
 As soon as Erin took a step forward to follow him, James immediately swivelled around and drew his sword, pointing it at her neck. The tip of the giant blade was only centimetres away from her throat. 
 "I'm afraid you will need to stay in the room for now." The speaker said. "Although one of our agents recommended you over, there is still a chance that you might be a spy you see. So we need to be absolutely positive before proceeding any further. After all, once you step outside from this room, Pure will be on the other side. I hope you understand." 
 The voice seemed like it was trying hard to sound soft and sweet to reason with her, but Erin could tell that behind these words, were threats and James, pointing his blade towards herself made it more apparent. 
 Taking a step back, Erin then proceeded to sit on the floor. 
 "I understand... whatever you need from me." She replied. 
 "Excellent, just stay in here for now, and someone will be here in a moment." 
 In front of one of the white walls, James was standing there patiently. It seemed like it automatically drew to the side and opened. He then left the room while Erin was left to be there all by herself. 
 She waited patiently at first sitting down, expecting someone to come back soon. She didn't know how much time had passed. While sitting down, she had managed to count to 1000 out of boredom, and she had even waited for more before starting to do that. 
 There was nothing in the room at all, and no sound could be heard. It was deadly quiet that she could listen to her organs squirrelling and making noises as everything moved all over inside her body. 
 Slowly, the room was starting to get to her, it felt like the walls were beginning to come closer and closer, but she felt like it must have been in her head. 
 Outside of the room, two people were watching inside the white room. They were looking through what looked like a double-sided glass window. It was digitally created and projected a white wall appearance on the outside to match the room. 
 While the two people could see Erin clearly, she could not see them. One of the ones watching Erin, was James. The person who had escorted her here, while the other was a slightly older woman who looked to be in her late thirties. She had a short brown haircut, and her hands were behind her back while watching Erin carefully. 
 "How long do you think she'll last in there?" James asked. 
 The older woman looked at Erin carefully, right now, she was still sitting on the floor with her eyes closed as if to give off a relaxed look. However, if one was to look at her face closely, they could see she was in great pain. Her eyes were twitching, and the goosebumps on her arms were already starting to show. 
 "The longest someone has ever lasted in the anechoic chamber was one hour. She has done well to last half an hour already. She seems to be a strong-willed person." The woman replied. 
 The anechoic chamber was a soundproof room that actually went into the negatives when it came to decibels. When inside long enough, one's senses start to get disorientated. The sound of your heartbeat gets clearer the feeling of the blood rushing around your body is heard, and one doesn't know what is real from fake. 
 Every new member of Pure must first go through this trial, the idea was for it to test one's mental power and state. It gave them an idea of how much potential a candidate had in the future of the organization. 
 Specific tasks would require one for a strong mind, such as infiltration and so on. 
 The two continued to look at Erin while the timer above them continued, it had now been forty minutes since Erin had entered the room. 
 Her eyes and body continued to twitch. 
 'Is this some type of test? It's clear this isn't an ordinary room, and they haven't come to get me out of here yet.' 
 The thought in her mind went back to seeing how mighty James was with his sword and how he was able to kill the beast with a single swing. There were some strong people at Pure, that was clear. If she wanted to get stronger, then the best way was climbing to the top as quick as she could. 
 Finally, she started to realize that closing her eyes and trying to focus the strange thought away wasn't working. In fact, it was just making it worse. Instead, she decided she would stand up and start to practice some martial arts. 
 She practised every day anyway, and sometimes it was the best thing to keep her mind off things. 
 When trying to stand up, her feat gave in, and she immediately fell to the floor. 
 'What's wrong with my body?' Everything was disorientated in her mind and sound. That she was no longer able to recognize her senses. As she couldn't stand up, instead she started to think back to why she was here in the first place. 
 Anger was always another good fuel for her to fight through the pain. She thought of Truedream, she then started to think of the Dalki. How both of these things had taken everything away from her. 
 "Arhhhh!" Erin started to scream as she grabbed her head, and it seemed like she was going mad. 
 "Forty-five minutes." The old woman said with a smile on her face. "Looks like we have a new prodigy in our hands." 
 James immediately rushed into the room as soon as he had heard the scream, but when reaching Erin's body, it looked like she had already passed out. 
 Sweat was dripping from her forehead, and droplets of water were heavy around her body. Brushing her hair back, James took a closer look at her face that still looked to be in pain. 
 "You did well.' he whispered. 
 "Hurry up, James." The woman said on the speaker. "We must take her to the next area. More tests await her." 
 *** 
 For MVS artowrk remember to follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 282 The Chance to strike 
 When Erin had finally woken up, rather than her being in a white room, right now she was in a pitch-black room and couldn't see anything. A soft fabric was felt covering her eyes, so she assumed she was blindfolded. 
 "Looks like you're awake." A male voice said from behind. The sound was different from when they were in the white room, so she could assume she had been moved. She also recognised the voice, although the man didn't speak much. She could tell it was the same man who was with her before, James. 
 The soft fabric that was covering her face had been removed; still, her eyesight remained almost pitch black. Whatever room they were in, there wasn't a single spark of light. It was clear they were either testing her or still didn't trust her. 
 There were always rumours going around about how crazy members of Pure were, although Erin didn't outright believe them as the news reports would be clearly biased, but after a few first impressions of arriving at the base, she was beginning to agree with what she had heard. 
 The only thing that was keeping her going was the fact that Layla, who was also a member of Pure was such a kindhearted person. 
 'Did she go through the same thing?' Erin thought. The last room Erin was in it was torture for her. After spending just 20 minutes, she could feel her mind starting to crumble, but she held on for as long as she could. 
 The room was there for a reason, and it was clear it wasn't made just for her. It might have even been used for training their own members. If Layla too had gone through something like that, Erin was starting to change her opinion of Layla being weak. 
 She could imagine a regular person only lasting about fifteen minutes. However, truthfully she had no clue how long she had spent in there. When in the room, a second felt like a minute. 
 Although she couldn't see anything, she felt that her arms seemed to be strapped down and her back was upright. She was sitting on some kind of chair. The sound of James shuffling around and moving could be heard, and he seemed to be sticking on a sticky substance over different parts of her body. 
 "Don't worry too much, this is a normal procedure for everyone who comes to us for the first time," James said. "As long as you tell us the truth, you will be all okay." 
 The sound of another chair shuffling forwards was heard, and James was now sitting directly opposite Erin in the dark room. 
 "I just need you to answer me some simple questions, all you need to say is yes or no. Understand?" James asked. 
 Clearly, Erin was in no position to give snappy answers, so rather than snap back like she usually would, she complied. 
 "Yes," Erin replied. 
 *Ding 
 The sound of a machine to her right made a bell-like sound. 
 "You are Erin Hayley correct?" James asked. 
 "Yes." 
 Once again, the ding sound was heard. 
 "18 years old." 
 "No" 
 *Ding 
 "Female?" 
 Before answering this time, Erin paused slightly. 
 "No." 
 *Ding, *Ding. 
 This time the machine had rung twice instead of once. 
 When answering the question, Erin had answered falsely on purpose as she had a suspicion what the machine was, and now she had confirmed it. It was a Lie detector. Usually, one would have an ability user come over and check if they were telling the truth. 
 Since Pure didn't have many ability users, it made sense for them to use technology instead. 
 "Oh, so we have a smart one," James said. "It wasn't like we were trying to hide it otherwise we would have muted the rings, but if we catch you in a lie, remember this will be bad for you, very bad." 
 James then went on to ask Erin more questions. Most of them were very basic questions at first, mainly there to confirm she was who she said she was. Pure had done their research as soon as Layla asked for her friend to be taken in. They looked into the details and could tell her parents had died. 
 The next set of questions went on to confirm that she had just lost her abilities in the Truedream incident. So far it seemed like everything was going well and she indeed wasn't a spy. 
 All the information was currently being recorded and being sent over to the older women who stood outside the dark room. 
 "Are you the only one that knows about Layla's true identity as a member of Pure?" James asked. 
 So far, Erin had almost been answering instantly at every question that had come at her. For this one, she paused. If they were asking something like this, this meant that Pure clearly didn't want others to know Layla was there. 
 However, her hands were tied, even if she lied they would know. The problem was she thought about who would get the blame. Would it be Layla, or the others that knew about her? 
 "No." Erin replied. 
 At this moment, she wished she could see the expression on James's face. Perhaps it would have told her something about what they were planning to do to the others. Instead, she started to feel the fabric folded over her face once again. 
 When she was able to see again, this time, she seemed to finally be in a room with some sort of colour for once. The room was small, and she was currently sitting at a desk. When looking around, it looked like she was in some type of classroom that was filled with around thirty students. 
 The others sitting at their desks were of all different ages, but most of them were younger than Erin and looked like they would be in primary or elementary school. Just at the back of the room, James and a few other adults were present in the room as well. 
 When observing the room closely, she noticed that there were no windows, and it looked like the entire place was made of a metal-like material. 
 'Are we underground, or maybe another planet where the outside isn't safe?' she thought. While thinking of ways to escape or where they possibly were, a person stood in front and soon started to talk. He didn't say much and quickly turned on a video. 
 At first, Erin was quite interested in the video, but soon she realised what it was trying to do. The footage showed several reports that were never shown on TV. The bad side of the current system and how it was affecting people all over. 
 Videos of shelters that had been abandoned, families killed. Videos of higher ups torturing those of lower levels, while the higher levels enjoyed a life of luxury. She had to admit, it really did show the current situation of the world in a bad light, but Erin knew there were always two sides to everything. Especially as someone who lived on the other side. 
 Most of the people around here probably only had a painful life as a low level or being poor. In contrast, Erin was someone who had quite a luxurious life before. Not everyone was like what they were showing in the videos. 
 Her family was a great example of that. They had stayed behind and done everything they could to protect the citizens from a Dalki attack. Of course, Pure didn't show those types of videos. 
 Inside the Pure base, a meeting had been called. In a sizeable dome-like room was a long table with several seats. 
 At the head of the table, there were five seats each with a number on the back of the chair. Four of them were currently empty while the only one that was filled was number five. 
 In the seat, sat a woman, it was the same person who had been watching Erin this whole time with James complete her tasks. Spread around the room were several other seats, they too had numbers on them going from six to twenty. Nearly all of them were filled apart from a small few. 
 In one of the seats was James, who had the number fifteen. 
 The female in number five stood up, and at the same time, the rest of them stood up as well. 
 "Please, there is no need." The women said. "You know I don't like any of that stuff. The whole point of our organisation is to make everyone feel as if they are equal. Please sit down." She said. 
 The others sat down as ordered, but still, the mood in the room was quite serious. 
 "As you know, I'm the only single-digit here, so I am currently in charge of the base. Today's meeting is a special one, as we have been given a special task. Soon the inter military base tournament will be upon us. It's one of the only few times when all of the military base leaders gather. This will be our chance to strike." The women said. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 283 Been Caugh 
 The two soldiers guarding the portal entrance continued keeping their hands directed towards the student. Even though he had already stated his own identity as Pio Blank, they were soldiers and not the school's employees. 
 Backup was called. A few moments later, Hayley, alongside three additional soldiers by her side, entered the room. 
 Pio's hands were still remained up above his head, they were visibly shaking. This was not the welcome he had expected. After being missing for a month or so, he thought his return would be welcomed, perhaps he would be treated like a king for a few days, but reality hit him hard and showed him it wasn't the case at all. 
 "Will you guys drop it already? Can't you see that you're scaring him?" Hayley spoke. She knew that on the other side of the portal, they would have strict protocols before sending someone over back to the base. 
 On the way here, she heard some information that the person who entered the portal was claiming to be a student. If he was to show his student military I.D, then they would have allowed him to pass over. 
 The only thing was... this turned out to be quite unexpected. When she entered the room, she was half-expecting for the person who just returned to be someone from the orange portal expedition. Maybe perhaps a student who had been left behind, but instead, it was actually someone from the original green portal planet from the first expedition. 
 The only person who was confirmed to be missing, rather than dead, was Pio. However, he already returned and even had his student I.D with him. 
 As she pondered over this matter, she moved in closer towards the student and was now at a distance where she could clearly see the young boy's face. Although he was covered with what looked to be mud and sweat, she realized that something was strange. 
 When the thought finally clicked in her head, she almost dropped the tablet in her hand. 
 "Pio Blank?" Hayley asked with a puzzled tone. 
 "That's right... But how do you know my name? I didn't think that you kept that much attention on me," Pio responded with a slight blush on his face. Hayley was a beautiful teacher and she was the only doctor for the first year students. Even though she saw a lot of students, she didn't really directly teach any of them. Out of the 500 names around the campus, he was rather surprised that she remembered his. This caused him to misunderstand and feel special about this encounter. 
 'Is this student the fake one? Or is the impersonator the one inside our base?' Hayley gulped at this thought. She reasoned out that the one currently at the school was most likely the fake student. 
 If someone was to try and infiltrate the base, then the second one who turned up a month later would most likely be deemed the real one. 
 Still... as a precautionary measure, the student was cuffed with his hands behind his back, a soldier escorted him off for interrogation. 
 "Wait, I promise you! I'm really me! You can check my I.D card!" Pio started screaming, "You can see that it's me on the files, right?! You guys already have my picture! Why are you doing this?!" He continued crying out. 
 "That's the problem..." Hayley muttered to herself, "There's someone who looks exactly like you." 
 In the meantime, Hayley immediately went to inform Nathan and called an emergency meeting. 
 Being cuffed up wasn't a nice feeling at all. Pio started wondering what on earth had happened while he was away. Had the world suddenly turned into a dictatorship during his absence? Was the whole place taken over by the Dalki already? However, both of these couldn't be the case at all. Otherwise, he would have heard all about it back on planet Caldi. 
 'I think I would have rather continued spending all that time in the desert than be treated like this...' Pio regretfully complained in his mind. 
 What soon came after made him change his thoughts. As soon as the doors to the supposed interrogation room were opened up. He was greeted with a full meal, desserts, and even a luxury bed in one location. He didn't know that the school had such a place! 
 Pio's eyes were fixated on the food, he hadn't eaten a proper meal in days while he was traveling through the desert. Luckily for him, when he came to, he ventured off in a certain direction, and just when he thought he was about to pass out and starve from hunger, he came across a group of travellers. 
 They escorted him to a shelter nearby, however, the bad news was, the shelter wasn't owned by the military, but a faction instead. After the travellers kindly took care and fed him for a single night, Pio was left to survive all on his own. 
 He worked hard during his time at the shelter and gathered up as many credits as he could. Eventually, he was able to buy a map. This was the moment more bad news came, the distance between the shelter he was currently at and the place he had to go was quite far. If he was on his own, he still wasn't sure he could face the beasts he would meet on his way. This was why he continued working hard and earning even more credits. 
 Luckily for him, his ability for being able to duplicate any type of beast weapon came in quite handy. It allowed him to earn the required credits and eventually hire an escort team quicker than normal people. 
 Now, he finally made it back. But still... during that whole time, he never splurged his credits on a good meal. Drool kept falling from his mouth as he stared at the food before him. 
 "You can uncuff him now," A deep voice reverberated in the room. 
 After hearing the sound of another person in this place, his eyes gradually averted from the food as his head turned to another direction. He was now staring at the second year general, Duke. 
 'What? Why isn't it Nathan?' Pio thought. Usually, as a first year, all matters related would be assigned to him. 
 "Now, before we let you tuck yourself into this nice meal, I need you to tell me everything that happened," Duke asked. 
 Duke had eyes and ears all around the school. It also included having some soldiers grab information from here and there. The incident of what happened in the portal room had reached him although Hayley had already instructed that no one was to leak any of this information to the students. 
 The information may have not leaked outside, but it still managed to reach Duke. For some reason, his hunch was telling him that something wasn't right about this situation, this was why he had an unusual amount of interest in this. 
 Perhaps the infiltrator was related to Pure... Ever since they angered Truedream, Duke had gotten the heat for that situation. He had a huge grudge with Pure now. 
 The female who wore white robes from before entered the room and did her usual job. While questioning, she should be able to tell if Pio was lying or not. After about thirty minutes of nonstop barrage of queries, Pio's mouth turned dry from recounting everything that happened to him the last month. 
 Every single word he said so far had been the truth, they even managed to confirm that he was the real student. However, there was still one thing that bothered Duke. 
 "So you're saying that you never saw the Dalki? Are you really positive about that?" Duke asked. 
 "My memory is kind of a blur, honestly speaking, but I would have definitely remembered a Dalki attack. So no, I didn't see the Dalki," Pio responded. 
 The reports that were mentioned back then didn't match up. Originally, they assumed that the Dalki had completely killed Ben's group of five. Two of the bodies were found nearby each other, and later on, two more bodies were discovered. Although they were far apart from the rest of the group, Pio was presumed dead at this point. 
 The original speculation was that the three out of the five escaped the Dalki, and that's why their bodies had quite some distance between them. Despite their efforts, they were still killed. 
 However, now that Duke thought about it more, the distance between where the bodies were found didn't make sense. The Dalki should've been able to kill both of those students in an instant. If that happened, then Pio would have remembered such an event for sure. 
 Maybe... perhaps the deaths of the other two people weren't related to the Dalki at all? 
 "Thank you, you may now enjoy your meal. Feel free to get comfortable in this room, you'll be here a while," Duke said as he stood up from his seat, left the room, and closed the door. 
 "Wait, did he say I'd be here a while?" Once Pio mouthed these words, two soldiers stood in front of the door and blocked the exit. 
 The selection process for deciding which students would take part in the inter-military event had been decided. 
 In Logan's class, they had just finished selecting the roles, Logan himself had been selected for the crafting event. Since there were no known crafters in his class, he openly volunteered for the role. There were a few people who thought that he should have taken part in the fighting tournament instead, but he refused them, saying that fighting didn't interest him. 
 Just as the class was about to be dismissed, four soldiers suddenly entered the room. 
 "We are here to collect the student known as Pio Blank," one of them announced as they scanned the area. 
 After spotting the target, the soldiers were already moving to where Pio was. 
 There wasn't any time to react and Peter didn't know what to do. 
 "Just follow along for now," Logan whispered to him. 
 The soldiers immediately placed both of Peter's hands behind his back before cuffing him, two of the soldiers held Peter by the arm as they guided him out of the room. Just as they were about to leave, Logan reached out and grabbed Peter. 
 "Where are you taking him? And for what reason? He's done nothing wrong," Logan exclaimed. 
 "Let go of him. Or should I make you let go? Brat." The soldier answered him, "This is a direct order from general Duke. If you decide to obstruct our duties, then we have permission to punish you." 
 Logan hesitantly released his grip, but not before allowing one of his spiders to climb into Peter's sleeve. 
 As Logan watched Peter walk away with the soldiers, he had one thought in his mind. 'He's been caught." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 284 No Plan 
 MVS 284 
 The little mechanical spider was neatly tucked just underneath Peter's shirt collar. It climbed up from below his sleeve and was now in the prime position for it to listen and hear everything around. 
 Although the spider acted as a microphone, and at times, a small speaker. It was unable to be used in transmitting any video footage. The other problem was that the situation which just occurred was unexpected for Logan. He was completely unprepared and never thought that something like this might have happened. 
 While the sound recorded by the spider was sent to the computer in his room, he could listen to it at a later time, however, that wasn't good enough. He needed to be aware of what was currently happening. 
 Luckily for him, the soldiers who came to grab Peter did so just when classes ended for the day. This gave Logan the opportunity to head back to his room as fast as possible. As he was returning, he placed his other hand on the watch on his wrist and sent out a message. 
 "This is an emergency, everyone is to gather right now. Peter has been caught, I repeat Peter has been caught. Everyone meet me in my room ASAP." 
 When the message was sent out, all of their group's watches started to light up. After what happened with Truedream, Logan made sure that the adjustments he made on everyone's watches were permanent. 
 The messages he sent were encrypted. In addition, all of their whereabouts were also sent to Logan's computer in real-time. 
 Once they saw the message, a devastated look could be seen on their faces. If they found Peter, then it was only a matter of time before their involvement would be discovered as well. 
 In an instant, they all quickly rushed towards the same location. 
 When Logan entered his room, he immediately ran towards the computer and listened to the spider's transmission. However, there was barely any sound so far. The soldiers were only silently escorting Peter, all the while they did this, they didn't say a word to each other. 
 "That's good, Peter. We still aren't aware how much they know yet," Logan muttered out. The next thing he had to do was check where they had taken him. If things went bad, then they would perhaps be able to come up with a similar plan with the one they did with Truedream. 
 After checking the information and looking at Peter's trail, Logan slightly raised his eyebrow. 
 "Now... why are they taking you there?" He thought. 
 Peter's tracks led directly to the second year building. The school campus was mainly composed of three main buildings with several smaller ones around it, almost similar to the martial arts hall. 
 It consisted of the first year building, the second year building, and finally, a separate building for the teachers and soldiers who worked as guards. These people would often rotate in and out with the others from the military base, in fact, this building was also the location where important meetings would be held. 
 Just as Logan was busy thinking about the possibilities, people started entering his room, the first one being Quinn. The door snapped open as he shot inside at a nearly incredible speed. 
 "Can you close the door?" Logan asked. 
 "Oh… My bad…" Quinn flusteredly said. When returning to close the door, a few more people entered the room. Unlike Quinn, they were sweating since they rushed over as quickly as they could 
 Eventually, everyone who knew about Peter was present, this also included Fex. 
 "It's good that you're all here, I won't have to explain myself over and over again," Logan announced. "I was there in the classroom when the soldiers suddenly took him. I don't know what for, but I think we already know what it should be about. It's obvious why they would do this without any warning. One of my spiders is currently attached to him, however, we don't have any new information yet. There is one thing I find strange though… they're currently heading for the second year building. 
 Both Vorden and Quinn reacted at the same time, they said one name, "Duke." 
 "What do we do?" Layla asked. "We have to get him out of there, right?" 
 "Let's observe for now," Logan responded to her question. "There are many things that they could be accusing Peter for, we might have just jumped the gun on this one." 
 Everyone was now patiently waiting in silence for any new information that might come from Logan's computer. 
 "I see you made it, Pio," Duke's voice rang out. "Please sit." 
 Before he took a seat, Pio glanced around the room to see how many people there were. This was perhaps in preparation that he could find a chance to escape at one point. But rather than finding any possible weak links, he instead realized that he was in a rather luxurious room. It was somewhere he didn't even know that existed on campus. 
 When Peter finally sat down, Duke mirrored him across the long table. They looked into each other's eyes without saying anything. Both men didn't stop gazing into each other for even a second. 
 "You're a strange one." Duke's words broke the sudden tension. "You didn't bat your eyes away from me. It seems like you're not scared of me at all, unlike the others. You seem to have similar traits to that of a trained terrorist." He now had a large grin on his face. 
 The old Peter would have been shaking in his boots, his heart would've also beated so loud that he couldn't even hear his own thoughts. However, right now, he felt none of it. The only thing he was aware of were the suppressed emotions of fear in his mind. He knew that he was in trouble, but his body and face weren't showing any signs of it. 
 "Let me ask you this, what's your date of birth?" Duke started asking questions. 
 Because it was a simple question, Peter responded instantly. Duke then continued asking similar questions like these. For query, Peter would perfectly answer back like a machine. 
 "Hey, he got all those questions correctly," Fex spoke. "It means we're in the clear, right?" When Fex looked around the room, he was confused as to why everyone's face seemed to be even more concerned than before. 
 The problem here was how quickly and perfectly he answered every question. Even to them, it almost sounded like Peter was some trained spy asked to infiltrate the school. 
 "Well... if you say you're Pio." Duke snapped his fingers as a signal, a guard went outside of the room. A few moments later, another student was brought in. "Then who is this?" 
 The man who was brought in was the real Pio. When the real Pio saw a doppelganger of himself, he immediately shielded his eyes. 
 "No! Don't let me see it! Are you trying to kill me?!" Pio yelled out while continuing to cover his eyes. 
 "What's wrong with you?" The guard said, gripping his arm even tighter. They had been rough with him for the last few hours and still didn't treat him like a student, instead, they handled him more like a captured intruder. 
 "Don't you know that if you see your own doppelganger you'll die in real life?!" 
 Duke let out a sigh before continuing, "As you can see, the jig is up. We already know that you're not the real Pio. You're most likely a spy since you've chosen to hide your identity like this. My best hunch is that you're using a transformation skill, we have the perfect person for people like you." 
 After waiting for a while, Nathan was finally brought into the room. He had an ugly expression on his face. 
 "What are you doing, Duke?!" Nathan stormed in while stomping down his feet hard. "The first year students are my duty, not yours!" 
 "I believe this matter will concern me a lot more than you." Duke cooly talked back. 
 Nathan stopped walking and listened to him. Usually, Duke would bluff, however, he felt like the man had some weight behind his words. 
 "Why don't you just use your ability and find out?" 
 Nathan looked at the two students standing next to each other. They looked almost exactly like identical twins. Although their body shapes were slightly different but it was barely noticeable. Nathan was briefed of what happened so far, if he wasn't aware of things, then he would have guessed that they were actually twins. 
 After lifting up his arm and pointing it between the two students, Nathan asked Duke, "The left one, or right?" 
 "The one on the left," Duke said. 
 A large bubble-like shape started appearing from Nathan's hand. It moved and slowly started covering Peter's body from head to toe. From another point of view, it looked as if the bubble was slowly eating him alive. When Peter was completely sealed in the bubble, he started feeling a strange energy from inside his body. It made him feel as if he was being drained. In just a moment, he fell to the ground. 
 Although he didn't feel any pain, Peter felt like he had just gone through a huge battle and had completely used up all his MC points. When he managed to lift his body off the ground, the others could finally see his face. 
 "I knew it!" Duke exclaimed. 
 Both Duke and Nathan knew exactly who the student before them was. They had already ordered other soldiers to put up search posters just in case they escaped from campus. 
 "Peter Chuck? But how? You were with Pure, and... your ability... it was an earth one, not something like transformation." Nathan gasped in shock. "This makes no sense." 
 The group had been listening on to everything that was happening so far, but not a single one of them moved from their spots apart from Layla. 
 'What are we doing right now? They already know he isn't Pio, we have to get him out of there!" Layla grumbled. 
 "But how?" Logan replied. "I hate to say it, but for once, I have no idea how we can get out of the current situation. With Truedream, Peter hadn't been caught and we knew that he was coming beforehand. This situation is something we can't control. They already know his identity, and if we try to help him, we would only expose ourselves." 
 After listening to Logan's words, Quinn clenched his hand into a fist. Vorden, who was right by his side, saw this. "He's right. There's nothing we can do." 
 Back in the room, Peter was still trapped in the bubble, drained of his energy. Keeping in mind that there were multiple soldiers and two generals around him, he processed multiple scenarios in his head. After looking at things, he finally knew that there was no chance he was getting out of this. 
 "Finally." Duke had a grin on his face. "Mr. Jack Truedream will be very happy. He said to inform him if we found one of you. We'll await for any further instructions." 
 **** 
 Big Update on my job situation below. 
 For MVS artwork remember to follow on instagram: Jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 285 Let him go 
 The last words from Duke's mouth had been heard clearly by everyone. By now, even Layla stopped complaining and every single one of them remained motionless in the room. They received confirmation that one of them was caught. 
 There was always the possibility of something like this happening. However, before getting caught by the military, Quinn always thought that another student would've at least got them first. He prepared for such a scenario, but he wasn't ready for this one. 
 'Fight them, get him out of there.' A voice seemed to be resounding at the back of his mind. However, he kept his rationality in proper order. Quinn didn't have the power to fight against the military just for one person. 
 Currently, Peter was left in the room, he was sitting down on a chair at the table. His hands were still cuffed behind his back. Nathan and four other soldiers were in there with him. However, Duke was no longer in the room and went somewhere else. 
 The room was silent. In the meantime, Nathan was busying himself with going through some films of Peter in the past. He wanted to make sure that he didn't misread the information he had. In fact, he was extremely sure that Peter didn't have an ability in the first place, and had later been given the Earth ability. 
 But when Nathan used his own ability to drain away Peter's MC cells, he realized that the latter was actually using a Transformation ability. 
 As he was still in the chair, handcuffed, Peter continued looking around the room to find an opportunity of a way out. Despite a small bubble being left over around his hands, the energy he recently lost was already starting to recover. 
 It was for this reason that a part of his body continued feeling incredibly weak. Thankfully, it seemed like they underestimated Peter's true strength. In just a short amount of time, he would soon be strong enough, even with the bubble on him, to break free from the handcuffs. 
 Peter glanced at the guard closest to his right side. Once he broke the cuffs, if he reacted quick enough, he should be able to kill him in one blow. Even if he was attacked by the others, his body would be able to withstand or heal any of their hits. 
 Peter also had another trick up his sleeves. He had the ability to turn two people into lesser wights. If he was to use this now, then there was a higher chance he would be able to get out of this situation. However, despite this plan in his head, there was one more person he had to take in mind of. Nathan was still here. He was unsure of exactly how strong Nathan was and what his ability did. And with Nathan being a General at the military base, Peter was sure that he was strong. But he had no choices left, this was a risk he had to take. 
 A portion of his energy had now come back, and with a slight tug, he tested the cuffs restraining him. 
 "Wait," a small voice directly resounded in his ear. "Don't do anything yet, Peter. We still don't know what will happen to you, just remain calm." 
 These instructions were being transmitted by the small spider Logan had placed on him before. Peter hesitated for a moment, trying to decide whether he should listen to Logan or not, however, he felt like he could trust him and cancelled whatever plans he just thought up. 
 'Since they got me and Erin out of something like this before. They can surely do it again.' Peter reassured himself with these thoughts. Unaware of what was currently happening inside the room, no one had a clue what to do next. 
 "We have to start thinking about leaving the military base," Vorden broke the silence. 
 "With Peter, or without?" Layla shot back with a question. 
 "Without, of course. There's a high chance that they will soon start interrogating him. By then, they'll link him to everything that has happened so far and find out we were all involved." 
 "I think we're safe from anything like that happening," Quinn quickly responded. "I know Peter won't sell us out of his own accord, and even if they did get that girl to question him, it still wouldn't work." 
 "How would you know that?" Vorden asked. 
 "Fex will back me up on this, Peter is different now. One of the things that's different about him is that certain abilities no longer work on him," Quinn explained. 
 Fex nodded in agreement while adding in his own words, "He's right. A Wight is unaffected by abilities that target the mind or body in some type of way. They are also immune to poison, they don't sleep, and they don't register a heartbeat. A Wight will never give up his master either. If you're worried about them linking him to us, the only connection you guys have is being his past teammates." 
 "Even so, that still doesn't solve our original problem," Layla continued speaking, "They're going to do something to Peter and will eventually find out he's different. Don't you think that they're already wondering why he has a different ability now? If they find out about his healing capabilities, he'll be used as a lab experiment for the rest of his life." 
 What Layla just said was one of Quinn's true fears. It was why he was extremely intent on hiding his secret in the first place. The fear that he would be locked up in a lab somewhere and be tested on... If that ever happens, then everyone would say it was just fine because it was for the sake of humanity, to help them defeat the Dalki. 
 "There are a few possibilities. Luckily for us, this world still has an order of civilization. I still don't know how far that will get us..." Logan started speaking. "Even if Peter is to be moved to a research lab or such, or maybe even treated as a terrorist who works for Pure, he will still first have to undergo a trial. I'm pretty sure that this so-called 'trial' would only be for show. The Generals and Truedream have their own ways to speed up the process and put the judge in their pockets. 
 "What this does, however, will give us a little bit more time. I guess that before Peter attends the trial, an investigation will continue in public or behind the scenes. He'll probably be temporarily placed in the underground dungeons. We aren't sure how heavily guarded it is for now, or if we have the capabilities in breaking him out, but we can use this opening to save him." 
 "Just let this one go, Quinn." Vorden's words sounded like an ultimatum. "You already saved him once before. Forcing a rescue operation would get us all killed. I'm sorry to say this, but if you decide to go through with it, I won't be helping you." 
 The room fell silent once more after Vorden spoke. The reason being was that the others kind of agreed with what he was saying. The dungeon was a place where they kept undisciplined students and soldiers, there was a higher chance it was heavily guarded because of this. 
 "Whatever you do, Quinn. I'll be there with you." Fex said as he slapped him on the back. 
 When looking around the room, Quinn could see the expressions on their faces. No one else volunteered to help, even Layla who really wanted to participate in the operation, didn't do so due to the simple reason that she felt she was too weak. She herself knew that by forcing herself to do it, she would only hinder them. 
 "It's okay," Quinn responded back. "I've decided... it's best not to save Peter right now. It's too risky and is none of your responsibilities." While saying these words, something in Quinn's mind tugged at him, telling him to try and save Peter. 
 Despite deciding not to go through with the plan, it still kept reminding him. 'Is this connection from before? It seems like I can fight it a bit now.' 
 Even though Quinn had now grown stronger, it seemed like he wasn't going to let his emotions get the better of him. It might have also been the fact that Peter wasn't in immediate danger right now. He knew that the military would most likely not kill him, but instead, perhaps torture him. He had convinced himself that Peter wasn't going to die anytime soon, and this was how he stopped himself from trying to save Peter. 
 "That's the right choice." Vorden agreed with him. 
 'Was it really, though?' Quinn's mind asked this question. For some reason, he had this huge feeling of guilt looming over his head. If he knew he made the right choice, he shouldn't be feeling like this. But right now, he felt nothing but miserable. 
 Just then, another sound emerged from the computer. It was a low and familiar tone. Duke was talking. 
 "It looks like Truedream made a decision on what to do with you." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 286 Strange actions 
 Duke had left the room, leaving both Nathan and Peter together. Although the two generals didn't get along, they knew they were both working for the same side. Duke wasn't oblivious to Nathan's real strength and how he had gotten to his position in the army. If it was just restraining a single student, he could trust him. 
 The reason for leaving the room was to contact Truedream himself. Below the Special Vip room, there was the Duke's office. After popping inside, he immediately opened up his communicator and started a video call. An electronic display hovered in the air, and the lines at the bottom were showing that a connection was trying to be made. 
 "What is it, General Duke?" Jack Treudream said. "I told you only to call me if you found those two kids." 
 In the video call, Jack was sitting in his chair, and in the backdrop, the whole city that was directly under his control could be seen, showing through the glass windows in his skyrise building. 
 "Now, you know me better than that," Duke replied with a smile. 
 Suddenly something grabbed Jack's attention. Ever science leaving the military base, he hadn't forgotten what had happened at the school, how the Pure's group had made him look like an idiot. Not only that, but he remembered the fear he had in that room; for some reason, the sleeping ability from one of his trusted guards didn't work. 
 It had put him in an unfavorable position, and there was the chance he could have died that day. Before, Jack wasn't too bothered by Pure and the politics between the military and them. Now, he had a significant interest in getting rid of them. 
 "We have found the boy known as Peter. He was one of the students that Pure said they had safely in their hands. It turns out he never left the academy and was using a disguise ability." Duke explained. 
 "Excellent, and what about the girl?" Jack asked. 
 "We have reason to believe Pure might have genuinely taken her. My theory is that the student known as Peter was initially working for Pure all along. They must have hidden that he had the Disguise ability waiting for the perfect opportunity to use it. It would then make sense why the sleeping agent didn't work on him if they managed to prepare something beforehand. 
 "I have to add, though; this is all just speculation. We are unable to confirm anything; for some reason, it seems our truthseeker is unable to use her ability on him. Perhaps Pure is advancing quicker then we think and have been able to find something to stop abilities." 
 The military knew Pure's goal, so they gathered that they must be working on some serum or vaccination that would target the MC cells. So far, there had been no sign of a result. 
 Duke's line of thought was that if they couldn't take away or get rid of their abilities, maybe they could create or alter a person who was able to block them. 
 "Have you reported this to Paul yet?" Jack asked. 
 "No, I did as you asked and spoke to you first." 
 "Good, if Paul were to find out about this, he would want the student to go through the court process. If that happens, he might eventually shift them to the research department, and from there, he will be out of my hands." Jack said. "I believe the punishment that will be given to the student will be too light. I have an idea that will not only be a fair punishment for Peter but will perhaps allow us to punish those pure members... " 
 Jack went on the details of the plan and recounted the outline to Duke. The two of them needed to be on the same page. After all, technically, Duke worked for the head general Paul. Doing this would mean he was not doing his duty as a soldier and had decided to help out an outsider like Truedream, who technically didn't work for the military but only closely cooperated with them. 
 "Excellent!" Jack said with cheer in his voice. "Then, we shall meet at the Inter Military Tournament.�� 
 The tough decision was for Quinn and others to leave Peter behind, and two members of the group were struggling with this significantly. In Logan's room, they continued to track Peter's movements, and it was as they expected, Someone had taken Peter to the underground dungeon. Or at least that's what they suspected as the spider's signal was lost, and the area last seen was the dungeon entrance. 
 The next day had arrived, and there seemed to be two members of the group struggling with Peter's disappearance the most. One of them being Quinn. He still felt a little responsible for what was happening to Peter. 
 Although the System had reassured him that Peter was fine. Taking that if Peter was hurt or in trouble, due to the current distance between the two of them, Quinn would be able to feel it if Peter was being tortured or hurt. 
 However, Logan's was a different case. He was in his room, working on one of his gadgets at his workbench. He had been working through the whole night, and usually, he worked late, but this was later than usual, and he didn't even take a break. 
 It was as if he was trying to get his mind off something. Finally, after hours of work on some gadgets, he decided to take a break. Lifting his robotic molecule and leaning back in his chair. 
 "Oh, that was hard, Peter, would you pass me a sandwich?" Logan asked with his hand held out, but he felt nothing in his hand after waiting a while. He turned around in his chair and looked at the spot Peter would usually stand at. 
 He hardly ever moved from there other than to bring him tools and play the VR game once in a while. 
 "There has to be information on that dungeon!" Logan said as he hopped onto his computer and started to type away. 
 Back in school, lessons had resumed as usual. Quinn didn't know why, but he seemed to be avoiding the others and was starting to hang around with Fex more often. Even in his room, the conversation with Vorden felt a little awkward. 
 Vorden had helped him out wherever possible, and it was the first time he had decided not to. It wasn't his fault, but Quinn didn't know how to deal with it. 
 Besides, he had his problems he was trying to solve. The voice in the back of his head was starting to get louder as more time passed. The voice kept telling him to go against the school and fight them. Try to get Peter out of there. 
 He continued to ignore this and went by his days as usual. However, Fex noticed this strange behavior. He would often, at times, suddenly stop while walking, grabbing his head. By now, Fex had already figured that Quinn was the one who turned Peter and assumed that the pains must be from whatever the school was doing to Peter in the dungeon. For some reason, Fex didn't quite believe that though. 
 The evening had come, and the lessons were over. Some students were still outside the school during this time, while others decided to relax in their dorm room. 
 Quinn had stated that he was going to play the game for a bit to practice. Hearing this, Fex agreed to come with him. 
 "Hey, I'll come with you. I haven't played myself in a while." 
 "Oh.. darn," Quinn replied. "I just remembered I promised Vorden I would do something with him tonight. Maybe next time." 
 "That's okay," Fex said as he watched Quinn walk off, he knew something was up. It was clear Quinn had said that to get rid of him. 
 These strange actions led Fex to act. Whatever Quinn was doing, it was clear he didn't want others to see. Once the two of them were a great distance away, Fex decided to follow him. The distance between the two was quite large, and the reason for this was because of the smell. 
 Another vampire was able to smell another. They had a stronger sense of smell and could tell the difference between them too. Still, their eyesight was far better than their sense of smell, so although Fex stayed a distance away, he could still see Quinn. 
 While following Quinn, it had led him down a hallway, where he could see him talking to a student he had never seen before. 
 'I didn't know he had other friends besides those weirdos?" Fex thought. 
 Quickly, the two of them left the corridors and started to head outside. Finding this all too strange, Fex continued to follow the two of them. 
 Eventually, they left the school grounds and entered the woods by the park nearby. Fex quickly realized what was going on by the strange movements the student was taking. He was under the influence of Quinn. 
 Finally, when they reached a secluded spot, Quinn looked around to see if there was anyone he could spot. However, Fex was well trained in the arts of spying and following someone. The experience and training he had were levels above Quinn's even if Quinn was technically stronger right now. 
 Raising his claw-like hand, Quinn slit a part of the student's forearm and started drinking away. 
 "What is he doing? He has Layla that he can ask for blood anytime he wants, right? So why go through all this trouble to get a stranger's blood?" Fex thought. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 287 Addicted 
 "What am I doing?" Quinn thought in his head as he looked at the student opposite to him. The sounds in his head that kept telling him to fight back were getting louder throughout the whole day. 
 It took him a whole day to figure out what the voice was after realizing it was his consciousness. It was his true feelings about what he wanted to do. Quinn didn't want just to let Peter rot down in the cellar on his own; he wanted to fight and get him back. 
 He didn't know how much of his decisions were being influenced by his strange vampire powers, it might have been the connection between the two of them. Or whether or not it was his own decision. In the end, he felt like it was a bit of both. 
 He hadn't given up on Peter like he had told the others; he was planning to get him back. 
 To be able to fight back, there was something important that Quinn needed to do, which was to get stronger. Luckily for Quinn, there was a quick way to do that. It was consuming as many different types of human blood as possible. 
 It took a while for Quinn to find somebody, as he had to make sure that they met certain conditions. The student would have to be on their own and at night time. It was so nobody could see what he was doing, and when taking the student out of campus, there was less chance of someone spotting him. 
 The second condition was Quinn's influence skill needed to work on them. There were a few high levels and even some low levels that had a strong-willed mind. Thankfully, Quinn's Charm points had increased, giving him even more options than before. However, it was still incredibly hard to find students due to the conditions mentioned above that needed to be met. 
 Using his inspect skill, Quinn knew what stat he would get beforehand. However, he could not pick and choose as freely as he wanted to, due to the small section of students viable. He had selected his first target carefully. 
 After making a small cut on the forearm and taking in the blood, the system granted him with a familiar message. 
 [O+ Blood type consumed] 
 [One free Stat point earned] 
 Quinn decided to put the stat point into his charm without thinking about it, raising the total to 23 points. The reason for doing this was because the stronger his charm skill became, the more people he could use his influence skill on. 
 What Quinn released after the fight with the King Tier Beast was, even with his strength stat being high, that power meant nothing if he didn't have the equipment to back it up. It was nearly impossible for him to put a scratch on the beast with only his intermediate gauntlets. 
 He couldn't keep relying on the blood hammer strike, it took too long to use, and what would he do if the attack didn't work one day? With no way of getting any new equipment, for now, this was the only thing he could do to get stronger. 
 After fully consuming the student's blood, he commanded the student to head back to his dorm room and forget about everything once he returned. 
 Fex had already left the scene by now as seeing everything answered his curiosity. Although it only made him question why the need to do this. For now, he would put a pin in it and keep it in his mind. 
 'Come on, Fex, What are you worrying about? Is it really strange for a vampire to be sucking the blood of a human? Maybe he and his little girlfriend just got into an argument.' Fex thought while heading back. 
 *** 
 While Quinn was busy outside, it left Vorden in his dorm room on his own. He wasn't his usual calm and chilled out self, and instead was continually pacing himself up and down the place in one area. 
 "If Sil finds out that I went against Quinn, do you think he'll try to take over," Vorden asked. 
 "Hey, hey, can you just stop mentioning it. Look, it's not like you two broke up or something!" Raten whispered angrily, making sure Sil wouldn't be able to hear. "Besides, if you didn't say it, I would have tried to take over you myself and stopped you—no suicide missions." 
 "Anyway, about the tournament, are you going to let me fight or what? Your weak ass would just make us look weak." 
 "You know my answer, why even bother asking," Vorden replied. "We have to lose on purpose. Many people will be watching this fight, and if we display anything out of the ordinary, then a lot of attention will be on us. It might even cause the family to get involved." 
 Raten laughed nervously after hearing the words "Family." It sent a shiver down his spine, and his heart felt like it had sunken in place. "Good point." 
 The next few days leading up to the inter tournament, everyone was off doing their own thing. Layla continued to keep an eye on Cia, and it seemed like she had held to her word, not reporting to any of the teachers or higher ups about the incident. 
 In fact, Cia seemed even to be talking to Layla more than before. Layla welcomed this; there was an empty feeling in her mind and body after Erin left, and although it still didn't feel quite the same, Cia seemed to be filling up the place a little. 
 Vorden was often called off by Del to practice fighting against certain students for the upcoming tournament with the other students and Logan continued to try to find any information about the dungeon, all resulting in a failure. 
 This left Quinn and Fex to their own devices, but Quinn continued to be distant with Fex and Fex decided to go along. He continued to follow Quinn at night, and it was the same as before, only slightly different. 
 Each night, a completely different student would be selected; it was never the same student. It was now the third night in a row that Quinn had led a student into the forest to consume their blood. 
 "This is strange, even for someone infatuated by the taste of blood?" Fex knew some vampires were obsessed with blood; however, how they acted and how Quinn acted were quite different. 
 When consuming blood, Quinn would take a minimal amount, this would make sense if he were trying to test out the taste of the blood, but if they found one they would like, they would often store it in a flask like container. Not only that, but they were picky; if it were blood they didn't like, they would spit it out in disgust. 
 The other thing was, Quinn was quite a young vampire. Usually, their sense of taste for blood was quite basic. It was only the older vampires who, after hundreds of years of tasting different blood types, started to get obsessed with. So everything he was doing didn't make any sense. 
 'Speaking of which, I wonder where my other flask is? Maybe I left it on that planet.' Fex thought. 
 When Quinn had finished consuming the female student blood, he once again had gained an extra stat point, this time in stamina. Yesterday his results yielded another O type blood, and he placed it into charm again. 
 [24 Charm points] 
 [19 Stamina points] 
 "Return to your dorm room and go to sleep, you will forget about everything that happened here tonight." Quinn said to the girl. 
 The girl started to walk off out of the woods and back towards the school. Quinn would often wait a while for the girl to return first before moving from his spot just in case anyone spotted him. He could always say he just went for a walk through the woods. 
 People would look at him weirdly, but it was nothing to be suspicious about. After some time passed, just as he was about to leave. He heard the sound of something landing behind him and the leaves on the floor crunching from the impact. 
 "Fex?" He said as he turned his head. 
 'How long has he been here? Did he see me with the student before? Well, it's not too strange, right.' 
 "Hey, don't look so worried, man. Whatever you do in the woods with a girl is your secret." Fex said with a wink. 
 Fex's jokey nature always seemed to calm down Quinn a bit, even if he did sometimes say it at the wrong time. 
 "What are you doing here?" Quinn asked. 
 "I was actually worried about you." Fex replied, "Look, whatever you've been doing these past few days is up to you. You're not exactly doing anything wrong, and you've been careful. Other than me, I don't think anyone has found out about this. Please think of me as your second pair of eyes." 
 "The reason I decided to revolve myself though is that I am a little worried about you." 
 "Worried, about what?" 
 "I still don't know who your master is, and don't worry; I am not going to pry about it or anything. I think you would have told me by now if you could, but the problem is, it seems like he hasn't been teaching you properly. 
 "I am serious now, Quinn; you have to be careful… If you keep consuming blood every day like you have been doing. You're going to become addicted." 
 **** 
 Edit: this chapter was meant to come out yesterday, I pressed publish it said success but never released. There will be another chapter in 30 mins because of this. 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 288 Less time 
 Hearing these words come out of Fex mouth caused nearly every blood vessel in Quinn's body to freeze. He couldn't help but utter, "What did you say?" 
 "I guess you really didn't know huh?" Fex replied, scratching his head, knowing that this was going to be a tough one to explain, "Think about it right, sometimes when we drink blood, there's this rush that comes over our bodies, there have been studies where it was observed that it increases a vampires strength by about ten percent. That's why I always carry a flask around, not just for healing. 
 "The problem is, blood is like a double-edged sword for us; the more often we consume it, the more we crave it. From an early age, Vampires who had close ties to the head of families were taught to resist blood. At first, maybe we can't go on for more than two days without blood, but eventually, we can build up a resistance to it." 
 "The vampires who have been alive for hundreds of years have gone through this process strictly, and now some of them don't even require blood anymore. However, there are occasions where when they go into battle, they will consume some, and make a note that not all vampires chose to go down this path. If one does drink blood after resisting it for a long time, it will only cause a small setback before they are back to normal again." 
 "Still, the same can also happen the opposite way if you keep drinking blood like this for pleasure. Eventually, you will become an addict, craving blood, and not even be able to quench your thirst. To put it in simple terms for you to understand, you would become a conscious Bloodsucker." 
 The explanation had Quinn slightly worried. He had been drinking blood quite regularly to increase his strength. In fact, if there was an opportunity to consume blood, he would take it because it allowed him to grow stronger. 
 When Quinn first got his vampire powers, he decided to only consume Layla's blood as and when needed even though he enjoyed the taste. He was afraid of this very thing from happening. 
 However, once he had obtained the system AI, his original fears started to lessen. Whenever he had a question about vampire matters or when something might do him harm, the system would step in to stop and explain things to him. 
 Undoubtedly, the system AI knew what would happen to Quinn if he was to continue? So then why didn't it try to stop him? 
 The only thing he could do was ask. 
 'Did you know about this, is what he's saying true?' Quinn asked. 
 The system had a long pause, and Fex wasn't saying much either. Fex thought that Quinn might have been consuming even more blood whenever they weren't together. Such as during training sessions and in the classroom. Perhaps he was having a hard time taking in this possibility. 
 Enjoying the taste of blood was fine, but no one wanted to be a living conscious bloodsucker. While thinking about this, Fex started to touch his beautiful gel-backed black hair on the top of his head. 
 'I never want to transform again. Maybe one day, my hair will completely disappear and not grow back if I do that again.' Fex thought. 
 The system had taken such a long time to reply that Quinn had thought it had gone silent and chosen not to answer him. 
 "What Fex says is true, and I'm afraid, even with the system, you will be affected by this." 
 "What!?" Quinn shouted in his head but was also cautious about making sure Fex was unable to hear him. Although he was able to keep his thoughts in his head, his body slightly jolted with anger, which didn't go unnoticed. 
 "Why.. didn't you say anything, just when I keep thinking I could trust you, you pull some crap like this!" 
 "First of all, the word you used, trust, I find it strange. In the first place, I am nothing but a system who chose to help you. Not once have I ever told you a lie. I may have hidden some things from you, but without me, you would be more or less in the same situation anyway." The system replied, now with alteration in his voice, showing that he was annoyed at Quinn's words. 
 Hearing the system speak like this made it feel even more human..or at least not a robot. 
 "To be honest, without me, you would be far worse than you are right now. I never told you or suggested that you go out and consume the blood of your classmates; that was all on you. You wished to grow stronger, and I chose not to get in the way of that." 
 The system was right; he had never told Quinn to do this. Due to his desire to get stronger, he had resorted to this without bothering to determine if there were any consequences. He had been relying on the system too much when he should have stuck to his research. 
 "Hey, don't worry about it too much. It is not too late, and that's why I chose to warn you," Fex said, trying to break the weird atmosphere. "All you need to do is stop drinking blood until you feel that thirst again. Then stretch that limit until you can't give in. Do this repeatedly, and each time you should be able to resist a little longer. Simple, right?" 
 Fex did make it sound simple, and although the process of restoring blood was simple for any vampire, hardly any were able to last longer than a week without feeding, while Fex could last two weeks at such a young age. 
 Most vampires weren't able to extend their times between feeding because of the excruciating pain and willpower needed for it. To put it into human perspectives, it would be similar to starving someone of food who was as addictive as a drug. It would be hard for him to concentrate. 
 As the time between recovers grew longer, so did the pain. There was a point which certain top-tier vampires would pass where the pain no longer bothered them, which was why they no longer needed blood. 
 If Quinn was to do this, though, he thought perhaps he would have an advantage. The system would inform him when he was hungry enough and allow him to be careful not just to pass the point where he would turn into a bloodsucker. Things that others had to perfectly time and feel, Quinn would be able to cheat it. 
 "Don't drink blood for a couple of days and see what happens. That way, you'll know how far you have gone. I can help you if you like." Fex offered. 
 But Quinn was perplexed with what to do. He didn't have a couple of days. Soon the Inter Base event would start, and they would be away from the base for a week. Could Peter last that long? 
 If he was to do as Fex asked and waited a couple of days, then this meant he wouldn't continue to grow. 
 "I'll think about it," Quinn said as he walked off, not wanting to think about the situation anymore. It was giving him a huge headache. 
 "That wasn't the answer I wanted to hear," Fex whispered, looking at his back. 
 If he answered like this, then most likely, it meant Quinn had decided to continue on the path he had chosen. 
 The next day had arrived, and everything went on as usual. There were now only two more days until the inter tournament. More so than before, Quinn wanted to get his charm stats even higher and later test it on a soldier. 
 If he could get to the point where his influence skill could work on an adult, then maybe he would be able to infiltrate the dungeon unseen and free Peter from captivity. Where to or what to do next, he hadn't quite figured out this part yet. 
 As usual, he did his regular routine; only this time, he was pickier about who to select as his target. Carefully searching for an O blood type so he could increase his charm. Eventually, after a long time searching the school grounds, he found one who met his conditions. 
 The two of them headed into the woods and were in the usual spot. Fex had also decided to follow once again. 
 'Quinn, did you not listen to my warning. If you get addicted and need blood more often, I can only help you this much if you reveal yourself to the outside world. When they come, even I will have to go into hiding.' Fex thought, looking at the scene. 
 Just as Quinn was about to cut the student to absorb some blood, a message appeared. 
 [Your hunger starts to grow] 
 [You must consume blood within 24 hours] 
 [Every hour 1 HP will be lost until blood is consumed] 
 It had only been a little over the 24hour mark, and he received a message. Something that would have usually taken two days in the past. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 289 A Change... 
 The drop of blood was already on Quinn's finger, but after seeing the message, he hesitated to consume it. It had only been a little after 24 hours, and his HP would now start to decrease if he didn't drink any more blood. 
 'Is this what Fex was talking about? Have I already started to become an addict?' Quinn thought. 
 He started to wonder if he continued to go down this path, how sooner would he need blood later? Will it get to the point where blood would need to be consumed every hour. In a way, he was lucky that he had caught it now. 
 It was only because of Fex's message he had decided to be even pickier with his victims. He was trying to select an O blood group person who also met the condition of being a student and alone. 
 This caused him to select someone a little later than usual. If he had taken the blood at his regular time, he would have never received the message and would have continued onward until the tournament. 
 He started to stare at the blood seeping from the cut on the student's arm, trying to think if there was any way for him to get around this problem. 
 Storing blood was a challenging task even if he wanted to keep it for later. It was why he was so thankful for the blood bank. Unfortunately, the blood bank worked in a way where he would have to over consume on blood. 
 Only when his HP was full would blood from the victim would go into his blood bank. Which meant he would have to consume the blood in the first place, which wouldn't help him at all. 
 "Go back to your dorm room and forget about everything that happened tonight," Quinn said quickly in an annoyed voice. 
 He decided not to consume the blood. Right now, a day or two wouldn't be a problem, but if he continued down this path and something happened like before where he was separated from the others, it would be disastrous. 
 He didn't know how much time would shorten every time he consumed blood, but it was a risk he wasn't willing to take. 
 With his head looking down to the floor, Quinn clenched his fist tightly. "Peter, I'm sorry, but I won't be able to save you this time. I'm not strong enough, not yet…" 
 Seeing Quinn's actions had put a smile on Fex's face. Many vampires didn't heed this warning and continued to consume blood. Eventually, the Punishers needed to step in and deal with the problem. 
 Thinking about that particular group of vampires, better known as Punishers started to give Fex a tingling feeling. He had never seen a Punisher himself but had heard the dreaded stories about them. 
 Instead of consuming blood from his blood bank or relying on Layla for blood. Quinn decided to allow his HP to continue to decrease every hour, hoping to build up his resistance. 
 It wasn't very pleasant for him as he wished he would have known about this sooner. Right now, he had 95 points of HP. Which meant it would take 95 hours before his HP would reach near to 0. When he was a lower-level building up a resistance wouldn't have been much of a problem. 
 **** 
 Over the next two days, Quinn no longer did his night time task. He still had hope, since the soldiers still hadn't done anything drastic to Peter. It didn't even seem like they were torturing him. 
 This was all because Quinn could still feel connected with Peter, but he didn't seem to be in pain or distress. 
 After hours of searching, Logan could find near to no information about the dungeons underneath the military bases. Not only at their military base but even the others. In truth, this scared Logan from trying to help Peter even more. 
 He was the type of person who did everything with a plan in his head. Every action had a chance for an outcome. With no information, he felt like a blind man walking through a maze. 
 He continued to search, hoping to crack something; however, they had run out of time. It was now time for the Inter Military Base Tournament. 
 Each class first appeared in their homerooms, making sure they had everything they needed. Inside of Quinn's backpack was the flash that had been given by Fex. He had tried to return it, but Fex refused. 
 Inside the flask was Layla's blood with a single drop of blood from the O blood type. Although he wasn't able to consume the blood that day, he had placed some of it in the flask. 
 [40/95 HP] His HP continued to decrease, and once it was low enough, Quinn would be able to drink it and gain the Stat Point. 
 The flask held 200 milliliters of blood, the same amount as his level 2 blood bank. Giving him a total of 400 milliliters of blood to regenerate from. However, there was no need for it for the event since he wouldn't be taking part. It was always best to be careful, just in case. 
 After all the students had finished packing their belongings, they followed their homeroom teacher outside in front of the school gates. 
 All of the students were lined up in a single file with their homeroom teacher out at the front. On the right side of the front entrance were the first-year students, and in front of them was General Nathan. 
 On the left side, in front of the gate, were all of the second-year students, and in front of them was General Duke. By both of the General's side were the Sergeants. 
 Standing in the center of the two groups was General Mike, who would lead the students during this event. He had an ultimate say. Paul, the Head General, would stay behind, just like the other Head Generals. 
 They were to remain at the base with the other soldiers. If an attack was to occur for whatever reason, military personnel were needed; it was essential to leave somebody in charge and someone strong enough to defend the base. 
 "Alright!" Mike yelled in a loud booming voice. Somehow his voice was loud enough to carry outside and be heard from the very last of the crowd. "Your teachers will now be calling out the following students who will be participating in the events. Please come up to the front once your name has been called 
 "Everyone else, remember you are to support these people. Cheer at the top of your lungs!" Mike shouted, banging his chest. 
 There was silence among the students. 
 "I said cheer!" Mike yelled again, and the students responded, shouting back. 
 First, all of the second-year students who were participating in events were called up. There were a lot of events to go through since the event was similar to the old Olympics. There were even some that banned on the use of abilities. 
 After all the students for the regular events were called up, students for the three primary events were called up. A single student from each homeroom group would be selected for the main events. In front of them, ten second-year students were to participate in the fighting tournament. 
 Quinn was around the middle of his line; still, his eyesight was great, and he was able to see that every single one of the students selected was Level 8. The ability system only went up to level 8. There was a good chance some of the students who stood up there had abilities that went beyond their grades. 
 Now that all the second-year students had finished being called out, it was time for the first-year students. Three students from each class were selected for the three events and walked up to the front. 
 Finally, it was time for Del's class. 
 He started by calling up the students for the crafting event and then moved on to the others. 
 "For the Ranged event, Layla Munrow." 
 She walked slowly to the front but was prepared; when walking past, she made sure to keep her head down, avoiding eye contact with those in her class. However, this didn't stop her from hearing the cruel remarks. 
 "How much do you want to bet on her elimination in the first round?" A student said. 
 "First round, I think she'll forfeit before it even starts." 
 "It should be me up there." 
 "I think I would do a better job, and I don't even use a ranged weapon." 
 Just then, a voice came, "Layla, do your best." 
 She looked up to see who had said those words; to her surprise, they came from Vorden. She smiled at him before hurrying it up to the front. 
 "And finally, for the fighting tournament…" 
 Vorden, who was near the front of the line had already started moving before hearing his name being called out, but after a few steps, he suddenly froze, hearing Del's last words. 
 "Student... Peter Chuck." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 290 To base one 
 When he called out Peter's name, everyone who belonged to Del's class started to look at each other in confusion, while Quinn and his friends just stood there stunned. Due to Peter's shocking incidents, many knew who he was, especially after he was suspected of working with Pure. 
 However, the other classes were unaware of why Del's class were gossiping and making an uproar. 
 "Is that the same Peter as before?" A student said. 
 "I thought he was a member of Pure?" 
 "Maybe he wasn't, and they just found him?" 
 The speculation surrounding Peter grew as to why he hadn't appeared. If he was there in front of them, it meant the military must have cleared him as innocent. Still, after the students stopped wondering why Peter was there, a bigger question popped in their mind. 
 'Why did he get selected as a replacement for Vorden in the fighting tournament?' 
 Peter was well known for being a level 1 weak earth user for most of his school days. It was only later on that he had improved and managed to get himself up to level four. 
 The students weren't the only ones questioning their motive, though; so were Quinn and the others. 
 Out of thin air, a light circle started to light up at the front, next to where the other students stood. A few moments later, the light had dissipated, and in its place stood a soldier, and in front of him was Peter. 
 When seeing Peter in front of their eyes, their hearts and minds started to settle slightly. Everyone there felt a little guilty for deciding not to rescue Peter. Seeing him up on the stage without a single scratch on his body allowed their minds to be at ease. 
 'It looks like the connections were right after all?' Quinn thought. 'They haven't been hurting him in the dungeon, but why have him participate in the tournament? It makes no sense.' 
 However, Logan, who had been busy coming up with multiple outcomes, had thought about this possibility as well. It was just one of the lower chanced ones. 
 At this point, the military most likely already considered Peter as a member of Pure. Not only had a video been made confirming this detail, but the fact that he reinfiltrated using a transformation skill was like a double confirmation in their eyes. 
 The only reason why they would want Peter to be in this fight was if they thought Pure was watching. If they cared about Peter that much to save him from the clutches of Truedream, then perhaps they would do the same again at the Inter Base Tournament. 
 The problem was, it wasn't Pure who had saved him last time. They didn't care about Peter at all. What this also meant was Peter wasn't out of the woods yet. The fighting tournament would be the stage to show all of the Pure members what they were doing to their colleagues. 
 After all the participants were called out, the contenders were all shipped off together and headed out first. Following General Mike, Layla decided to stay close to Peter. She didn't know any of the others and wanted to learn more about what was in the dungeon. 
 This was because part of her mission at the military base was to find out information about the dungeon. 
 "Hey, Peter, are you alright?" Layla whispered. 
 Before Peter could even answer, one of the soldiers escorting the group by their side got in between the two of them. 
 "No one is permitted to talk to student Peter Chuck until after the event." the soldier said. 
 Layla backed down, and the other students found it strange that Peter was receiving special attention, but they didn't think much of it. They were far too focused and excited about their own upcoming events. 
 The rest of the students followed the two Generals, Nathan and Duke. They carried on walking and took a path around the main central plaza area. It was where most of the non-military personnel and soldiers who were on break would be resting and enjoying their time. 
 Eventually, they were led to a place they hadn't seen in a long time. It was the training ground. It was a place mainly used for soldiers to practice battle with their mechs or test new equipment, but today it was empty. 
 A massive orange wasteland with barely any signs of life, apart from a few large craters here and there made from who knows what. 
 Towards the side of the field were several large handlers. Usually, these would be used to store such equipment—the students were then led over to the hangar. When inside, it was different from what they had imagined, it looked like the whole place was empty. 
 There weren't any mechs, not a single storage box or anything. 
 "They must have cleaned this place out recently?" Logan said. 
 "What made you say that?" Fex replied. 
 Logan and Fex were part of the same class, but they didn't speak much together when Quinn wasn't around. Perhaps due to their first meeting not being a pleasant one. Not everyone enjoyed being blasted to the other side of the room. 
 Fex had only joined Quinn 's team before due to Erin and Peter leaving, and Logan was never in their class, to begin with. Since this wasn't a portal outing, there were no such teams, and students had to stay with their classmates. 
 "You see all that rubble. If it were like this from the beginning, the dust would have settled. There are also several markings and patches suggesting that things have been moved out of here recently." Logan explained. 
 "Oh well, not like it means much. I thought we were going to head over to military base One, what the hell are we doing here?" Fex asked. 
 "Attention!" Mike shouted, and the students stopped and saluted. The next few words he spoke after were short and sweet. "Good night!" 
 In an instant, he had placed a mask over his face, and at the same time, the soldiers, including the sergeants and staff, all did the same. Gas instantly started filling the room. Some of the students began to panic while few remained calm. 
 "Of course, this would happen," Logan said. "They gassed us on our ride here, and now that we're moving to another base, don't you think they'll do the sa...sa.. same." Logan gently let out before his eyes closed and fell to the floor. 
 The students around started to collapse one by one. 
 [Your body is being affected by a strange substance.] 
 [Resistance +1] 
 [Resistance +1] 
 [You are now immune to the substance] 
 Quinn had received the same messages which appeared when he was traveling to the school by bus, only this time, it had stated he now had an immunity against it. When looking around, he could see all of the students nearly collapsed by now, with a few struggling to fight against it. 
 One of those was Fex, but even he was eventually affected and fell on the floor. Unlike Quinn, it was his first time being subject to the gas. 
 Not wanting to seem suspicious, Quinn too decided to sway his body slightly while letting his limbs go floppy after faking a fall to the ground. 
 Once all the students had been put to sleep, the hangar doors were opened, allowing the gas to be let out. After the soldiers got to work, placing a black bag over each of the student's heads. 
 After what had happened with Peter, the military was taking extra precautions. There was a chance a student could be woken up or even have an ability that counteracted the smoke. 
 While Quinn was being bagged, he tried his hardest to pretend to be asleep; it seemed to work as after the bagging, the soldier went on to the next student. It was impossible to see, but he could still hear everything that was going on outside. 
 The sound of something large and heavy was heard, followed by several men grunting. He could then hear the squeakiness of wheels. A big clunk was heard and what followed after was a sort of humming sound, like an electric current passing through something. 
 'I've heard this sound before, but where?' Quinn thought. He tried to pinpoint the sound, but his mind was working against him. It was nearly impossible to shift through his memories until he figured out where he had heard this sound before. 
 "Start shifting the students in through the portal one by one." A soldier said. 
 The words were spoken from far away, and maybe others wouldn't be able to hear it, but Quinn could. He finally figured out why the sound was so recognizable because it was the sound of a teleporter. 
 'Wait, why do we need to go through a teleporter?' Quinn thought. 'Wasn't the military basis on Earth?' 
 After finding this information out, he felt like there were two possibilities, either the bases weren't located on earth. Or the event itself was on a different planet altogether. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 291 Finding Bloodevolver 
 Right now, Quinn would do anything to rip the black sack off his head, and the problem was he really could do it. He was a hundred percent conscious of what was happening around him. The main reason for this was to see the color of the portal. 
 If it were a white portal, it would indicate they were traveling somewhere on earth. If it were a colored portal, he would know they were going to a different planet. Military base One was different from the other military bases. 
 It was where the current government would reside, hiding behind the most skilled personnel. It was also where the leaders would gather and was the only base that didn't have a school campus. 
 The place and locations of all military bases were kept secret to the students during their time at the academy. This was to stop information from being leaked outside. This included the smaller factions on the outside world that didn't quite agree with the military's doing. 
 This is why Quinn thought it would make sense for the main military base to perhaps not to be situated on earth. However, he wasn't able to find out, or at least, not today. Because before he could think of any way, his body was lifted and chucked into the portal to the destination on the other side. 
 **** 
 Over at one of the other military bases, a school was also getting prepared to send all their students to military base One. Nate was at his desk, sitting down, staring blankly at the pieces of paper lying in front of him, while the other students were busy packing away their things and getting ready for the Tournament. 
 "You are still looking at that thing!?" Sam said in shock as he came over and placed his bag on the desk and sat nearby Nate. "We are going to depart any second now, and you still haven't even packed your things. Get up already!" 
 "I know, I know," Nate replied, "But I think I might have found the person we were looking for." 
 "You mean the Blood Evolver? I'm not saying he isn't in the Tournament, but I do doubt your slow brain, which is good only at fighting, was able to figure out something like that. Go on then, tell me how did you reach your conclusion?" 
 Nate then lifted the sheet of paper that he had been staring at all this time. The paper showed a long list that contained all the names of students who would be taking part in the Inter Base Tournament. 
 Seeing the paper's contents, Sam's eyes widened in shock, and he quickly moved his hands to put the papers down on the desk, grabbed his bag, and placed it over the list of names. "Are you damn crazy?" Sam whispered, "How did you even get the list of names of all the participants." 
 "It seems like fate wanted me to find them, Sam. When I came into the classroom yesterday night, it was on the teacher's desk. Somebody must have misplaced it." 
 Slapping his hand against his forehead, Sam was starting to wonder how Nate had ever made it this far in life. Although, this side of him was why the two of them were good friends and got along in the first place. 
 "That doesn't mean you can just take it for yourself. Oh well, too late now, as long as we return it, it should be okay and may save us from all the trouble we are going to face," said Sam. 
 "Anyway, after finding the list of names, I started to do some research. I contacted students from the other schools inquiring about each of the participants in the fighting tournament. The main thing I was looking for was a student that fought with gauntlets. 
 "Afterall, there aren't many students who chose to do battle with such a close-ranged weapon. Not only that but based on the information we have, we know he is a first-year student. This narrows down our suspects even more. After asking around, it seems like there is only one student who fits the bill. He goes by the name of Larry Star. This person is our Blood Evolver. He has to be. No… I'm sure of it, I can feel it in my gut." 
 At the start of the explanation, Sam was actually onboard and was starting to be impressed. Was this really the same Nate he had grown up with? However, hearing those last words caused Sam to take a step back a bit. Whenever Nate had a gut feeling about something, it was always a hundred percent wrong. He decided to shrug his shoulders and let Nate go on with his wild thoughts. It wasn't hurting anyone this time, so there was no harm done. 
 "Okay, but what about the Zombie? You were interested in him as well, right?" Sam asked. 
 "About that one, I have no idea; we might not even see him since the nature of his ability is only to heal. I agree that He was strong in combat, but on a tournament scale while not in the game. The fights might not work out the same way." 
 Sam decided to move his bag off the list of names. He then decided to grab the pieces of paper and return it to the teacher's desk before she could enter the classroom. While placing it at the front, Sam couldn't help himself and take a peek at all the names on the list. 
 These names would be of the people who would, in the future, control the world. What Sam also noticed was by each of the names was a little number in brackets. When looking at Nate's name, the number six could be seen. 
 Judging by this, he could easily assume that all the numbers indicated all the students' ability levels participating in the fighting event. 
 "You've always been the underdog in these types of situations, but I know you'll prove everyone wrong." Looking at the names, one could see that Nate was one of the lowest levels in the fighting tournament. Especially when looking at all the second year students. 
 Nearly every student that was participating was either a level 7 or 8 in terms of ability level. Nate was the exception in this challenge. Using his high fighting skills, he would be able to overcome the difference in the strength of abilities. There was also a second reason why Nate could compete on an even level with the higher ability levels; it was because of his soul weapon. 
 Although abilities could be the same, soul weapons were often not. Even if two students had the same earth ability level, their soul weapons would be completely different. One could come in the shape of a hammer, while the other may be a shield. 
 Some soul weapons weren't even objects themselves but were seen as an evolution of their abilities. With how different soul weapons were between each person, they would sometimes make a massive difference in power. In this case, Nate's soul weapon would increase his power to the point that it will allow him to fight them on an equal level. 
 This was why Nate was respected by the higher-level students and looked up to by the low levels as well for overcoming that gap. 
 When looking through the names, something had caught his eye, he was sure that Nate would be the lowest level there, even out of the first years, but it seemed that wasn't the case at all. 
 'What? They can't be serious! Am I seeing things correctly?' Sam brought his head closer to the sheet of paper to have a closer look, but he wasn't mistaken at all. 'One of the first years, they have a level one on her!. What were they thinking? Are they trying to get him killed? It has to be a typo, right?' 
 When inspecting the names closer, Sam also noticed that there were lines between all the participant's names in the fighting tournament. He wasn't quite sure what this meant, but if he was to take a good guess. It would be who their opponents were in the first round. 
 Across from the level one name, Peter Chuck, was another year one student who went by the name of Larry Star, a level 6 user. 
 'Well, what are the chances of that? I guess you might be able to go against our so-called Blood Evolver after all. It should be an easy win for him.' 
 As Sam put the piece of paper down, he looked up and realized that all the students had suddenly gone silent and were staring in his direction. Finding the whole thing strange, he tried to turn away when a slender body came in his view. 
 "Now, would you like to tell me what you were doing with that piece of paper?" Silver asked with a smile. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 292 Poppy Dome 
 The temptation to peek at the colour of the portal was killing Quinn. However, he decided to keep the black sack covering his face, after all, it wasn't worth it. There was no need for him to worry about where the 1st military base was. Actually, he didn't really know why he was getting a little obsessed over it. 
 It wasn't like he was working for Pure or the Dalki, they would've done anything just to obtain this type of information. Even if Quinn did know, it wouldn't have helped him with anything. Unless he was planning to take on the military, but he could never imagine doing such a thing in his entire life. 
 The second his body passed through the portal, he could feel the strange sensation that would usually occur. It felt like your mind was melting. The experience wasn't all that bad, but the imagery was certainly strange. 
 He was actually surprised that when passing through the portal, this strange sensation didn't wake up the other students. This also meant that the gas, or whatever was used to knock them out was strong enough to disable them. As he thought into it a bit more, he was kind of surprised that it was able to place Fex asleep. 
 Having decided to not take off the black bag, once through to the other end of the portal, Quinn continued to pretend to be knocked out. His body was chucked and moved, gently sometimes by some, and quite rough by others. 
 As they continued moving about, he consistently heard strange mechanical sounds around him. It was driving him a little crazy since he was trying to picture what was outside by only using his ears. 
 'I wonder how Leo does it... I would hate it if I became blind.' Quinn couldn't help but think this. 
 Eventually, after a couple of hours of being chucked around from place to place, his body wasn't moved for the last fifteen minutes. And then, the first student other than him woke up. 
 "What the—! What the hell is on my head?!" The student shouted out. Despite opening his eyes, the only thing he could see was the color black. The thought of the world being taken over entered his mind, this caused him to start screaming. 
 "Ahh! I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Please don't kill me!" The student continued yelling before feeling a bump on the back of his head. 
 "Calm down, will you? You just arrived at your destination," the soldier explained as he took the bag off the student. 
 Because of his screaming, it managed to wake up quite a few students. Very slowly, every one of them started waking up. 
 "Please remove the bags from your heads and stay where you are until further instructions have been made." The voice was recognizable and it seemed to come from Old General Mike. 
 All of the students did as instructed and removed their bags, and for the first time in a while, they could finally see. The students were slightly confused as to where they currently were. 
 There was no clear sky, and all that could be seen around them was metal. A thousand students all stood on a clear open space with the generals at the front of the large room. 
 "Are we still in the hangar?" A student asked. Quinn couldn't blame the student for thinking that because it really did look like they had never left the hangar in the first place. However, only he knew that they had gone through a portal. 
 All of a sudden, the sound of something coming from behind them could be heard. The pressure head was released and the light started shining through. When the students turned around, they could see the sides of whatever they were in opening up, and a metallic platform stretching out. It eventually hit the floor, there was a good ten meters from the opening before the platform had touched the ground. 
 "Please make your way down the vehicle." Mike continued his instructions while the soldiers at the front led the way. 
 When stepping outside, they finally noticed that they were in the 1st military base. However, it didn't look all that different from theirs. It was more like a city with certain buildings surrounded by construction. There were mechs out and about, transporting cargo. 
 The main difference was the size of the base itself. It was nearly two times more than theirs. However, the most shocking thing they saw so far was the sky. Although it could be seen, it looked slightly different from what they were used to. This vague feeling continued bugging Quinn, however, he couldn't figure out why. 
 What he did notice though, was the shine going all across them. The entire city seemed to be encased in a large glass-like dome. And around the edges was a high rise wall, making it impossible to see what was outside of the city unless one was in an airship. 
 Once the students looked behind them, only did they realize what type of vehicle they were in. It looked like a submarine on wheels. The thing was extremely huge and it had sixteen wheels the size of houses on its side. 
 Quinn was starting to realise what was making all that noise from before. The teleportation device must have transferred them somewhere, and later, they needed to be moved via the vehicle in front of them. 
 Once all of the students were accounted for, the vehicle started retracting its platform, once it was finished, it immediately headed off in a different direction. 
 Mike, Nathan, and Duke went out to greet another soldier. They later followed him until they reached a train stop. Since the base was large, getting to their destination by foot would probably take them a few hours. 
 While riding the train, the students were able to see more of the city. It seemed like the city itself was split up into different sections. And between each section was a small barrier. Each of these sections had soldiers focus and prioritise on different things. 
 At one of the sections in the city, they witnessed mechs being built and tested. In the next one, it looked like they had beasts in captivity and were doing some type of experiments. And next, it seemed as if it had combat focused classes, and so on and so forth. 
 They then went and passed the city centre. It was a large dome-like building which looked like a miniature version of the base itself, it firmly stood at the centre. The top of the dome had a flower-like design that looked similar to a poppy. 
 The army decided to use this symbol after the first war. Most of the battles between the Dalki took place on earth. There was a lot of blood spilled on the battlefield. Once the war was declared over, something strange seemed to happen. 
 On the fields all across the world where most deaths had occurred. Fields of poppies grew. In the past, it was said that something like this happened once before, however, it had been long forgotten. Despite that, they still chose to use it as their symbol 
 This building was the world government's headquarters. It was where the Eight Head Generals, the leader, and the four big family leaders would meet to make their decisions. It was like they were in control of the world. 
 The train continued moving past the city centre and eventually went towards the back of the city where it seemed a little less busy. They passed another small barrier of some type, and many mechs and soldiers seemed to be standing guard. 
 They entered another part of the city which was separated from the others. Once the train finally stopped, the students got off and continued to follow Mike. 
 After they exited the trains, they could finally see where the event was going to take place. It was an arena that was large enough to host Olympic games right in front of their eyes. 
 It was quite round in shape, almost looking like a wheel on its side. And became it was made of glatherium, it had a slight tint of blue in its color. What surprised them the most, however, was on top of the arena stands, seven large buildings looked to have been built into the thing, making it look like a crown. 
 The seven buildings had a clear open glass that was tinted black. All of them faced inwards towards the arena. On the front, there were large numbers starting from one and ending at seven. 
 "Okay, since you guys are from military base two, please make your way to the second building," the guide who had been leading the generals spoke to them. "Because you're the first ones here, when you finish unpacking your things in your rooms, you are free to explore the area. The buildings here are like hotels, you are allowed to check in and out whenever you want for now. Outside the top of the arena, there are many shops and markets stationed for use. 
 "Since you guys won't be participating in the event itself, we wanted to make you all feel welcome. Shop around and have fun, see if there is something you want to do and treat your stay here like a holiday. Just remember to support your teammates when you can." 
 Quinn was wondering where the others were since he hadn't seen them... Although he saw them in the hangar, but as they were the first ones to enter, they were shortly separated once again when they moved in the large vehicle. 
 The participants were most likely already in the field, or were staying at a separate location altogether. 
 The students followed their teachers to the arena, while the generals had split off into a separate direction. 
 With the large building having plenty of space to accommodate everyone, each student was allowed a room completely to themselves. The atmosphere was quite relaxed. 
 After unpacking his things in the hotel room, someone knocked at Quinn's door, when he opened it, both Vorden and Fex greeted him. 
 "Come on! Let's go and explore this place. It's so cool! I've never been in such a nice area before!" Fex said excitedly. 
 After shutting the door behind him, the trio went and explored the arena's shops. Meanwhile, at the train station, another train just arrived, bringing in another set of students from another military base. 
 One of the first people to get off the train... was Teacher Silver. 

 
	 Chapter 293 Ring name 
 The contestants taking part in the inter military tournament were taken to the arena ahead of time. This was because the participants would be going through some additional checks that the other students didn't need to do. The other reason was so they could be informed of each event's rules and clarify how each event would work. 
 After all, not all events would be as simple as a knockout tournament. 
 They were all taken on a separate train that was heading to the arena. A participant only train. Each carriage was separated into each military base full of the second year and the first-year students. Although some of the second-year students had been through this before, there was still excitement that could be felt through the air, it was an event that only happened once a year. 
 In a way, this was their chance to show their skills to potential factions as well as get a head start if they were to join the military in terms of ranks. Perhaps even find a mentor to train them. Giving them a headstart over others. 
 Inside the second carriage were all the second military base participants, and sitting at the front seat with two guards by his side was Peter. 
 The second-year students were also towards the back of the carriage and could see what was happening at the front. 
 "Hey, did you see that first year?" A student asked. 
 "Yeah, the guards haven't left his side. Do you think he might be that much of a threat that they need to keep an eye on him all the time? I heard some crazy first years tried going against us this year." Another replied. 
 One of the second year students was looking for that exact student the others were talking about...Momo. Ever since the incident with Vorden in the assembly hall, he had decided to keep his involvement on the down-low. For some reason, during his fight with Vorden, even though he had the upper hand against him, he had to go all out, even using his soul weapon. Something was telling him there was still a chance he could have lost that fight. 
 During that fight, some frightening things happened. One of them being Vorden cutting off his arm. When thinking back to the battle, Momo thought if he would have ever been able to decide that, and even if he did, whether or not he could have gone through with it. 
 There was something wrong with the first-year students that just didn't fit right. Momo wasn't participating in the fighting tournament but was looking forward to seeing the full strength of Vorden. However, when he didn't spot him on the train, he was incredibly disappointed and instead saw Peter taking his place. The student they had bullied and forced to go against Vorden. 
 "Just what are you planning on doing, Duke?" Momo mumbled to himself. He had a feeling that most likely, Duke was behind this whole matter. 
 The train had come to a stop, and all the participants were led out of the train straight to the arena. They saw the large buildings on top of the arena; however, they could not meet with their classmates. Instead, they were taken underground in the arena and eventually entered a sizable underground training room. 
 The room was filled with different beast equipment, target tools, gaming equipment, and all sorts. This was a place that allowed the participants to use their abilities freely before they were to participate in their events. 
 "As you can see, several rooms are leading to this one, the entrance which you have entered form is now locked, and only military personnel who are authorized will be able to pass through." A soldier holding a tablet and containing a scanner over his eye explained. 
 "You are free to use this room however you wish before the event. The big day starts tomorrow, so you will have plenty of time to practice. To your right, through the doors, are your sleeping quarters. Feel free to rest whenever you wish. Just behind me is the entrance to the arena. In a moment, we will split you up into groups according to your events, and we will have someone explain and go over the rules. Tomorrow when your names will be called, and you will be escorted up to the arena." 
 The man then pointed to a large display slightly above him that has hooked onto the wall. 
 "We don't want you to be left out of course, above we will be displaying the event to all of you. If you have any problems or concerns, do not hesitate to ask us." 
 With that, the man went off to talk to his team to organize the next step, while the students were free to check out the training room. Many of them went to explore the place while others wanted to play around with the equipment. 
 Some of the stuff they had back at their bases and used it for their training, but some items they had never seen before were excited to test them out and see what they could do. 
 Layla, on the other hand, was busy trying to locate Logan. When looking around, she could see that Peter was allowed to go where he wished inside the training room, but the two guards from the train continued to follow him around everywhere. 
 This of course gathered quite a bit of attention, and some of the students even tried approaching Peter. Almost immediately, one of the guards would yell at the student to stand back. 
 "Hey, Logan," Layla said, approaching him while looking around to see if anyone was paying attention to her. A habit that was forced into her from her training days. "I was wondering, do you have any idea why they are making Peter fight in this tournament?" 
 Logan looked closely at the two guards by Peter's side. He noticed that the equipment they were wearing wasn't of low quality at all. It was at least the advanced level, maybe even higher. IF they were to go through this much trouble to guard one student, then it would seem like his hunch from before was right. 
 "I think they're trying to use this event to lure out the rest of Pure. They think he's one of them after the video we made. It would make sense, and if they believe they cared about him that much to try to snatch him from Truedream, then maybe they would do the same at this event." Logan replied. 
 Hearing this, the sick feeling in Layla's stomach had returned. If that were the case, they would be heavily keeping an eye on Peter, and there might not even be a chance for them to try to save him. 
 Thinking about this, Layla thought about whether or not she should try to get Pure involved. She knew that Peter wasn't a part of Pure. Still, if she were to put a word to her mother, maybe she would help her. 
 Although this thought didn't last long, Layla was currently a rank 100 agent, and she had already called in a big favour from her mother last time. It was unlikely her mother would risk the whole organization for this once again. Knowing this, she was too afraid even to ask. 
 'I'm sorry, Peter, there's nothing I can do.' 
 After about half an hour of the students exploring the training area, they were called and huddled up once again. This time they were divided into groups based on the events they would be participating as they were told they would before. 
 Logan was placed into the crafting event, Layla into the arranged event, while Peter into the fighting event. The three of them were now separated from Peter even further. 
 Each group was led to a different section of the room where a soldier would explain the event's details to them. The three main events had the most participating students since one student was required from each homeroom class. 
 Ten students from the first year, and ten students from the second year. With the seven schools participating, that meant there were 140 students per main event. 
 In the fighting event, while the soldier was busy explaining the rules to everyone, everyone's attention was focused on one person. Peter, who still at this moment had the two guards by his side. It was clear to them that he must have been such a dangerous event, but now that Peter was closer to all the participants, they could spot something on his wrist. 
 The fact that his level on his watch indicated he was only a level 1. 
 'How is that possible? Wait, How is he even in the tournament?" 
 The students wanted to question it and ask, but the soldier upfront was busy explaining the rules and processes to everyone, and they knew better than to interrupt. 
 "Oh, so it looks like Sam didn't misread that name list. There was a level One student in the fighting tournament." Nate said. 
 Unlike the others, Nate wasn't too interested in the mysterious figure. He was far too busy trying to figure out, out of all the participants here, which one was Larry. The Blood Evolver. Right now, the students didn't have their best equipment, so it was hard for him to tell. 
 "And that's about it for the fighting event rules. Now what we will do is go around and take a stage name from you all. This name will be used to announce you before you enter the arena. Try to pick a name that will strike fear and be remembered by all. After all, not only military personnel will be watching this. Many top tier factions have been invited to this event as well." 
 After the explanation was over, several soldiers went around with tablets held in their hands, gathering each student's required information. Finally, one of the staff had arrived at Peter. 
 "What would you like your ring name to be?" He asked. 
 Peter thought about it for a while. He too could tell the soldiers around him were of a higher class than their military base. If there was ever a chance for him to escape, he should have done so when he was alone with Truedream and the other soldiers. 
 Right now, he couldn't escape, and he couldn't even imagine Quinn and the others thinking of a way of saving him. If he were going to be killed after this anyway, he would go down using all his strength. He wasn't just going to throw away the fight. 
 This meant they would find out about his incredible healing abilities. If he were made into a lab rat, he wouldn't tell them anything about Quinn. He still had respect for Quinn for saving his life, and after betraying them once, he wouldn't ever do it again. 
 "Are you sure about your ring name?" The man asked. "It's sometimes nice to have a name related to your ability or one that's easy to remember?" 
 "I'm sure," Peter replied. 
 Down on the man's tablet, the name ZombieP was written. A name that, when revealed, would shock the other participants. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 294 Defensive equipmen 
 With the event starting tomorrow, the students were free to do what they wanted for the rest of the evening. There were no strict requirements and even no curfew for the students, which was a first; it truly did feel like they were on a week trip to watch a grand event. Never had they ever, been treated like this before. 
 The only rules that were put in place were for students to not leave the arena. Not that it was possible anyway. The arena was located in a separate part of the city, and the only way to get to it was via train, which would go through several different barriers. 
 When stepping off the train, they all noticed the mass amount of security. Leaving this place seemed to be a lot harder than breaking in. However, after living in luxury, they really felt like there was no reason for them to try to leave anyway. 
 The three boys, Quinn, Fex and Vorden had left the hotel room and headed down to the top of the arena. Just like the guide had said, the top of the arena was mostly flat and filled with all kinds of stalls manned by staff. There were coffee stalls, food places, Vr games and all sorts. But what interested most of the students was the equipment stalls. 
 Some of these sold different types of beast gear and armour, as well as items that would go hand in hand with certain abilities while fighting. The boys decided that they would walk around the entire circle, looking at all the shops before committing to buying anything. It was always horrible when one would see something they liked in a shop, only to find something better or cheaper in the next one. 
 "Go on then," Fex said with his hands behind his back. "What do you think of the sudden change?" 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn asked, confused. 
 "What? Do you mean you can't tell? All of a sudden they're pampering us up, nice hotel rooms, shops, equipment and no curfew." Fex replied. 
 Quinn hadn't really thought about it before. He just felt like the group were currently on a school holiday like they used to have at school. Near Christmas times and other holidays, schools tended to be more relaxed. The world, even the military world, couldn't be all work and no play, could it? 
 "Looks like you figured it out." Vorden said and motioned around, "The whole thing is a ploy for the students. They show and give them a taste of what life is like at military base one. Some of the students will start to think maybe choosing to join the military, rather than the faction isn't so bad, especially if they can have a life like this. I hate to say it, but there's always a motive behind everything." 
 The three boys stopped to take a break and were looking over the edge, down at the arena floor. There looked to be thousands and thousands of seats, but none of them were for the students. The students would be watching the fight, either from the top platform they were currently on, or from their hotel rooms. There were multiple large display screens every once in a while, so it wasn't like they would miss anything. 
 The seats themselves were for all the different factions from earth and other planets. They had been invited to see the future generation display their power. It was a good chance for the military to show the world that it was necessary to continue to draft teens into the army. As well as for factions to try to get future talent. 
 "Maybe it's a good thing I'm not fighting," Vorden said. Although these words were spoken quietly, with Fex and Quinn's hearing, they both had heard him say these words and were wondering what he meant by them as he looked at the crowd of empty chairs. 
 Unlike them, Vorden was a talented individual. An original from a good family but not one of the top four. If he were able to display his strong skills and abilities, he would easily be scouted into a top faction, Quinn thought. His life would be set, and he would have nothing to worry about. 
 So it was strange to see Vorden kind of relieved that he wasn't fighting. 
 The three of them continued walking and having already done a full circle, they had decided which shops they wanted to stop by. For Quinn, what he truly wanted was a strong or better set of gauntlets to use. His intermediate pair wasn't good enough. 
 However, when looking around, there was barely anything above the intermediate level. Most equipment at the advanced level or higher would have to be hunted for, or one would need to hire travellers to gather the materials for them. There were a few items, but none that matched what Quinn was looking for. 
 Still, with only boots and gauntlets, there was no harm in increasing his equipment in other areas, one of these being defences. The best piece of equipment to get would be a type of chest piece. This covered the largest area, and when using his inspect skill, Quinn also found it gave him the most defence points. 
 When walking around this time, they noticed a lot more students around than before. This was because all of the other military bases had arrived by now, and they too had left to explore. 
 They entered a few shops and Fex was the first to buy some items. He purchased very small knives that were as large as a finger and had a little ring just underneath the handle. Knowing that he had a string ability, Quinn could imagine Fex being able to do great things with those weapons. 
 While Vorden didn't purchase anything but instead stared at two short swords on the wall, seeing this, a memory came back for Quinn. He had asked Vorden a long time ago if he was to use a weapon, what type of weapon it would be, and he had replied with a pair of short blades. 
 Vorden didn't use beast weapons much, as he seemed to favour elemental abilities and most elemental ability users didn't really use beast weapons, but still had plenty of beast gear. 
 After inspecting the stats of the swords on the wall, and looking at the intermediate blades in Quinn's system shop, he realised how much better the weapons in his shop were. 
 "Don't buy those," Quinn said. "Don't worry; I'll get you something nice soon." 
 Vorden smiled, and the three of them left the shop to head off to the next one. The next shop was a place for Quinn. A shop that mainly focused on armour. A piece had caught his eye before. An intermediate piece that was dark blue in colour and had a silver trim going around the edges. 
 After selling his crystals from the last portal expedition, he now had a total of 4440 credits to spend. The intermediate piece on the wall was 4000 credits so he had enough to spend, but was hesitating whether he wanted to clear his bank like that for one piece of equipment. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Intermediate Geo rock Chest armour] 
 [No active skills] 
 [All stats +1] 
 [Defense + 20] 
 There were similar priced items in the shop, but this was one of the only ones that increased all stats. Other pieces of equipment, improved strength more, while giving no stat points to other areas. But this was well balanced. On top of that, it had the most defensive points of the lot. 
 Quinn still hadn't figured out what defensive points really did. His gauntlets gave him eight while his boots gave him four. If he had the chest piece on top of that, he would have 32 points of defence. Even if he didn't know what to do, the higher number was always better right? 
 After thinking about it for long enough, he finally had decided to go through with the purchase, reaching out his arm. As his fingertips pressed against the right chest plate, another hand was seen pulling it from the other side. 
 The student to his left, turned and looked at Quinn. The first thing that he noticed that stood out to him was the wristwatch, indicating he was a level one ability user after seeing this the boy immediately let go. 
 "Please go ahead and take it." The boy said. "You grabbed it first." 
 "Actually, you were a little faster than me; you go ahead." Quinn said. With his eyesight he was able to tell the boy to his right was only a fraction of a second faster at grabbing the plate. He had no right to claim he grabbed it first. 
 "No please get it instead of me, I insist I don't need it." The boy replied back once again. 
 The two of them continued on like this, while Vorden and Fex stood back and couldn't believe what they were watching. "I guess this is what happens when you have two nice people," Fex said. "Nothing gets sorted." 
 "You think Quinn's nice?" Vorden asked him. 
 Fex thought about it for a while, most of his interactions with Quinn were nice ones, and after saving his life, he had no other reason but to think he was a nice guy. 
 "You don't?" Fex replied back. 
 Vorden didn't reply back, but he didn't agree about Quinn being nice. He didn't think he was a bad person, but didn't think nice was the right word. 
 Eventually, after going back and forth, Fex was fed up with watching, and snatched the chest piece handing it over to Quinn. "Just take it man, I want to continue shopping." 
 The boy smiled, indicating he was happy for Quinn to take the piece of armour, but before purchasing for the item, Quinn wanted to get the name of the student, hoping maybe he would return the favour back to him one day. 
 "What's your name?" Quinn asked. 
 "The name's Sam." 
 **** 
 For MVs artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 295 Stealing 
 [30/95 HP] 
 The system message appeared in front of Quinn's face once again. It was a constant reminder that his health continued to decrease, not that he needed the reminder anyway. Whenever the system message would appear, he would have shooting pains rush through his head and stomach moments before it. His inside felt like they were trying to tear each other apart, and his brain felt like someone was reaching inside and squeezing it. 
 This feeling usually lasted for around five minutes before Quinn was able to suppress it. 
 "Hey, are you okay?" Sam asked. "You don't look too good." 
 Fex quickly came over to Quinn's side to give him a helping hand. He was the only one who actually knew what Quinn was doing as he had informed him beforehand. Vorden knew something was happening but wasn't aware of the truth, and decided to let it be, figuring out that it was most likely some vampire-related business. 
 Quinn handed over his money card and gave it to Vorden to complete the purchase at the desk. The 400 credits were exchanged, and the equipment was placed in a fancy metallic suitcase. By the time Vorden had returned with the item, Quinn had mostly recovered and gotten over the pain. 
 "Well, I hope you start feeling better," Said Sam, "I'll see you guys at the tournament. Maybe we can meet up and watch it together?" Sam didn't have many friends at his own military base, being quite the low level himself as a second year. 
 With Nate participating in the fighting tournament, Sam was pretty much on his own. So he thought it would be nice to enjoy the event with some others that wouldn't be quick to judge, being low levels themselves. 
 "Yeah, that sounds good." Quinn managed to crack out a smile as the last bit of pain started to fade to the back of his mind. 
 The four of them left the shop together and were ready to part ways as they continued to explore. As soon as they took a few feet away from the shop, a strange feeling was felt on each of their necks, as if their hairs were standing on end. 
 "We're being followed," Fex whispered. 
 "I know, a group of five," Vorden replied. 
 The three boys weren't the only ones that noticed this; when Sam turned around to check on the three boys, he could also see that a group was strangely following them from behind. 
 'What are they planning?' Sam couldn't help but decided to get involved. He knew if Nate were here, he would have tried stopping whatever was about to happen. 
 As expected, the group of students suddenly decided to appear and block the three's path. The boy at the front had the sides of his hair cut short and a purple streak running down the middle. He quickly glanced down at the three watches before deciding to approach them. After confirming all of their ability levels were lower than his, a smile appeared on his face. 
 "Well, what do we have here." The student said as he got closer. 
 "Um well, we're a little short on money, you see, and we were kind of hoping to buy something from one of these shops. I had my eye on that chest piece for a while, and when I saw someone else buy it, it just rubbed me the wrong way." The student then got right up into Quinn's face as he said his next words… "Especially when I see a weak level one like you getting something like this. It would be useless in your hands." 
 [Inspect] 
 [Name: Zac Lee] 
 [Ability level: 6] 
 [Transformation ability] 
 Using the inspect skill, Quinn was able to figure out the level of all the members of the opposite group, even when they were hiding their watches. It made sense why the student Zac was confident. He was a level six ability user, and everyone else around him was around a level 4 and five. 
 As a group, they seemed quite strong. After they had seen that, both Fex and Quinn were only level ones, even with Vorden being with them, they didn't even think they had a chance of losing. Right now, Vorden had a random ability of a level four user he had touched, so his wristwatch was displaying that number. 
 So Zac and his group had even more confidence that the group faced no such threat in front of them. 
 Using his right hand, Zac placed it on top of the metallic case in Quinn's and tried to pull it away using all his strength. When he tugged though, there was no movement, and his hand slipped off from the metal case. The smile on his face dropped. 
 Quickly, Zac grabbed on to the case again and tried to pull it out of Quinn's hand again, this time getting a more firm grip on the case, but when Zac tried to pull away, a tight grip was felt around his hand which gripped the case. 
 "What the hell…. do you think you're doing?" Quinn said slowly. " This… is mine." 
 Zac's group of friends behind had no clue what was going on and were still smirking away at the thought of the helpless level ones having their expensive gear taken away. 
 'Why is this person making me feel sick when I look him in the eye?' Zac thought. 
 When inside the shop, Zac had carefully watched Quinn and his friends enter the shop. Even before they had purchased the equipment, he had taken note of their Levels. It came as a big surprise when he found out a Level one user could purchase intermediate gear. 
 Then a thought had hit him; perhaps he was someone from a prestigious or at least a wealthy family. They had been cursed with a son that was only able to produce a low amount of MC cells—never being able to get past level one. At that point, the only thing one could do was purchase beats gear to help them on their journey through life. 
 Having made this prediction, Zac never thought a reaction like this would come from Quinn. 
 "Hey, Five against three is a bit unfair, don't you think so? Maybe we should even up the sides a little." Sam said as he walked over. 
 Sam, too, had actually thought the same thing as Zac when he saw Quinn. The only difference was, Sam thought he could relate to Quinn. For he was one of those very people. A person who was unable to progress any higher in his ability level, despite being able to purchase books at a higher tier. His body had already hit the MC cell limit. 
 Seeing Sam coming over, Zac's group of friends behind him started to get more aggressive and were getting ready for a face-off. 
 As the tension rose in the air, it felt like either side was going to strike first. However, both Fex and Vorden were worried about a different matter. For some reason, Quinn was upset at the actions that had just occurred. It made sense anyone would be; the only difference was Quinn had a critical secret he needed to hide. 
 "I think I know what you mean about him not being nice now," Fex whispered over to Vorden. 
 Even Quinn himself felt his actions were a little stranger than usual. Of course, he always wanted to punish people who did things like this, but right now was not the time, especially with as many military personnel around as there was. Still, Quinn refused to let Zac's wrist go, and moreover, he was starting to grip it harder and harder. 
 Zac could feel this, and the pain was starting to get to him. He wanted to squeal or grunt a little but was too afraid the other would laugh at him if he began to give in to the pain and were to make strange noises. 
 'What do I do?' He thought, looking for a way out of this. 
 "Hey, what is going on here!." A deep voice said from the side. A soldier had appeared, wearing a military uniform. "There is to be no fighting during the week stay here, do you understand? If you disobey, we will have to lock you up for your remaining time here. If there is a dispute, I suggest you settle it through some other matter. I'll be keeping an eye on you." The soldier said as he walked back off, continuing on his way to where he was going before. 
 When the soldier had arrived, Quinn's grip had loosened and Zac managed to break free in a split second. After hearing the words of the soldier, an idea had popped into his head. Maybe there was a way to settle this still and get the item he wanted. More than that, Zac felt a little humiliated and wanted to get his pride back. 
 "Fine, I have a little suggestion to make. If you are interested, why don't we play a little game? Your guys versus mine." He said with a smile. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 296 A little game 
 Hearing Zac's words, Quinn wanted to outright refuse whatever type of proposal was about to be made. It was clear they were up to no good and what reason did they have to go along with their little game. 
 "Just get out of here before I…" 
 Just then, a person from Quinn's right side stood in front of him. 
 "Sounds interesting, what do you have in mind?" Before Quinn could even reject their offer, Fex had chimed in at the last second. The word game had interested him greatly, besides they had already finished their shopping and explored the area. Other than going back to their hotel room to rest, there was nothing they could really do. 
 Fex didn't care about the results of the events and wasn't taking part in them, so this might have been the only bit of fun he would be able to experience. 
 "Since you guys seem more confident then your usual low levels, I thought this might interest you." Zac and the group started to walk off, and Fex followed without a second thought. The others looked at each other and shrugged thier shoulders, deciding to go along. 
 "Don't worry, they can't really do much, and you can always refuse," Sam said. 
 After following Zac and his group for a while, they were eventually led to the game section of the platform. It looked like he really did mean they would play a game and it wasn't a metaphor for something else. The stall they stopped at had several different booths that were open for the outside public to see. 
 Inside the booths was what looked like an old fashioned training machine. It was a standard upright thick pole made of metal. The pole was split up into 6 different sections, and each one had another pole sticking out of it. 
 Quinn watched one of the students carefully. A digital countdown appeared above his head, 3…2..1.. When the timer reaches 0, a buzzing sound was heard. 
 [Game, started. level 3] 
 The metal pole started to twist the different sections of its body. However, not all of the sections moved in the same direction. The very top section twisted and the pole from the top was now coming towards the students head from the left side. At the same time, the bottom section of the pole had twisted in the opposite direction. Making the extended pole attack from the right side. 
 At the same time, the student lifted his left hand and right leg, blocking both of the attacks. The pole twisted again and continued to twist and turn to allow attacks to come from all different directions aiming for the student's body. That's when Quinn also noticed, there was a small ring where the student was standing. 
 'I see, so he has to block all the attacks without stepping out of the ring.' Quinn thought. 'The higher the level, the faster and more varied the attacks.' 
 "My suggestion is we bet that beast armour of yours by playing the game." Said Zac." Each person here will count as a life for our team. The first person will start at level one and keep going up until they are eliminated, then the next person from the team will start from the level they have left off, then whichever team finishes on a higher level wins." Zac explained. 
 With this type of game it was best to allow the most skilled person to go last. The reason for this is because the person was able to watch how the one before them failed. They could get a sense of timing for the machine as well as witness the varied attack patterns. 
 "You're team only has four people, so one of you can go twice." Said Zac. "The reason for choosing this game is because it requires us not to use our abilities. I didn't want to pick something where we would clearly be the winner. This will just be a test of reflexes and quick thinking on your feet." 
 "I don't like it," Vorden said. "I don't have a problem with the game, I mean I think anyone of us here will be able to beat your whole team. The problem is, what's in it for us. We gain nothing from this bet, as the beast gear is rightfully Quinn's in the first place." 
 While watching Sam speak, he was amazed at how much confidence Vorden had. He didn't stutter when speaking in front of these higher levels, and when pointing to his teammates, it seemed like he was genuine when he said, he thought anyone of them would be able to beat them in the game. 
 "I thought you might say that, of course, I wouldn't just be putting up nothing on our side." Zac, reached is not the bag of one of his fellow teammates and pulled out a beast crystal. It was slightly clear in colour and after Quinn used the inspect skill he was able to tell it was an intermediate beast crystal. 
 [Lythey Intermediate beast crystal] 
 [Compatible with an item from the shop] 
 After using his inspect skill though, another message that he hadn't seen before had appeared. After selecting the message, the system immediately took him to his shop showing him a single short sword. One of the swords in his shop required this very crystal to be crafted. 
 The weapons from Quinn's shop were of higher quality than one could find on the market place. The problem was, nearly all of the weapons on it required him to gather specific items to create them. As he was still a student, he was unable to go travelling to other beast planets to hunt for these things. 
 For now he decided he would just leave it for the future, after he had left the school. Coming across one of the materials to create a weapon was a golden opportunity for him. 
 "We'll play your little game." Quinn said. 
 "Excellent," Zac replied, not doubting for a second they were going to lose. 
 Outside of the arena on the bottom floor, Leo stood outside. He had just come from the underground area after checking on the participating students. The real reason why he was there though was to check on Peter. He had a hand in helping the students during the matter with Truedream. 
 There was a chance that using their strange and strict methods, the military would find out he was also involved in the case. He wasn;t worried, but at the same time he had to prepare for the worst. 
 'Originally, there was one, and now there are three.' Leo thought. 
 He was thinking of the strange auras that he had sensed. At first, it was only Quinn, later Peter's aura had changed and then a third student had arrived with the same aura. With his ability, he could tell they weren't human, or at least not fully or not the same. 
 'The military might be stepping on their toes in something they can't handle.' Leo had a hunch, that if these people weren't really human, and they were basically going to publicly execute one of their kind. Then just maybe they would come and try save him, or at a later date, these actions could cause a lot of trouble, possibly even another war. 
 The human race couldn't handle fighting the Dalki and another Unknown entity. If it came to it, maybe the better decision would be for him to save Peter himself. 
 From just underneath Leo's belt, he had a small pouch where he pulled out a small little flask. It was the one that had been found at the last portal expedition. He still didn't know who it belonged to, but he did know it was a strange and powerful item. 
 The aura surrounding it was similar to his own weapons. For a simple flask to be made out of high-quality beast material would be a waste. It had to be something special, he thought. 
 Thinking that he might have missed something, or a special use for the flask. Unscrew the lid from the top of the flask. The contents inside the flask remained the same, as Leo didn't want to throw it away. 
 He swirled it around looking at the red liquid inside. 
 "That's definitely blood, I wonder if all of this is linked somehow?" 
 As he said those words, the sounds of footsteps rushing towards him was heard. Leo Quickly activated his ability, allowing him to cover a wider range. After doing this, he was even more worried than before. For some reason, the figures aura seemed to be masked. 
 He could still see the figure, but it seems like whatever was heading in his direction was able to suppress it. Eventually the footsteps slowed and now he could get a clearer view on it. Seeing it had a human-like shape, Leo calmed down a little but was still prepared for anything. 
 The figure was now in front of Leo, but of course, Leo could only tell someone was there and not what they looked like. 
 "Where did you get that flask?" A female voice said. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 297 Block, Block, Block 
 After having agreed to the little bet, all nine of them rented out a booth and headed over to the area. The people who walked by simply ignored what was going on. There were too many people in one section, it blocked outsiders from being able to see anything that was going on. Although they did find it strange that so many people were in one booth, it still wasn't interesting enough for them to actively try and find out what was happening. 
 Now, all that was left was to decide who from which team would go first. 
 "Please let me do it." Sam volunteered himself. "I know you guys don't really know who I am and just met me, but those guys just rub me the wrong way. Think of it as a freebie. You can observe for the meantime, and when I get stuck on a level it should make things easier for you guys." 
 Since Sam was insistent and sincere, the others found it hard to refuse his offer. In addition, Quinn liked the look of determination in his eyes. 
 "Sure, go ahead." Quinn responded. 
 They were confident that they wouldn't lose, especially against some of the other students, but against people like these that never tried to get through life with their own hard work, then no. They wouldn't allow themselves to lose to people like this. 
 Sam on the other hand, volunteered because he was worried that the others might humiliate themselves. He could tell by their stripes on their shoulder that they were only first years. It was most likely that they had never played a game like this before. In fact, the game was more difficult than it looked. One would have to be able to keep their concentration at their best while also multitasking. If he could beat everyone from the opponent's side, then there would be no need for anyone else to step in. 
 "Zippy will go first," Zac said. 
 The student approached the metal pole while the rest of the players stepped back a few meters away from the room, just outside the game zone. 
 Zippy was a level 4 ability user, he was the lowest on the other team. 
 "3…2..1... Level 1, Start." 
 The game had started. The top two sections of the metal pole started twisting. At first, the machine was incredibly slow and Zippy was able to block two attacks. This continued on for a little while, Quinn noticed that only two parts of the machine were moving. This was due to the machine only being set at Level 1. 
 What Quinn also realized was the other part of the machine would only move once the person placed their hand or leg down. After blocking the attack, if one were to keep their arms up, then the machine wouldn't start until it was able to sense that the arm had gone back down again. 
 Forty five seconds had now passed. All of a sudden, the machine started speeding up for the last fifteen seconds, Zippy's expression changed as a little bit of sweat started running down his face. 
 "Beep" 
 One minute had passed and the sound of the buzzer had gone off, this indicated he had passed. Zippy let out a big sigh while he wiped the sweat from his forehead, he walked back to his teammates. 
 "Good job, Zippy. If you couldn't even pass Level 1, then I was going to ask why you were still hanging around us," Zac said. 
 Zippy held his head down when he walked past the other, he had no response to give. 
 Next was Quinn's team. 
 "Whoa! Go on Pam!" Fex shouted while clapping his hands. 
 "It's Sam," Vorden corrected him, slapping his head, and slightly embarrassed as to why he was even with such an idiot. 
 Even though the game had started, Sam didn't look nervous at all. Instead, he was calmly breathing and keeping it steady while blocking all of the attacks. 
 "He's quite good, at least he's been taught well," Vorden commented. 
 Quinn thought the same. Once he concentrated and closed his eyes, he was able to focus on his hearing. When he listened to Sam's heartbeat, he could tell it was stable unlike the contestant from before. Even during the last fifteen seconds, Sam stayed the same. 
 When Sam walked back to the others, they each gave him a high five and congratulated him on a good job. 
 "Pfft! Look at them, celebrating when they only passed Level 1, they're acting like they've already won," Zac said in an annoyed tone. 
 It was Zippy's turn once again, this time, he was on Level 2. On this level, three of the different sections started moving. This caused the player to also move up and down, blocking the attacks not only to their head, but also the ones headed towards their body. Zippy was doing well so far with only fifteen more seconds to go. 
 Just like last time, it sped up in the last quarter. Zippy blocked the first two hits and lifted his hand up to block an attack to the left of his face, and then another to his right. 
 This was when the others started noticing something wrong. Although the machine's strikes weren't all that powerful but if the attack wasn't properly blocked, it would still hurt. It was quite similar to someone giving a soft-padded punch, especially since the bars themselves were covered. Yet, for some reason, Zippy's hands were shaking. 
 When the third bar swung towards the right side of his rib, Zippy hesitated since he thought back to the words Zac just said. His concentration broke and it ruined his form, his movements became as erratic as he was nervous. This slip-in was more than enough, he was just a split-second late in blocking the blow heading towards his ribs. 
 "Beep! Beep! Beep!" 
 "Game over!" 
 As he walked back to his team, he hung his head in shame. He didn't even bother making eye contact with Zac. Zac too didn't say anything to him. It was a stupid mistake someone at their level should never make. In his mind, Zippy wanted to blame Zac for placing too much pressure on him, however, he knew that his words would be pointless. 
 Now, it was time for Sam to go again. Just like previously, he dealt with the multiple bars coming towards him with ease. When the game started speeding up towards the end, his breathing was a little quicker, but it didn't batter, his pace was incredible and it looked like he was playing some sort of rhythm game. 
 "Beep! Level 2, Completed." 
 Instead of heading back to the others, Sam remained in the game room. This was because of their agreement beforehand, after another member from the opposing side was eliminated , the other one would stay and go onto the next level. Like this, the other team would have a slight advantage, this was how the game worked. 
 For example, Zippy lost for being hit in the ribs. By seeing this, Sam would be able to observe and dodge the same strike. Not that it would have helped much at this stage anyways. 
 "Level 3, Begin." 
 The machine started once again, and there seemed to be a big jump in difficulty from Level 2 to Level 3. All six of the sections were moving this time. Having just completed the last round, Sam was a little tired, however, he still managed to persevere by blocking each of the bars. 
 When the last fifteen seconds came, the machine's speed looked like it almost doubled. 
 "Left block, right block, knee raise, right block again, elbow down." Sam thought about every move, but this was his downfall. Before, since he had enough time to think about everything he was doing, it worked out for him. Now that the attacks were too fast. He forgot to breathe as he was too focused on thinking and blocking. And suddenly, he needed to gasp for air. When taking in a deep breath, a bar came swinging out and whacked him on the face. 
 "Game over!" 
 Sam looked disappointed in himself. He thought he would have been able to help out the others more. And yet, he was only able to eliminate a single player from the other team. He realized that playing this time of game on your own and as a team was a little different. 
 When you were on your own, you could start the same level again while remembering the speed and attack patterns. You could easily get better and adjust to the game's leve. It wasn't that Sam couldn't pass Level 3, but he would have needed to play it a couple more times before being able to do so. 
 With the team mode, they only had one chance. Each player only had a single life. 
 "I'm sorry,." Sam said as he walked back to the others. 
 "Don't worry about it, I learned quite a bit from watching you," Quinn said, not taking his eyes off the machine. 
 Sam felt like it was all over after realizing the difference in playing as a team and as a single player. He never imagined that they could win anymore. Instead, he started praying to the Karma Gods, hoping that their opponents would get what they deserve and somehow lose the match. 
 Another student from Zac's team walked forward and started the game. While Sam was busy playing the game, this student had been practising off at the side while trying to match the machine's speed. Now that he had a good idea what the attacks would be like, everything seemed to work out for him. 
 After the minute had passed, the game was over and they completed Level 3. 
 "Alright, who's going next on your team?" Zac asked them with a sneer on his face. 
 While clenching his hand into a fist like he was getting into a fight, Fex stepped forward. 
 "Haha! Time to show you how easy this little thing is!" Before he could get into the game area, a hand appeared on his shoulder and pulled him back. 
 "Let me take this one," Quinn said. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 298 Second Chance 
 For Sam, Zac, and the other teams standing by the sidelines, it came as a surprise for them as to who was volunteering. The two people going at it this time were both Level 1s. If this was an ordinary team, then Zac wouldn't have thought too much of it. After all, it made sense to allow the weaker one to go first. However… Level 1s couldn't just be considered 'weak'. 
 They were beyond that. From the beginning, the only two people that the group focused on were Vorden and Sam. They even thought that the other two would have forfeited after knocking them out. Playing against Level 1's was just a waste of time. 
 But still, it looked like Fex willingly stepped back, allowing Quinn to take the stage. Vorden, on the other hand, didn't bat an eyelid at the Level 1 making his way into the arena. 
 Sam felt that maybe they were just letting everyone have a go at the thing, or perhaps allow Vorden more chances to see how the machine worked. Although their chances of winning were slim but from the looks on their faces, they hadn't given up yet. 
 Meanwhile, Zac was taken aback at the sudden situation. The very same student who emanated a huge amount of confidence before was still displaying that exact same amount of confidence right now. For some reason, he felt that it was natural that he tried his best in avoiding eye contact with Quinn. 
 For a moment, he gave in to his urges and looked up. When his eyes met with Quinn's, he instinctively knew that this was a bad idea. A tingling sensation could be felt at the back of his brain, it was almost as if it was trying to burst out of his skull and run away. 
 'What's wrong with you, Zac? Get it together.' 
 Quinn entered the game zone and took a relaxed stance while in the circle. The others felt like it was all a show. They simply couldn't believe why he was extremely calm. 
 "He'll be out in ten seconds," one of them said. 
 "Oh, yeah? Do you want to bet for it? I reckon thirty seconds, for ten credits," another replied. 
 "He should be confident for a reason, right? I think forty-five, just before things start speeding up." 
 "Zac, do you want to get in on this bet?" 
 Zac didn't respond to them. Truthfully, he didn't want to tell the others his answer, something was telling him that Quinn would be able to clear the entire thing. 
 The game began and the other group was carefully watching the timer instead of Quinn himself. They were all hoping to cash in their winnings. 
 Once the timer went past the ten-second mark, a moan could be heard since one of them lost the bet. The seconds continued to pass by as it eventually crossed the thirty-second mark. 
 "I can't believe it." 
 The game entered the final fifteen second, now that all of their bets failed, they decided to look at Quinn. 
 However, as they observed him, they found things to be quite odd. It still looked as if he was just casually standing in the same spot. The bars came swinging out at him, and just as one of them was about to him at the very last second, he would be able to block the attack with his arm, he would retract his limb and then repeat the same thing at the rest of the bars. 
 Watching Quinn do this was painful for Sam's heart. It was as if someone was walking on a tightrope. Every single attack seemed to have been barely blocked at the last second. 
 Sam watched at the very beginning of the round. Even when the machine moved at a slower pace, the attacks still looked as if they were just about to hit Quinn. Because of how things were going, he expected that Quinn would lose in the final fifteen seconds. 
 "Beep!" The sound of the game ending and the level being completed was heard. Sam's prediction was completely wrong. 
 "Whoa! Will you look at that? He actually did it! Well, good news, there's no way he's getting past the next one. Right, Zac?" 
 Once again, Zac didn't respond. What the others failed to realise was that Quinn wasn't even out of breath, in fact, he didn't have a single sweat on him. Although the game was only a minute long, but with the unusual amount of intense concentration and fast movements, it was still similar to someone doing a sprint. 
 The next participant from Zac's group entered, it was time for Level 4 to begin. All six compartments started moving at a faster pace than the previous Level. Not only that, but the machine also seemed to be doing more double attacks, it was attacking at two different places at once. 
 Even though the student was doing well, everyone could tell he was barely hanging in there. When the machine entered the final quarter, the first strike struck his foot, knocking him out of the game. There were now three contenders left, including Zac on the other team. 
 Just the same as before, Quinn entered the game and started off in a similar way he left things. It even seemed like he never left the game. Quinn continued blocking each strike just before it would hit him, he would lift his limbs to block and simply place them straight back down. 
 'The reading on his watch... It has to be a fake! Or maybe he's some sort of martial art expert or something... No wonder he's so confident, he's going to complete this, isn't he?' Zac's thoughts were screaming in his head. 
 The timer continued going up and entered the final quarter like before. 
 But suddenly, a strange feeling rushed through Quinn's head, and at the same time, an abrupt pain in his stomach. 
 "Not now!" He groaned out. 
 [29/95 HP] 
 It had been an hour since the last message had appeared, the shooting pains in his body could be felt. Instinctively, Quinn grabbed his head and leaned forward. This resulted in the bar striking him both on the head and stomach simultaneously, thus eliminating him from the game. 
 "Game over!" 
 Fex quickly rushed out to see if Quinn was okay, he realised what the problem might have been. 
 "Hey, why don't you just rest? It must be tough going through what you're feeling right now. Just leave it to me, I can handle these guys." 
 Upon seeing Quinn lose, it was a relief to Zac. He didn't know what just happened, but someone must have wanted him to win this game. It was clear that Quinn was going to pass it the same way he did on the previous one. 
 "I knew he would eventually lose, it was only a matter of time," the others commented. 
 They misinterpreted the situation and simply thought that the game was too much for Quinn to handle. 
 With Quinn knocked out of the game, it was time for someone from Zac's team to enter again. This time, the person managed to clear the Level 4 stage. 
 "Well, who's next?" Zac asked. 
 Fex stood up and took the mantle, this time, he felt someone tug on his sleeve. When he looked down, he noticed it was Quinn. "You're going to do it again, aren't you?" 
 "One of us can go twice, remember?" Quinn said. 
 "Fine," Fex responded as he sulked his way back to the rest of his team. 
 After feeling like he suffered an unjust loss, he wanted to finish what he started. Since Zac and his group decided to target him and had even gone as far as trying to snatch his newly bought equipment. If anyone was going to show them their place, it was going to be Quinn. 
 When they saw who was walking up to the stage, they all started to laugh. Everyone else apart from Zac, that was. 
 'I forgot about that stupid rule! Why didn't we just make it a 4 vs 4?' He quietly complained in his mind, but things were too late now. 
 This time, when the game started, Quinn chose to take on a fighting stance. It was the first time he had done so since he started playing the game. Before, he merely treated this game as a type of practice, trying to see how much he could block things before the very last second. 
 Now that he had no second chances and the will to win rose from his heart. He chose to properly block everything. Even before the machine was able to move, Quinn could already hear the sound of each section activating. With the slightest movement from the contraption, Quinn placed his hand out. To the others, it almost looked like he was attacking the machine. 
 Before the bars on each section had the chance to fully move, Quinn had already hit them. The machine would slightly nudge in certain sections, but it never had the chance to perform a full strike. If he was to hit one section of the machine before it even moved, then the game would have been declared as a loss for the player. 
 This was done like this so people would stop using this type of tactic. However, the game over sound never appeared. Instead, the beeping sound that indicated a completed stage resounded out. 
 "Who the hell is this person?" Sam muttered out. At the same time, he also wished Nate was here to witness what he had just seen. Not even Nate would have been able to display something so great. 
 'If you were here, Nate, I think you would have found a new person to be excited about.' 
 After witnessing such a display, Zac figured out something. If he wanted to win, then he needed to do something drastic... 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 299 Finishing the game 
 After what they had just witnessed the whole group was silenced. Even Fex who was the closest there in terms of skill and speed felt like he would struggle at doing what Quinn had just done. 
 'That's confirmed it, he was to be evolving to the next level, but how has he been able to grow so fast, and right in front of my eyes.' Fex thought. 
 It was strange because Fex knew that Quinn wasn't at the vampire noble class, they just had a certain feeling about them. He himself was very close to breaking through to the next stage. However, Quinn was a little strange, some of his skills, such as speed and strength were already at the vampire Noble level but he could tell he hadn't evolved yet. Just how was this possible? 
 This was all because of Quinn's unique situation, of having the system while being a vampire. Due to him being able to grow stronger by consuming different types of blood. It allowed his stats to go beyond that of a regular vampire. 
 "I'm going to go speak to the admin, the machine has to be broken." Someone from Zac's group said. 
 The others were inclined to agree, this game was meant to be about blocking attacks and it looked like Quinn was attacking the machine himself. 
 "Looks like you are not so worried about revealing yourself then?" Vorden said. 
 "It's not like I showed any of my abilities, besides I doubt anyone would believe their story and, do you think they would go around telling people a level 1 user did all this to them," Quinn replied. 
 One of the students who was already knocked out from the game on Zac's side had gone to the game admin, who worked at the front, to see if the machine was broken. Zac knew it wasn't the case but anything to stop this bet was a good thing in his eyes. 
 Another person from Zac's team had started the game anyway, if it was broken they could always just stop and move to a different booth. But as soon as the game started it became clear that the machine wasn't broken and was working just fine. 
 The students had expected the machine to be broken, the only way to complete the game like that, was to hit the target as soon as he saw it moving to count it as a block. Due to him thinking this, he was slightly unprepared and after just ten seconds the student was hit and out of the game. 
 There were now only two people left on Zac's team. 
 Quinn walked up to the game once again and started. Zac was looking at him closely and so was Sam hoping to see another amazing display of skills. This time, there was no such thing and Quinn just blocked the upcoming attacks from the machine normally. There was a little bit of disappointment from both sides as the game had ended normally. 
 Quinn was frustrated after what had occurred last time, and to calm himself down he wanted to perform at his peak, after calming down a little there was no need, so he decided to play the game like normal. 
 The others soon realized once again how impressive this was. The game was set at level five, yet when Quinn was blocking the attacks, he made them feel like they were watching the game at level one, he blocked them all so easily. 
 Now that Quinn had passed Level 5 on the machine, the two remaining students had to pass it as well, otherwise, they would lose the game. Zac's last teammate walked into the gaming area and had begun. 
 Before their team was full of confidence, always being the one in the lead, but now they had the added pressure that if they were to lose, then it meant they would lose the game. They were the current underdogs. 
 'How the hell did these crappy level ones put us in this situation!' The student thought angrily as he was whacked in both the leg and head and was out of the game. 
 The only one left now was Zac. He clenched his fist and walked up to the gaming area. This was another reason why he had chosen this game. Simply because he had played it multiple times before, and felt like he was better than the average person. When playing on level five previously, there was always a fifty-fifty chance that he would pass it on his first go. 
 The game had begun, and Zac was fully concentrating on the targets coming towards him. He blocked the attacks with commitment, meeting them before they would fully reach their destination slightly. This meant he was getting hurt by the bars slightly but he didn't care about that right now. 
 Not hesitating as he blocked every single attack, the sound of the game over was heard to him. 
 "Level 5 passed." 
 The cheering soon stopped, and the smile on Zac's face started to disappear as they saw Quinn confidently walk to the stage once again. They all no longer saw Quinn as the weak level one, but instead as a monster at the game. 
 Zac wasn't a religious man, but he started to pray to an unknown force hoping that something would happen. He knew he only had a ten percent chance of passing level six himself. If they were both to fail, then the game would be declared a draw and they could both walk out of this pretending nothing ever happened. 
 "Level 6 start." 
 Whack, whack, whack. The sound of the machine hitting against Quinn's body was constantly being heard as he continued to block each shot. While doing so, Quinn was starting to have a bit of fun, imagining multiple enemies trying to attack him. The game was good to practice one's reflexes but was useless for learning any skill. 
 There weren't many opponents whose attack patterns would be as simple as this, and it also didn't allow for one to practice attacking using their own skills. Still, Quinn was having a lot of fun and finally was starting to have a bit of sweat on him, as the timer had reached forty-five seconds the smile on his face grew bigger. 
 Seeing this, Zac already had his answer, Quinn was going to finish level six, and perhaps could even go beyond. If he wanted to do something he needed to do it now. Keeping his hand down by his side next to his waist, he opened up his palm and faced it towards the machine. 
 He started to do a type of pulling motion and suddenly the top section of the machine looked almost still. Inside the machine, the mechanism was being widened up as it was held back by a strange force. Zac had the power of magnetism and was holding back a part of the machine. 
 Then using all his strength, he released as well as pushing forward causing the top section to swing out at a great speed. What he didn't expect was the force to be too much, the added power of being held back, with a push of full force it had reached level 6 speed already, it caused the top part to fling off. 
 A loud crack was heard as the object disconnected from the machine and flew in the air. 
 "What the!" 
 Quinn managed to move out of the way, but at the same time had stepped out of the circle causing the game over screen to appear, but that wasn't a concern right now, for the flying object was heading straight for Sam. 
 Both Vorden and Fex had predicted something like this would happen after noticing something strange and had already moved out of the way, but for Sam it wasn't the same. He was too fascinated and focused on Quinn's performance. 
 From where Quinn was he wouldn't reach Sam in time so there was only one thing he could do. 
 "Flash step." 
 In an instant, Sam could see a strange style of footwork, causing Quinn to look like he almost instantly teleported from one place to another. Still, Quinn was a little far away, swinging out from his hip, he performed a roundhouse kick and knocked the flying object off to the side. It hit the wall and smashed into tiny pieces away from the others. Thankfully no one was hurt. 
 "Thank you," Sam said. 
 When saying these words, he looked at Quinn deeply, because in that brief moment he realized something. Both of those moves Quinn had displayed he felt like he had seen them before. The kick was one of the normal earth martial arts, however, it was performed so cleanly and fast. But the main thing that he was shocked about was the flash steps, he had seen only one person to ever perform it before. 
 The flash step that was performed by the player known as Bloodevolver. 
 'It couldn't be him, could it?" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 300 Stand Still! 
 Rather than being shocked about nearly being hit by a flying metal object. Sam was far more concerned about the skill he had just witnessed in front of him. The move that he and Nate referred to as the flash step. This was because whenever they saw the move being used, it really did seem like the user would suddenly flash into a different spot. 
 More importantly, it was a move that Sam had only seen one person ever perform, the person known as Bloodevolver from the game. However, just because they had only seen one person perform it., didn't mean only one person knew how to. 
 A teacher most likely needed to teach the person the move, and they most likely taught others. It was possible for one to come up with a skill themselves, but knowing the information about the Bloodevolver they did know, that seemed unlikely. 
 They knew two things about the Bloodevolver. One was that he was from a military school since they had met on the military gaming servers. The second was that the person was a first-year student. 
 Even if Nate was convinced that this, Larry Steel person was the Bloodevolver, the only evidence he was going on, was the fact that he had met these conditions as well as used gauntlets as weapons. Still, Sam didn't have much more evidence himself that the person in front of him was the real Bloodevolver, the only way to find that out was to see the person using their ability. 
 The strange red aura, a powerful unique ability that had been used to defeat many opponents in the game, including himself. That's why Sam wasn't adamant that Quinn was the Bloodevolver. On his wristwatch, it clearly displayed that he was a level 1 user. There was no way such an ability would be deemed so weak. 
 Then, another thought had come to him; the red aura ability was something that shouldn't have been in the game. It was an ability that was unable to be selected in the servers. Yet, it could still be used for some reason, and the game devs even confirmed it wasn't a hack. Although many didn't believe this, thinking the game devs were just trying to save face. 
 But what if it was true? 
 Maybe, this ability was slightly different from how people knew and measured current abilities. If that was the case, then the watches the military used wouldn't be able to register anything. 
 Sam looked at Quinn once more, he wished he could confirm it right now but he couldn't. 
 Inside the VR game, players created avatars to be used. So from looks alone, there was no way for Sam to tell that this was the same person, and the same could be said for Quinn. So the two were unable to recognize each other. 
 Sam stood there dazed, thinking about these thoughts. 
 "Hey, are you alright, man?" Fex asked. "I know that thing nearly hit you, but you didn't get hurt, right?" 
 Snapping out of his thoughts, Sam replied. 
 "Yeah I'm fine, I was just shocked as you said, that's all." 
 A little bit before the incident had occurred, one of Zac's team members had gone to the Admin room to have a look at Quinn's last match. To see if there was an error in the game. When he had arrived, he asked the Admin to check, they pulled up the previous match on video, and both the Admin and the student observed the whole one-minute video. 
 "So, the game was broken right; it didn't count any of the strikes made to the machine?" The student asked. 
 At first, the Admin just sat there and remained silent. The student thought he might have been doing some extra checks in the game, but instead, he was looking at it, amazed. In all of his years working, he had watched countless students play the game, but it was the first time he had seen someone do something like this. 
 "He's amazing." The man said. "The game wasn't broken at all; he managed to hit every section; the second they started to move." 
 The question wasn't whether this was possible or not. There were plenty of people who would be fast enough to do something like this. The real problem the man was struggling with was how? If one was to know the exact pattern of attacks and had it memorized, they could do something like this. But the game was random and didn't always perform the same set of actions. 
 Somehow, the student was able to tell what was about to move before it actually moved. The man played the video again, and while doing so, a loud crash was heard outside of the room. It was the sound of Quinn kicking the top of the compartment of the machine into the wall. The two of them left immediately to have a look at what was going on outside. 
 The game wasn't quite over yet. At least not in the mind of Quinn and his group. Because Quinn, Vorden, and Fex weren't exactly stupid, they knew something must have happened. The whole machine was acting strangely and only when it was Quinn's turn and in its final moments, something happened to the machine. 
 Using his inspect skill on Zac once again, he confirmed that he had a magnetic skill. He must have tampered with the game. 
 "Well, it looks like the machine broke, good thing no one got hurt, huh? Why don't we just call this one a draw? You keep your armour there and I'll keep my crystal. It was a fun little game wasn't it." When saying these words, Zac's heart was beating faster, and when looking at those in front of him, it started beating even more quickly. 
 Not only was Quinn giving him strange stares, but the other two boys next to him were as well. The look in thier eyes was no less frighting then Quinn's. "What's wrong with these guys?" 
 Vorden wanted to say something and prepared himself a speech while the others were playing, but when he saw Quinn stepping forward, he realised there was no need for him to say anything. 
 "First, you try to take my armour from me forcefully, let me guess it's because you saw we were low levels, right?" Quinn said, lifting and revealing the number on his wristwatch. "Then you try to pretend to make things fair by playing a game that none of us have ever played before, and when you see where about to win, you tamper and cheat at the game?" 
 "Cheat?" Zac replied nervously, taking a step back. The others with Zac knew that the person in front of them was impressive when it came to hand to hand combat, but found it strange why Zac was so scared. After all, he was only a level 1 ability user. If the two of them were to get into a fight, Zac should be able to wipe the floor with him, they thought. 
 Seeing Zac take another step back angered Quinn even more, he didn't know if it was the game or the fact that he had been starving himself for the last two days and a half, but he was getting extremely agitated by the whole thing, more so then he would have done. He was ready to snap. 
 "Stand still!" Quinn shouted in an aggressive voice. 
 For some reason, Zac's body seemed to no longer be in control. He tried his best to move the muscles in his legs, he screamed at his brain, demanding to move his leg's to get away from this person. But nothing was working, he was frozen in place. 
 Quinn didn't realize what he had just done. That he had activated the influence skill on its own without using his system, something he had never achieved before. 
 Zac could do nothing as he watched the glowing red eyes of the student in front of him. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
 

 
	 Chapter 301 Everyone should see 
 The others were a little too far to see just what was genuinely happening. They stood just outside the booth and were watching from both sides. One side, with Quinn's group on the left and the other side with Zac's group. 
 Each of their team's stood behind their teammates, which meant Quinn had his back facing against Fex, so even with his excellent eyesight, he didn't know what was going on and was unable to see that the influence skill was currently active. 
 Quinn had never even thought about using the influence skill to get rid of this whole matter. Zac Being a level 6 ability user usually meant one would have a strong mind and will power, this wasn't always the case but more so than not. In the past, something like this would have never worked. 
 However, there were two things that had changed since the last time. The first being that Quinn had increased his charm points quite a bit. The second was due to the pressure and frightening things that had happened so far, Zac's mind was very unstable. He didn't quite know what was going on, and because of this, the influence skill had a great effect. 
 "You're going to leave that crystal behind and leave this place," Quinn ordered. 
 At that moment, Zac obediently followed, pulling the intermediate crystal from his pouch and placing it on the floor. Soon after, he already left, and the others followed. 
 "Well, that went a lot smoother than I thought it would," Fex said 
 After picking up the crystal and placing it in his pocket, his mood had calmed down, and his eye colour had returned to normal. 
 "Well, that was fun, wasn't it." He said, facing the others. 
 Seeing this, Vorden felt like Quinn was acting a little bipolar. Just moments ago, his voice sounded like he would snap Zac's head apart, but now he seemed to be over the moon. However, Vorden didn't say anything as he really wasn't the one to talk about a person having mood swings. 
 Just then, the admin man had entered the room; the other student had left to join the others when he saw Zac and them going. 
 "What happened?" The man said with his hands held above his head. The top part of the machine was smashed to bits. It was beyond repair. A whole new machine would need to be ordered. 
 "We should have told those guys to stay behind." Said Fex. "Now, we're going to get the blame and have to pay for this." 
 The man was about to tear them a new one. Telling the kids how they should respect the property that wasn't owned by them, but when seeing the large number in the room, indicating which booth this was, he quickly realized it was the same one from the video. 
 "Did you do this?" The man asked, looking at Quinn. 
 The video that was shown was from the top right. In the video, one was unable to see the face but could see all the actions performed. The only thing that could be seen was the black curly hair. 
 "Yes, it was me," Quinn replied. 
 "No, you idiot. Why do you have to be so honest, just say it was the others who ran away." Fex said. 
 "They have the incident on video anyway," Sam said. "On the video, there will be no proof that the others did anything and would just show Quinn kicking the top part. So it's best not to lie." 
 The students stood there worried for Quinn, the man was quite large, and they were afraid of the consequences they might have to face. 
 "If you need to, I can pay for the machine." Vorden offered. 
 "I can chip in as well," Fex added. 
 "Me too," Sam replied, feeling a little awkward if he didn't offer as well after everyone else had done. But he wasn't rich like the others, and really didn't want them to take him up on his offer 
 The man looked at Quinn. If he was the one in the video, it was expected that something like this might have happened. 
 "You have good friends. Accidents like this can happen. Don't worry about it, and don't let it happen again." The man said. 
 They were shocked at the response but decided to try to leave as soon as possible and not argue back with the results. There was a good chance that the man might change his mind, so they quickly decided to leave the place. 
 "Make sure I don't see you here again!" the man shouted at them with a smile. 
 The four boys were back out at the platform, and the night sky was now fully out. The stairs could be seen above them, and it looked beautiful. Most of the students who were on the platform before had already headed back to their hotel to get some sleep. Although there was no curfew, students were expected to watch the matches that started early in the morning. 
 The group continued to walk in a circle on the platform and reached Sam's hotel. Before parting ways, Sam wanted to get as much information out of Quinn as possible. 
 "You were really skilful back there. I can't believe what you did. You know, I feel slightly embarrassed now that I offered to help you when you didn't really need it." Sam said, laughing. 
 "Don't worry about it," Quinn replied. "You offered to help even though you didn't know us. In this world, there aren't many who would do that." 
 "If you don't mind me asking, how did you do that with the machine earlier, how can you move so fast? is it something to do with your ability?" Sam asked. 
 Quinn thought a bit about what to say before answering, but he knew he couldn't take too long otherwise Sam would get suspicious. Still, he didn't see Sam as a bad person but still couldn't tell him the truth. 
 "I don't have an ability, that's why it shows I'm a level one. Because of this, my parents trained me on how to fight since I was young. I focused just on using martial arts. I thought if I got good enough and got some decent beast gear, then maybe I can still make it in this world." Quinn explained. 
 'He's getting better at lying. I don't know if that's really a good thing, though.' Vorden thought. 
 With that, the group continued to talk for a bit before parting ways. Sam headed back to his hotel room, while the others continued to walk to their own hotel. 
 'Saying one has no ability is a good way to hide your actual ability. It's a shame you won't be participating in this tournament, Quinn. It would have been able to see you up against Nate.' Sam thought. 
 Although he couldn't confirm Quinn was the Bloodevolver, he didn't really need to. The main thing was, Sam felt like he had got on well with Quinn. If he were actually the Bloodevolver it would only make things more interesting. There was no rush on his end. There was still a week left to try to find out the truth. 
 Back at the gaming area, the Admin who had let Quinn and his group go was ago in the camera room. He had finished cleaning up the bits and pieces and had closed off the booth to be used by the public. 
 Inside the room, he watched Quinn's video fighting against the Level four machine again. Every time he watched, he got excited. He also further watched what had happened after the events, seeing that Quinn had saved his fellow teammate and kicked the machine out of harm's way. 
 'I was right to not blame them for what happened.' He thought. 
 Still, there was another reason why the man had let them go without paying for anything. The video had been cut down, only showing Quinn's actions during the level four game. 
 Then, once the video file was downloaded, the man went onto one of the students' internal video sharing platforms and clicked upload. 
 A bar started to fill on the screen, and the number eventually reached 100 Percent. 
 "This video doesn't deserve only to be seen by me." The man said. 
 Soon, all the students in the military base would see Quinn's amazing feat. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork, follow on Instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 302 Leo Vs Silver 
 Arriving at the arena, Silver felt better than she had done in a while. It had been a long month and a bit spent at the academy military base. She wished to return home but would never do so until she had completed her task. 
 Now that it felt like she was drawing close, her mood was starting to change. As she left the hotel room to head outside she passed many of the students she had taught. 
 "I hope you have a good day miss." 
 "Stay Safe." 
 "I wish I look as pretty as her when I grow up." 
 The students couldn't help but praise Miss Silver. Although she had been strict in class her lessons were quite knowledgeable. Her lessons were also enjoyable as it seemed like when Silver taught, she had no filter. When speaking she would never sugarcoat her words like the other teachers. 
 In the middle of the class, the boys would often compliment her or ask her about certain subjects, when replying she would do so bluntly, embarrassing them and speaking what was on her mind. As days went on the students started to learn what Silver was like and realized she meant no harm from her words. 
 At first, she found the compliments annoying but over time she grew to enjoy the words. 
 'When I go back, will father praise me for doing a good job?' She thought. Everything she had done so far was for the family and she would continue to do so. Yet not even once, had her father the family leader praised her. Unlike here where she heard kind words every day. 
 Before she knew it, she had already left the arena and was just outside on the ground floor. It was a habit for her to want to be alone whenever she got upset. Usually, a few moments later and her idiot of a brother Fex would come and cheer her up. 
 After she had calmed down, her plan was to head back into the arena and search around on the top floor to see if she could find any information or maybe even spot Fex. The quicker she brought him home the less time she would have to spend here. 
 However, a strange sweet smell had reached her nose, one she was familiar with but hadn't smelt in a long time. The smell of blood. 
 Wondering why she would smell the scent of human blood outside, she quickly rushed over to the scene. Eventually, the trail of blood led her to a bald-headed man, with a sword by his side. When she saw that no one was hurt, she slowed down her stride and started to walk. 
 The smell was still coming from the direction of the man, and that's when her eyes were glued onto a particular object he held in his hand. It was a metallic flask, but not just any flask. A flask that bore the symbol of the Sanguinis family. Knowing that Fex was at one of the academies, her mind instantly thought the flask belonged to him. 
 The question was, why was this man holding onto Fex's flask that was filled with blood. From his scent alone she could tell he wasn't a vampire. 
 "Where did you get that flask?" Silver asked. 
 Leo tried to see if he could recognize the voice but it was not one he knew off. He was quite new to the military so he still hadn't memorized all of the other generals and sergeants aura or voices either. But if one was able to get into this facility, he had to assume they were a member of staff. 
 Yet, the first question she asked when meeting him was about the flask. Judging by the tone of her voice she had to be either someone of equal rank or someone above. No student would dare talk to a sergeant like this. 
 "Who are you?" Leo asked. "State your name and rank?" 
 Although Leo had spoken, the words didn't really process through Silver's mind. She was too concerned with her own question. Fex would have never let something so precious fall into the hands of another unless something serious had happened. Did the humans find out about him and kill him? 
 Regardless, the flask was an important piece of equipment that could possibly link the humans to them, she needed to get rid of it. Flicking out one of her fingers, a small piece of string shot out straight, aiming for the flask in Leo's hand, not wanting to cause a scene she would take the flask and try to find out more later. 
 The piece of string was so thin, and it was dark outside making it practically invisible, but before the string could even reach the flask, a slicing sound was heard, and then a short click followed after. 
 The piece of string then fell onto the floor. When looking at Leo, she could see the flask had now been put away into his side pouch, while his hand was on the hilt of his sword. 
 "You cut the string, but how did you see it?" She asked, shocked by what had just happened. 
 But Silver wasn't the only one shocked. He was surprised that the girl was also able to see him move his sword so fast. 
 "I didn't," Leo replied as he pointed to his eyes with his other hand. "Can't you tell? I'm blind." 
 Leo expected at least a chuckle from Silver, usually, these types of words would at least give him a response. Instead, Silver stood there still like a statue, not even her expression had changed. 
 When checking out her aura, there wasn't even a little flicker, and still, her aura seemed to be masked. 
 "If you're blind, then I don't have to worry about you seeing my face." She said as she dashed forward. 
 Withdrawing his sword from his sheath, a large pressurized air slice game out from the sword. Sensing the strong power that was just unleashed, Silver knew she needed to do something about it. One moment she was directly in front of Leo, the next she was behind him. 
 Silver struck towards his chest, thinking the whole thing would be over, but as if Leo had eyes on the back of his head, he was able to dodge by ducking down. He then pivoted his foot spinning his body around while throwing out his blade towards the middle of her body. 
 This time, the attack was too fast for her to move, instead, at just the right time, she opened up her palms and slapped at the sword from the bottom and the top. Using all her strength she was able to stop the sword just in time. 
 The sword was held in her hands, just a few inches away from her body. From the outside it looked like neither one of them was moving an inch. But the truth was, they were both using their full strength but their power was equal not allowing the other one to budge. 
 'Is this her natural strength?' Leo thought. 'I've even activated the beast armour underneath my clothing and still, I can't overpower her.' From Leo's ability, he was able to tell if his opponent had high-level beast gear that was currently activated to enhance the user's strength. 
 There was a possibility that the opponent he was fighting against was able to mask their equipment as well but it was unlikely. The stalemate continued for a while but both knew this was useless. 
 "Your voice sounds pretty, if it sounded as good as you looked, I might let you win this one," Leo said, hoping to break her concentration for just a second. 
 However, it didn't seem to work. Instead, her eyebrows and face started to scrunch up. She started to concentrate even more and the top of her forehead started to sweat a little. 
 Silver hadn't run out of options, she still had her many Vampire abilities, the problem was quite a few of them required her to look into her opponent's eyes and that didn't quite work well against Leo. 
 Other than that, the blood abilities would be a dead give away and would leave behind a trace. 
 Instead, she chose to push her body even further, ever so slightly. With one of her hands, she carefully positioned her fingers so now it was held both on top and under the blade. Then slowly with her other, she let go. 
 Now, Silver was holding back Leo with a single hand, but she knew she couldn't do this for long. With her other hand free, quickly she started to twirl her fingers, and multiple strings started to shout out, the target wasn't Leo himself, but instead, they were heading for his pouch. The first set of strings lifted it open, while the next grabbed on to the flask. After slightly moving her finger, like a web she was able to draw it into her hand. 
 "Don't make me come back to kill you." She said, as she quickly fled the scene at an amazing speed. 
 Leo prepared himself to perform another quick set of slashes. If he threw out multiple strikes now there was a chance one of them could hit her and slow her down. Midway through his attack though he stopped himself. 
 'She couldn't have come all this way just for that. It seems whoever owned that item is quite important.' 
 From the location of where the flask was found and the story of the other students, he could tell that the flask most likely belonged to one of them. He had planned to return it at one point, but not until he fully found out the Flasks use. 
 He never did in the end. But now he felt like he had a more interesting tale to follow. 
 While running back to her room, Silver looked at her hand and could see a cut. 
 "That human hurt me..." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on 
 Instagram: jksmanga 
 Or Facebook page: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 303 Secret mission 
 The first day had passed, which meant it was finally time. It was time for the first day of events. The schedule was like so, each day, the first round for every category of events would happen. Several smaller events would take place at the same time. In comparison, the three main events would be shown one by one. 
 On the top platform where all the students were, there were several screens spread throughout the arena with a number on its side. 
 Each student was handed over a pamphlet at their hotel, which indicated the schedule of events which would be showing on which screens. The top platforms would also be available for the public during this time. This meant that those that had arrived from other planets and factions were also able to watch closely at the events taking place. 
 When the main events were to be shown in the afternoon, all the screens would change to focus on them, and the public would have to watch the events directly in the arena. 
 Underneath the arena, most of the participants had woken up early. The first events didn't start until closer to midday, but still, the nerves and excitement got the better of them, and nearly everyone had woken up early. The sleeping quarters for the events were just as nice as the hotel but were set out differently. 
 There was only one floor, and each of the rooms was next to each other, but they had the basics for everyone: a computer, a bed, toilet and shower. The computer was there so the students could still enjoy their free time and research on whatever doubts they had while also updating themselves about the ongoing news. It would also allow them to communicate with other students. 
 The separation was to allow them to focus and to sort out the formalities with all the students taking part in the events. There was a large number of people, and with several military bases taking part, it was easier to communicate and organise things this way. 
 When the event was over or when a student was knocked out, they would be free to head to the hotel where their military base had its accommodation. 
 Peter, of course, had restricted access compared to the others. There was no computer in his room, and a guard was stationed outside his door during the whole night. 
 When Layla had left her room in the morning, she went out and started to head to the target practice area. While walking, her legs were a little wobbly, and she had quite the bags under her eyes. Her body felt weak, and the energy was drained from her. One wouldn't expect this type of reaction from some of the participants, as they really cared for an event like this. 
 But for Layla, this was not the case. She had no reason to care for the tournament, win or lose it didn't matter. Her life was already predetermined. She wasn't going to get good grades and join the military or a faction after this. She couldn't even become a solo traveller if she wanted to. 
 This became more apparent to her last night, and this was the real reason why she felt like this. Last night she had hardly gotten any sleep. When entering her room, she had prepared to have a nice rest. 
 She had made a warm bath and placed the right amount of bath salts and solutions into the tub. She had never experienced pampering like this and just wanted to enjoy it for once. 
 However, fate was quite cruel to her. The sound of a message being received was heard on her computer. 
 'That's strange. I didn't sign into anything right. I don't think I even touched the computer. Maybe the person before forgot to log out?' She said as she started to walk over. However, even the thought of someone forgetting to log out was strange. 
 Technology had come quite a way, and the computer was able to tell who was actually at the computer at the time through the camera. If it wasn't the correct person or the user wasn't seen, it would generally disconnect from whatever it was connected to. 
 Still, this just made Layla even more curious. 
 When she looked at the screen, her heart felt like it skipped a beat. The towel she had covering herself had fallen out of her hands, and she didn't even bother to cover up her bare naked body. 
 On the computer screen was an envelope with a crest attached in red. It imitated the letters from the old times when wax used to be used to seal essential letters. In this case, the seal being used was an angel with its wings having been removed falling to the side. It was a letter from Pure. 
 They had their ways of getting information to their members, Pure, in reality, was a much bigger and more influential group than the government would have liked the public to know. 
 Layla's hand was shaking as she went to select the Letter. 
 'What could they want now, do they want me to do something, maybe even attempt to assassinate someone?' Thoughts were running through her head. There were many different tasks an agent needed to do, and she felt quite lucky when they told her to just gather information about the academy as she saw fit. 
 The Letter could very well be her first real mission. Eventually, she plucked up the courage and clicked on the Letter, the digital screen imitated the seal being open and the contents of the Letter were shown. 
 "Agent 100, you have been ordered to lose and drop out of the tournament as soon as possible." 
 The contents of the Letter were short, and it didn't expand on instructions or even explained why, it was merely telling her to purposely lose her next match. 
 Her bath time was ruined, and her whole night for that matter. The task was an easy one, and she was thankful for that. She wasn't really going to try in the event anyway. Still, she couldn't help but wonder why it was so important for her to drop out of the event. 
 The only thing it would allow her to do was a return to the others side. 
 'Are they planning an attack?' This dreaded thought had now chilled her mind. 
 If they weren't planning an attack, they were planning something big. Every year this event took place and so far they had never targeted it. It was expected at some point they would, and this might very well be the year. 
 Having arrived at the target practice area, Layla started to notice something strange. The other students seemed to be hurdled up in groups and were talking about something. She was able to catch a few words here or there, and she had also expected them to be talking about their upcoming events. 
 "Hey did you see that video?" 
 "Yeah, it went viral pretty quickly." 
 "Do you think you could do that?" 
 "Are you crazy, it must be fake right?" 
 "But it happened here. It was one of the students from the bases. Look at the date and time stamp, and even in the description they mentioned what had happened." 
 "That's what I don't understand, though. Clearly, this person was a skilled fighter. But if this happened yesterday at the arcades up top, then that means he isn't a participant in any of the events. Even if he had a weak ability, there is even a martial arts event. Heck, there's an event based on this very game. So why didn't he join." 
 Without any context to what the students were talking about, Layla was perplexed and was quite curious as well. That's when she heard her name being called out from behind. 
 "Hey, Layla!." Logan shouted. "Do you have a second?" 
 As soon as Logan had left his room, he had been looking around to try to find Layla, trying to see if she had heard or seen the video herself. 
 Standing upright, trying to make herself look energised, Layla turned around. 
 "What's up." 
 "Judging by you not saying anything I guess you haven't seen." Logan then placed out his hand, and the little spiders from his suit started to detach themselves until eventually, they formed a small screen and tablet. 
 The video was a recording of one of the gaming booths from the top left corner. The student was angled, and the camera was positioned slightly behind so one could see the machine as well as the student's fast hand movements. What was shown was a student being able to clear a level four game, while the machine itself looked like it hadn't moved an inch. 
 Layla had tried one of these machines before and could see how impressive it was. In the video, the figurehead had been altered and blurred thanks to the uploader wanting to keep the person's identity a secret. 
 "It's cool and all, no wonder everyone is talking about it, but why did you want to show it to me so badly?" Layla asked. 
 Logan then gave a command to his little spiders, to alter the video. The blur from the person's head was removed, and now curly hair with a pale skin could be seen. It was still hard to see the student, but for those who were around him a lot, she could tell who it was. 
 It was Quinn. "What the hell is he doing?" She asked. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and information, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 304 Prove them wrong 
 The video had already spread around, and it looked like many in the room were already talking about it. The feat itself wasn't so impressive but the fact that a student of their age was able to do such a thing was. In the game, no abilities could be used, and some were even beginning to think the person in the video must have had some type of speed ability. 
 However, gaming systems usually had some countermeasure against abilities being used in this type of place and this was no exception. Due to the event not allowing the use of abilities, trackers and such were invented to see when MC cells were activated in a specific area. It was the same type of technology that was used in the watches. 
 Although the game couldn't stop the use of abilities, it could detect if someone was using it or not. The video had clearly come from someone who had full control of the video system that day. It would be silly for them to upload a fake video but not impossible. 
 Right now, Layla wanted to confront Quinn and have a go at him, trying to think about just what was going through his head at the time, but it was impossible. 
 "Don't worry about it so much," Logan said. "I just wanted to make you aware. I plan to lose my matches as soon as possible and try to help out Quinn when I am above. The video blurs out his face, but anyone interested enough would be able to do what I did. Not that I think they could tell it was him, but I think we should be prepared just in case." 
 Layla nodded in response and the two of them parted ways as Logan went off to the training area in his section. What Logan had said had reminded Layla of her own task that had been given. She too, was meant to lose the match as quickly as possible. 
 With a lot on her mind, she took out her beast bow and placed an arrow in from her quiver that was attached down the side of her leg. There were multiple targets all different distances away. They would continually pop up and pop down at random intervals. Making it hard for one to get the pattern. 
 Letting go of the arrow, it flew out quite fast, just as the arrow was about to hit one of the targets, she held it in place with her ability. When the target popped back up again, she allowed it to go forward and hit. 
 The event Layla was in allowed her to use her abilities; she didn't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing considering how weak her abilities were. If it were an event like this one where the goal was just to hit the targets, then she would do pretty well. Or at least not horribly. 
 The students were told what they needed and what they were allowed to bring, but the finer details would only be revealed once the event started. This way, none of the students were able to prepare an unfair advantage beforehand. 
 Layla continued to hit targets in this fashion. She didn't do anything fancy and just hit them slowly one by one. She just wanted to do a repetitive task to focus and clear her mind right now. 
 One of the arrows had left and was floating about, she held the arrow still in place once again, waiting for the target to pop up and hit it. But when the target popped up again, another object went flying past her arrow, hitting the target before she could even do anything. 
 "Sorry, I didn't realise you were after that one." a girl said. 
 As she turned her head, she saw a long-legged straight blonde haired girl standing by her side. She too had a bow in her hand, although it looked a lot more impressive than hers. Perhaps at the advanced tier. 
 Next to her were two more students. A boy and a girl who looked like a pair of brother and sister. They both had the same short hair parted off to the side. If it weren't for the fact that one of them had big melons in a particular area, she would have found it impossible to tell apart. 
 The girl had what looked like a giant version of a slingshot on her back. In contrast, the boy had several small tomahawks. 
 Layla decided to ignore what had just happened and continued doing what she was doing. Once again she fired her arrow hitting some targets, then when she needed to hold the arrow in place to wait for the target again. The same thing had happened. Another object pierced the target she was about to hit. 
 This time, laughter from her side could be heard, and it was from the same group of people again. 
 This annoyed Layla, but she knew it was best to be the bigger person and moved over a little to a different part of the targeting section. 
 When she fired her arrow again, before it could even reach the target, something came out from the side knocking her arrow and snapping it in half. 
 Still, she knew she was the bigger… 
 "What the hell are you guys doing!" She snapped at them. 
 "I'm sorry." The girl at front said. "It's just your arrows were moving so slowly we thought they were targets to hit as well." 
 Annoyed by her words, Layla readied her bow and this time placed three arrows inside, shooting them at three different targets at the same time. The female quickly followed with the same and shot three arrows after Layla's. The speed of the arrows was far greater than hers and knew they would soon catch up. 
 She was expecting this after seeing the weapon being used was better than hers. She decided to use her ability to throw the arrows off course. 
 "Serve's you right cocky bi.." But just as she was about to finish her thought. 
 The arrows from behind also moved direction, changing the path, and had hit them, causing them to fall to the ground. 
 The women started to walk over to Layla. 
 "It makes me sick to think someone has the same ability as me, yet is at such a low level and has come to participate in the same event as me." The girl said. "If people were to see your poor skills with the bow, they'll start to think my ability is useless, making it harder for me in the future. Let me give you a piece of advice. Just drop out of the event, don't fire a single arrow and give up. even if you tried you would come in last place anyway." 
 Layla wanted to say something back, but the girl had already started walking away, and for some reason, the sick feeling in Layla's stomach was felt once again. It felt like recently everyone was telling her to give up on the event. 
 'Is it because everyone thinks I'll lose even before trying?' She thought. 
 Layla wasn't as weak as she thought. Although her ability was level two, her fighting sense was at a high level. In some cases, she would fare well facing against level 3 or 4 students as long as they didn't have high-level beast gear on. But as she started hanging around with the others, she began to feel useless. 
 And even now, others who had never met her before assumed her as useless baggage, and even the organisation she was in. Instead of informing her of the plan they had, or giving her a critical mission, they were literally telling her to hide and run away. 
 "Prove them wrong." A deep voice said from behind. 
 When she turned around, she could see a reasonably bulky square-headed man. It was someone she had never met before and wasn't in her event, so she was wondering just what he was doing here. 
 "The best way to shove it in peoples faces like them is to prove them wrong. And when you see their faces after, treasure that moment because that's the best feeling." The student said with a sadistic smile on his face. It looked like he had the experience of doing this himself at some point. 
 The important thing was though that Laya thought what this student was saying was right. 
 'Screw them all.' she thought. So what if everyone thought she was going to fail in the tournament. The only thing she could do now was to prove them wrong. All she wanted to do now was at least pass the first round of events. She would show them and everyone watching from wherever they were hiding. 
 "Thanks for cheering me up err..." She said, trying to guess the student's name. She had the urge to call the boy 'blocky' based on his appearance but felt it was a bit rude after he had been so nice to her. 
 "The name's Nate." He said helping her before she crushed his feelings. "Actually, I was wondering if you could help me, you don't know a student by the name of Larry Steel, do you?" he asked. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates you can follow on Instagram or Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 305 The wrong person 
 "It looks like she had no clue who Larry Steel was after all," Nate said as he continued to look around the room. 
 Nate was hoping that perhaps someone as skilled as the Blood evolver would be well known. To the point where if he went around asking others from the same military school, they would have instantly recognized the name. This was why he continued to go about asking students from other military factions if they knew of the person named "Larry." 
 So far there was no success. Out of all the students who were preparing for their events, the students taking part in the fighting tournament were the most cautious. Everyone there was trying their best to hide their abilities and instead was doing some other form of training. 
 This was because, if one knew the other person's ability before fighting them, it would be a big advantage. With nothing else to do, all Nate could do was wait for the first round of the tournament. There no one would be able to hide their abilities anymore. 
 "Hey, Larry, how are you doing bro?" A student's voice from behind was heard. 
 Instantly, Nate turned around hearing the name Larry. A medium-sized male student stood behind him, and looking at his uniform he could tell he was a first-year student. 
 'This has to be him.' Nate thought. 
 Inching his way closer, Nate started to perform some lunges near the area. He did this so he wouldn't look so suspicious when coming towards the group of people and it also made sense since he was in the fighting tournament. 
 The two students, Larry and his friend were busy talking away when from the corner of their eyes, they could see what looked like to them, an idiot performing lunges. It was clear that for whatever reason, the person was trying to get closer to them. 
 "Can I help you?" Larry asked, not being able to take the awkwardness anymore. He felt embarrassed for the student. 
 "Oh don't mind me, I'm just warming up for the fighting tournament," Nate replied, after switching Legs and lunging his way closer to them again. 
 Ignoring the strange man, the group started to move away. 
 It looked like his plan had failed. 
 Seeing that his brilliant idea didn't work, he decided to just continue practising while looking at the two students. The two of them started to practice together, sparing, performing kicks and punches. It didn't look bad but it didn't look impressive either. 
 "So you're hiding your skills huh?" said Nate. "Don't worry, when you go up against me, you can use your full strength. No, I'll make you use your full strength. 
 Nate then started laughing to himself loudly as he thought of the upcoming fight. A rematch between him and the blood evolver. 
 **** 
 It was morning and Quinn had trouble sleeping through the night. Every hour or so he would be woken up by the dreaded pain as his health continued to go down. 
 [21/95 HP] 
 It was important to keep this going for now as he needed to curb the addiction away. Sooner was better than later and then he would be able to get stronger once again using the different types of blood. The event was the perfect time to do this, as there were far too many people all over the place for him to do anything in secret anyway. 
 Before leaving the room, Quinn had placed his newly obtained armour into his dimensional space. After he decided to test out everything was working as it should have done and used his skill Shadow equip. 
 The boots, the chest piece and his gauntlets all appeared at once. 
 [Status] 
 [Level 18] 
 [10,750/25,600 exp] 
 [21/ 95 HP] 
 [Strength 23 (+7)] 
 [Agility 26 (+5)] 
 [Stamina 19 \'7b+1)] 
 [Charm 24 (+1)] 
 [defence 27] 
 As the item description said, the chest piece added a stat point to each one of his different stats and also increased his defence. It was a shame that none of the equipment he had, also came with an active skill like the boots. However, he knew this was rare and hard to come by. 
 There was still a lot of exp to be obtained before reaching level twenty, the next step for Quinn in his vampire evolution. It would be difficult now since there were no more planned expeditions for the year to other portal planets. This was the easy way for Quinn to gain experience by defeating beasts for the first time. 
 If he was to fight some strong opponents in the tournament though, perhaps it would have helped him. But he knew that was near impossible. Quinn was still registered as the substitute, but it felt like something in name only. It was unlikely Peter would be able to escape from whatever they had planned. 
 He also looked at his inventory where the intermediate crystal could be seen. It was just the item he needed to create a short sword from the shop. When he got back, he planned to craft the gear and hand it over to Vorden. It was a good weapon but wasn't quite compatible with him using his blood skills, such as hammer strike or Blood spray. 
 He also thought it would be good for Vorden to have a weapon for himself, just in case he didn't have a good ability on hand to use. 
 To the left of his bed on top of the drawer was a little pamphlet. It continued the schedule of events for the day and what was being shown where. There was around an hour left before the first set of events had started and Quinn was wondering which one he should go to. 
 After looking at the long list, apart from the three main events none of them seemed too interesting for him. While scrolling through the list he managed to spot one called "Block, Block.". He seemed to remember that the game he had participated in yesterday was called the same thing. 
 'Is it an event to do with the game yesterday?' He recalled playing and seemed to have quite some fun with the machine. Perhaps it was something he could enjoy watching before the main events. 
 *knock *Knock 
 "Hey Quinn, move your arse let's go!" Fex shouted through the door. 
 Putting his equipment back into the dimensional space, he took the pamphlet with him and answered the door. 
 "Hey, where's Vorden?" Quinn asked. 
 "I don't know I came to get you first," Fex replied. 
 When looking down the hallway they spotted Vorden coming towards them. 
 "Sorry about that, I had some things to deal with." He said smiling. 
 "Any ideas on what you want to go see?" Fex asked. 
 "I was thinking about this." Quinn pointed to the block, block event and the others were fine with it. Just like him, they were not really interested in anything apart from the main events anyway. 
 When the three boys left the hotel, the outside area was vastly different from before. It was a nice sunny day and the sky was blue with hardly any colours inside. It was the perfect day to have an event like this on. 
 Seeing the Sun though gave Quinn the chills. The ring protected him now from the sunlight's effects, but it was as if his mind naturally started to react to the fact the sun was so bright. Maybe a placebo effect that the sun still affected him in some way. 
 On the top platform, it was filled with both students and members of the public, unlike yesterday. Nearly all the stalls were busy and people looked to be having a good time playing games and eating food and such. 
 "I almost forgot that it wasn't just the military watching this event." When Fex said these words he realized something. This might also be the perfect time for them to send someone after him. 
 He knew how good their information gathering was and they should have known where he was by now. In a way, being at the military base where no one knew where they were was a good hideout for Fex. But a place like this where it was open to the public, it was only a matter of time before he would be taken back. 
 He looked at Quinn and Vorden walked off into the crowd of people, heading towards the events. 
 "I might have to say goodbye to you soon..." He mumbled as he quickly followed after the two. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: Jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 306 The big screen 
 Walking around on top of the arena was a bit harder compared to the other day. It was now fully filled and bustling like a city centre with a sale on the weekend. 
 "A big event that attracts people from all over," Vorden said. 
 Luckily the platform was quite large and wide, allowing plenty of space for the vast amounts of people to move around. At the moment, most of the people were gathered around the screens that were stationed ever so often along the circular path. They were now turned on and were displaying the starter events for the day. 
 The "block, block" event that the group wanted to go to was stationed on screen seven. While walking by, they managed to catch a few events on the other screens. On one of the screens, there was a soccer match going on that allowed the use of specific abilities. There were complicated rules for which abilities were allowed and not allowed for this event. 
 It seemed quite hectic and was hard to follow along, but after the introduction of ability soccer, normal soccer just seemed boring to watch. 
 The next screen they passed there were giant pillars as tall as a house. The students were told to use their abilities and craft the most beautiful object they knew of, and there were even more going on. 
 It was such a joyous day, and the atmosphere around them was great. Usually, on a day-to-day basis, Quinn would have someone throw an insult or a slur towards him, but everyone was far too focused even to notice him or the others there. 
 He felt guilty that he wouldn't be able to enjoy the events that were going on, for he had Peter on the back of his mind. Even if he knew why they decided to do this to Peter, he still didn't know what they would do after, nor could he do anything. He wasn't able to get strong enough in time and hoped that after using Peter as bait like Logan thought they would allow Peter to live at school a bit longer before moving him on to trial. 
 In that time frame, Quinn would try to get as strong as possible and save him. 
 Eventually, they had finally reached screen seven, and there was already a large crowd in this section. In fact, it was the largest crowd compared to all the other screens. At first, it was mostly filled with just students, but later on, adults and others from different factions came to take a look since they too were wondering why the event was so popular. 
 "I didn't know Block was such a popular game?" Quinn said. 
 "It isn't," Vorden replied. "I never expected there to be this many people." 
 The group walked through some of the people who were at the back, not paying attention until they eventually found some seats around the middle area. There were seats for those who wanted to stay and watch the event permanently in front of every screen. There were then standing areas towards the back and sides, for those who might want to continue to walk around and see the other events. 
 Most people preferred to stand. That way, they could go to the stands or watch the other events and come back to the ones they enjoyed first, But because Quinn and the others didn't want to watch anything else, they were happy just to sit down. 
 "Sorry," Quinn said as they passed a man that they didn't have any military uniform on and sat in the three seats next to him. The man was sitting at the very end of the row. 
 After sitting down and watching the event for a while, they realized how boring a game it was to watch rather than play. The game was currently at level three, and they needed to witness multiple students to do the same thing again and again, clearing the same level. 
 It wasn't an exciting atmosphere like last night, and there were even a few in the crowd starting to yawn. 
 "I think we might have made the wrong decision to trust you to pick the event," Fex said, yawning himself and stretching his arms. 
 "I'll go get us some drinks and snacks. You guys can wait here." Vorden said as he left his seat. 
 "Don't worry," The man sitting next to them said as he brushed his long hair that went down to his collar bone away and placed them behind his ears. "Although the beginning is a bore, this type of game gets better in the later rounds." He said with a smile. When looking at the man, he had beautiful clear skin and didn't look a lot older than twenty. 
 Both Fex and Quinn didn't know what to say, so they just smiled back at the man and carried on watching the event. 
 What he said was true, Quinn thought. The later rounds would be far more exciting, and he would love to see others' perform at a level beyond five. 
 As the levels went up, more students started to get knocked out. It didn't seem like it was because they couldn't do it, but instead was due to the event's nerves and pressure. They had made silly mistakes at crucial times. 
 The atmosphere was still tame. However, that all seemed to change when they had announced they would start to move onto level four. 
 The audience members seemed to perk up and started chatting heavily among themselves. 
 "Is there something big that happens when it reaches level four?" Fex asked. 
 "Not that I can remember when we played yesterday. It was the same right, even up till level five. It just got faster, and the attack patterns changed slightly." Quinn replied. 
 The man sitting next to them had overheard their conversation. 
 "Oh, so you managed to bet the game at level five. I might say that's quite impressive, what's your top level?" The man asked. 
 "I don't know," Quinn replied. "We stopped playing after Level five. We were only playing because of a bet anyway. 
 Vorden soon returned with the drinks and snacks, and by now, a few students had already passed and were knocked out by the level four machine. Then when the next participant started, he did something that seemed odd. Instead of blocking the attacks, it looked like he was trying to hit the machine as soon as it moved. 
 The students had gone wild after seeing this. 
 "Is it him? So he was at the event after all!" A Student shouted. 
 But soon after, he had made a mistake and had hit the machine before it even moved. 
 "Fake!" Another shouted. 
 "I guess he couldn't be in the tournament, especially if he were in the video. It happened here on the top floor, remember?" Another said. 
 Quinn and Fex, with their hearing, were able to overhear the students talking. When hearing what they were saying, they looked at each other. Unsure about what was happening. 
 They didn't say a word but had a dreadful feeling in the back of their minds. 
 The game continued with several other students attempting to do the same thing. They were hitting the machine as soon as it moved to make it look as if it was standing still. In the end, not a single student was able to achieve it, and even the favorite to win the competition was knocked out. 
 The man who was sitting by their side was finding the whole thing strange. He had watched the event multiple times in the past years but had never seen anything like this happen. Nor the level of excitement coming from the other students nor the strategy the participants were using. 
 "Can I ask?" The man said to the student sitting in front of him. "Why are they all attempting to attack the machine like that? Why not just play the game like normal." 
 "You mean you haven't seen the video?" The student replied back. "My guess is the contestants saw the same thing we all did. There's a video of someone playing the game at level four, who was able to attack the machine before it even moved. He managed to clear the level perfectly, not making a single mistake while doing this." 
 The sound of something hitting the floor and then ice spilling all over the place was heard. When the man turned around, he noticed that the student sitting by his side had dropped his drink. 
 'What the hell? How do they know about the video?' Quinn thought. 
 The level four event had ended, and since there were now very few participants, the events team needed to do something to fill the time. They decided that they would interview the favorites to win the event. It was quite a shock since most of the participants had been knocked out earlier than planned. 
 On-screen, one of the students was being interviewed who went by the name of Kyle. He was the favorite to win the event but had attempted to do the strange actions and was knocked out in the process. 
 "Kyle, we just wanted to ask, what made you change tactics like that? We saw many here today attempt the same thing you did today, but it seemed like a risky move that didn't pay off." The female interview asked. 
 "This game has become too easy in the past. I knew that if I played usually, I would have had a high chance of winning, but what's the point when most likely the best person in this game isn't even participating. After seeing someone do what seemed like an impossible task, I decided I would try to challenge him in my own way. The plan was to emulate what this person had done in a video I saw today. If I achieved that at level four, I would try to do the same at level five and send out a challenge to him. 
 It turns out after attempting and failing at a level four. I respect this student even more." 
 The screen then went back to the interview, who had a few more words to say. 
 "For those of you unaware, the video Kyle was talking about was uploaded last night. It had become an overnight sensation due to the timing of things and how it was filmed and done only a day before this very event and at this exact place. The video will be played on the screen now for you all to see." 
 The screen changed once again, and now full on the big screen in front of everyone, the video of Quinn in the gaming booth was then shown. His face was blurred out, but the others, even though it was their first time seeing it, they could clearly tell it was Quinn. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 307 This easy 
 The three boys continued to watch the video, which was being played on the huge screen in disbelief. For some reason, that one minute video felt like a three hour long movie. All Quinn wanted to do now was run up there and shut it off and erase everyone's memory. 
 "Hey, Quinn, isn't that…" Fex immediately had his hand grabbed over by Vorden and Quinn, who were standing by his side. The two boys then quickly dragged Fex out of the seats as they disappeared out of the crowd. 
 "Fex, are you crazy?" Vorden shouted in a soft but angry voice. Knowing that there could still be others around. 
 The video had now finally stopped playing, and the interviews carried on with other participants who had attempted the same method. 
 "No one knows it's Quinn, and you were just about to reveal to everyone it was him." 
 The video blurred out Quinn's head, making him unrecognizable. The only thing that could be seen was a blurred person wearing the school uniform. However, Vorden was concerned about whether someone could deblur the video, would they be able to see the face or not? Unfortunately, Vorden wasn't the right person for things like this, and he wished he could speak to Logan right now and dim his curiosity. 
 Annoyed that he was suddenly dragged away, Fex stepped back a bit and brushed away some of the crumbs of food that had fallen all over him in a rush. 
 "What did you say, no one knows it was him, right? Well, I wouldn't be so sure about that one. Because there were five other people with us at the time, who do know it was him." Fex said. 
 "I don't think that's a problem," Quinn replied. "This video seemed to have already spread, right? If they wanted to, they could have already told everyone. In a normal case, someone would be happy for this to happen. Perhaps there are already people coming forward, even claiming that they were the ones in the video. Zac probably thinks I will do the same and when I do try to discredit it and ruin my big moment." 
 "Still, just to be safe, I think we should go looking for them and try to clear their memories a bit." Fex suggested. "Let's split and search for them. We should have done this yesterday, but I didn't think such a small thing like this would become a big deal. Damn it! all we did was play a freaking game." 
 The boys agreed it was always better to be safe than sorry, and even if Quinn was right about his thoughts, there was a chance one could change their mind later on and this small mistake may bring up huge trouble for them. 
 "It's best if we split up, we can cover more ground then and find them faster. Use the watch to send a message as soon as you see them." Vorden said. 
 The three boys quickly split and headed off into different sections as they searched for Zac and the others. 
 While this was all happening, the strange man that was seated next to them couldn't help but find all of their actions odd. Everything changed as soon as the video started to play he noticed. 
 'Was one of them in the video?' The man thought. Otherwise, it didn't make sense based on the actions and what they were currently doing now. 
 'What an interesting bunch of kids.' He thought as he chuckled to himself. 
 Just then, another older looking man approached him from the side. He wore regular plain clothing that didn't make him stand out much. When gaining access to the area, the public, including the students who weren't participating in any events, were told to hand over all of their beast equipment or leave them behind. 
 "Sir, the main events will start soon. They instructed me to bring you and the others to an appropriate place as soon as possible." The old man said, bowing down. 
 "Just when I thought I found something more fun to do." The man said as the two of them walked off. 
 Vorden was running about pretty recklessly; unlike yesterday, there were far too many people to check to see if they could find them. Other than Zac, many of them had pretty unmemorable faces as well. The first area Vorden decided to check where each of the screens nearby. At least then, he would be able to get someplace high and see from the top if he could spot anyone. 
 Looking around, Vorden was trying to see if there was anywhere high he could get a clear view from. 
 "Need any help?" A voice called over. 
 "Sam?" Vorden replied as he turned around. 
 The two boys quickly started exchanging information, and Vorden explained what was going on and the reason for the worried look on his face. 
 "Actually, I already saw the video as well." Sam replied, "And you're in luck, you don't have to worry about those guys, let me explain…" 
 Early in the day, Sam had decided to pay a visit to the gaming centre and wanted to talk to the admin man who had uploaded the video. There was no one else who had access to that footage, or at least not that part on that particular day. 
 When he had arrived, Zac and his group were already there trying to get the original video file from the man. After listening in for a while, it turned out after the video was a big hit, the group tried to get video proof of what the person looked like or their name. 
 It turns out they had already attempted to reveal to the people who the blurred figure was, but with no name and only the description of curly hair, it was hard for them to believe. In the video, one couldn't even see if the person had curly hair. 
 It went a step further when they mentioned the student had a level 1 ability level on his wrist watch; they thought this would have been a stand out feature, instead to others, it just became a big lie that was unbelievable. In the end, people completely ignored them. 
 After that incident, they were embarrassed to tell others who they thought it was, so instead, they wanted to get the original video file. However, the man-in-charge was determined not to give access to the video to anyone and even claimed the file had already been deleted and rewritten over. Now it was impossible to recover. 
 The man only wanted to share the incredible feat, but didn't want the pressure to be put on the student. If Quinn himself were to come here and ask for the original video, he would have given it to him on the spot. 
 With nothing else to do, the group eventually left the place in disappointment. That's when Sam noticed the main culprit from yesterday wasn't there, Zac. 
 The students were coming towards Sam, so he decided to hide himself and pretend he was doing something else and tried to listen to their conversation. 
 "I can't believe Zac wouldn't come with us, that Wimp. I thought he was better than that." 
 "I'm telling you man, after yesterday, he just said he doesn't want any business with that fellow. It's like he was traumatized or something." The students said as they walked past him. 
 After learning about this incident, Vorden's heart started to calm down a little. It was too much sometimes to keep this many secrets in this small group. His own was enough. 
 Knowing that everything was okay, Vorden decided to send a message to both Quinn and Fex to explain the situation. 
 At the same time, Quinn had received the ping he had just found Zac. Using his hearing and a keen sense of smell, he was eventually able to locate him from yesterday. When there were large crowds of people, all he needed to do was repeatedly use his inspect skill until he found the right person. 
 As soon as Zac's eyes met up with Quinn's, he gulped. Remembering that strange feeling when he couldn't control his body. He didn't move or run away and just followed Quinn off to the side. When the two of them reached the edge of the arena, Zac constantly looked over at the railing. 
 Thoughts ran through his head of the possibilities this crazy person might have done. He even assumed that his ability might have been mind control. If he could control his body and tell him to stand still, maybe he could also make his death look like a suicide. 
 "I promise I haven't told anyone, and I won't. I don't even know your name or what military school you're from. From others, I heard no one believed them either, and even they know nothing about you." Zac said quickly. 
 Quinn hadn't even asked anything or used his influence skill and had already gotten all the information he needed. 
 'Why couldn't everything be this easy.' He thought. 
 Standing in the middle of the pathway was Fex. He was unmoving, and his watch was continually blinking, informing he had a message that Vorden had just sent. Multiple people walked past and around him, but his eyes were staring dead ahead, and he didn't even blink for a second. 
 A few meters away, another figure stood there still… 
 "I finally found you, brother." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and information, you can follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 Bored? Check out my other series: Reincarnated into a human? 

 
	 Chapter 308 Supreme Commander 
 Out on the busy platform, things were starting to settle down a bit. The public who had been invited to watch the starter events were being moved out to their seats in the arena. This was because the first main event for the day was about to start soon. With fewer people on the top platform, it was now easier to move and find people. 
 Quinn had quickly met up with Vorden and was surprised to see Sam there with him. They both started to explain the details of what had happened over at the VR gaming centre in the morning. After hearing everything was okay, he felt like he could finally relax. 
 "Hey, where's Fex? Did you send out a message to him too?" Quinn asked. 
 "I did," Vorden replied. "I sent one out the same time as I sent one to you, telling him our location and everything. I wonder why he isn't here yet." 
 "The first main event will start in around fifteen minutes." A speaker sounded informing all of the students as well as the public to get ready for the first main event. 
 "We'll head back to the screen near our hotel, just send him another message to meet us there," Quinn said. 
 "Wait, aren't you worried about him?" Sam asked. "What if another group like yesterday approaches him." Sam was a little concerned after what had happened yesterday. He wasn't ignorant of the behaviour and actions treated towards low levels. He seemed to remember yesterday that not only Quinn but Fex was a level one user as well. 
 If another group of people were to approach him, it could be bad news again without his friends around. 
 "Don't worry about him, I can't imagine anyone scaring away that guy," Quinn replied. 
 The group, including Sam, had decided to watch the main event together. Although Sam's Hotel was quite far away from theirs, he didn't mind the walk back in the evening. If he were to go back and watch it near his hotel screen, he wouldn't have anyone to watch it with anyway. At least not until Nate was knocked out of the competition and he couldn't imagine that happening on the first day. 
 When arriving at the screen things looked a little different to when the events were played earlier on in the day. The screen had moved outward and looked like they were all hovering in the air above the arena. It allowed students to look over the edge and either watch the event from up high in the actual area or see sufficient detail on the screen. 
 Several drones were flying about in the arena, each with a camera attached. It would be used to record as much detail of the events as possible. Most students would decide to watch it via the screen, but it was still nice to see what the real thing looked like from above. 
 The boys decided that they would peek over to see what the first stage of the main event was like. Everything that was out before had been cleared and right now there were a total of one hundred and forty small little raised platforms out. On the platform was a workbench of some sort with several other items and even a hot furnace behind them. 
 While the others had their eyes glued on the stage, Quinn and both Vorden noticed something else. Inside the arena, there was one section of seats that had been cleared out, and in its place was a very large luxurious booth. There was see-through glass allowing all the others to see what was inside. 
 Inside the booth were five relatively large grand chairs inside. There were also already several soldiers standing at each side of the room, still like a statue. All of them wore the same beast gear that looked to be of very high quality. It was a standout because not many people in the arena had such beast gear on as they weren't allowed due to safety precautions. 
 It was natural for not only Quinn, but for those around to pay attention to the booth, and he had a pretty good feeling he knew who those seats were reserved for. 
 Then it looked like the first person had arrived in the special booth. The soldiers in the room didn't bow down like they usually would when greeting a guest of high honour. Instead, they immediately went down on one knee and placed their fist on the ground. As soon as Quinn saw the person, there was no need for an introduction. 
 There probably wasn't a single person who didn't know of this man. He continued to walk past the others, his heavy boots hitting the ground. He looked through the clear glass and adjusted his red-tinted sunglasses. Finally, as he sat down in the middle seat of the five, his whole face could be seen. On his chin was a little patch of facial hair, and on the top of his head was a full mop of hair that had streaks of grey going through. It was hard to tell if it was dyed due to the pattern or whether it was just their old age. 
 Once the man was comfortably sat in his seat, the other soldiers stood up in the room and saluted. "We welcome the supreme commander." 
 The man sitting in the seat was the supreme commander Oscar White one of the men hailed as a hero during the time of the great war. 
 When the war had started against the Dalki race, the enemy had done something unexpected. When the Dalki first arrived, it was clear they were under attack by a form of higher intelligence. They had better equipment and technology than humans. However, when the humans first saw the appearance of the Dalki, they looked strange and more like that of a wild animal mixed with a human. 
 This caused the leaders at the time to be hesitant, thinking about whether or not these were the real enemy or not. In their naivety, they never expected the Dalki to pull off what they had done. While the main forces were in battle, at the start of the war the Dalki had chosen to assassinate each of the top countries leaders around the world. 
 This was to cause chaos and confusion amongst the humans, and for a short time, their plan had really worked. That was until the head of the allied Earth forces at the time had decided to take charge. The person's name was Oscar White. 
 Later on, after the war, he had given himself the title of supreme commander and then appointed the seven head generals of the other basis. Of course, not everyone agreed to this, and there was the disturbance of ability users running wild. It was later on that the big three families would be established and further along the line Truedream would be added to make it the big four. 
 In the rose-like building that was seen whilst on the train, there was something called the leader's table inside. Whenever a big decision was to be made, the supreme commander, the seven head generals and the big four would be called together. 
 Seeing the first person to enter was the supreme commander, it looked like Quinn's guess of who the other four seats were for was spot on. 
 "Will the others be arriving?" Oscar asked his personal aide on his right that stood by his side. It was a female who wore a fairly short skirt and round glasses with a ponytail. Rather than looking like she worked for the army, she looked like a security for a big tech company instead. 
 "They should be here any second sir." 
 As she said that, the doors from behind opened wide and the four others entered after. 
 The first person to enter was a large man who looked to be in his fifties, with a huge apple-like belly. His hair was a scruffy mess that went up into a triangle shape, and his nose was large and round as well. He went on to sit in one of the empty seats, and as he sat down, he gave a loud belching burp. As the air left his mouth, a stream of fire came out with it before quickly disappearing into the air. 
 "Burnie Sunshield, leader of one of the big four families, with the ability of fire," Sam said. 
 The next to follow after him was a female, who seemed to be mostly dressed in black head to toe, and on the top of her head was a pointy hat. The hat was covering most of her facial features as there was also a veil attached. The only thing that could be seen through was her large smile and her purple dark hair. 
 Not a word was spoken as she sat down in her seat as well. 
 "Mona Bree, the only female to be part of the big four and head of the Bree family, their ability, beast tamers," Sam explained once again. 
 Just behind her was someone who didn't need any introduction at all. Vorden and Quinn both saw the man's face. The blood around their body started to pump harder. 
 "Jack Truedream," Quinn said before Sam could introduce this man. "The ability to steal other's abilities." 
 The last person in the room surprised all three of them. 
 "Huh? Wait, this isn't the leader of the Greylash family," Sam said confused as he saw the last person enter. 
 Although Sam seemed to not recognise the man, Vorden and Quinn did, for it was the same person who sat by the side of them, while watching the Block event. If he wasn't one of the big four, then why was he there? 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 309 The new head 
 All five of the seats were currently filled, but Sam was deeply confused, and it seemed like he wasn't the only one, as the others in the remaining seats also looked over at the remaining person sitting down. Whoever it was, it was not one they were expecting. 
 "What's wrong?" Quinn asked, still a little amazed that there was a good chance an important figure was sitting next to them for a while without them realizing it. 
 "Well, as you can see, the five seats are for the big four family members as well as the supreme commander. However, the leader that should be sitting in the last seat is from the Greylash family. The current leader is an older patient, respected man. This person looks like he just graduated from the military academy." 
 It was true, even before when Quinn had seen him he felt the man was in his early twenties, that's why the idea that he held a high position never crossed his mind. 
 "Your information is a little outdated," Vorden said. "I heard that the old man was sick for a long amount of time, there were even rumours that he had already passed away, but for fear of not having a new master, they decided to hide this information from the outside. If my guess is right, they can no longer hide it. The person you're looking at is the new master." 
 What Vorden had said was very plausible in Sam's mind. The question was, Sam, who prided himself in being exceptionally knowledgeable in current world politics, had heard the same rumours. But it seemed Vorden was equally familiar, if not a little more. This strange group of people started to interest him more, and perhaps Quinn wasn't the only person to look out for. 
 Inside the special booth, the room was quiet, and the others continued to look in the direction of the young man. They were waiting for him to say something, but he continued to play with his long hair twirling it around his finger with his right hand. 
 The others remained patient hoping he would say something, but one person's head was furiously starting to shake, as he hated to be ignored and it looked like hot steam was blowing out from his large nostrils. 
 "Rude, are you not going to say something!" Burnie shouted. "You can tell we are all waiting for you, unless no one told you how to show respect." 
 Oscar stood up in an attempt to try to defuse the situation. In a way, the military was the bridge between the four big families. It was hard because each power was considered an equal, and the same could even be said for them. 
 "I'm assuming the elder passed away then, and you are here as a step in?" Oscar asked. 
 The young man finally turned his head, acknowledging the others in the room. He looked at each one carefully with his narrow piercing eyes. It wasn't an everyday look one would give when looking at someone and the others felt this as well. It was as if he was analyzing every one of them there. 
 The others sensing this felt a little threatened as if they were about to be attacked at any moment. 
 "And why would you assume I was only a step in and not the actual new head?" He asked. 
 The large man started to chuckle. 
 "Huh, if the Graylashes were stupid enough to appoint such an arrogant young fool like you, then they must have really fallen. In a few years, the Graylashes might no longer be a part of the leaders' table." 
 The calm look on the man changed ever so slightly after hearing those words. He was no longer playing with his hair and instead pulled his fingers apart between his thumb and index finger. In between these two fingers, a faint blue light could be seen, and if one was to look even closer, little sparks were starting to go off. 
 "Those are fighting words, if you really want to test my abilities as the new head, we can put on a special exhibition show for everyone to see right here right now." The young man said. 
 Burnie, in response, stomped his foot in anger. As it hit the ground floor, flames shot up from his feat. It looked like small wings had appeared before quickly vanishing away into clouds of smoke. "I'll burn you to a crisp right at this instant!" 
 The soldiers standing by watching were all frightened of what was to happen. Right now, it looked as if two of the strongest people on earth were about to do battle. If they were to try to stop them, they couldn't do a thing. It was also a big reminder to everyone; these people in the room were not friends. 
 If it wasn't for the fact that each of these people had a common enemy, the Dalki. There would still be a civil war between all five of them. 
 "Please," Oscar said. "Today is an event for the future generation, for the kids to display their skills, not you two. If you wish to fight, then do it after we get rid of the Dalki." 
 Oscar then walked over to the young man; in all honesty, he too didn't like how the young man was acting. Usually, he had a good read of people's strength, but it was nearly impossible to tell, which truly frightened him. 
 "I'm sorry for assuming you were only a stand-in. It was my mistake to say so. I will be the first to welcome the new leader of the Graylash family. Please name." Oscar asked. 
 "Owen Graylash, the new head of the family, the youngest and most powerful head to ever serve." When saying the last line, he looked past Oscar and directly at Burnie. 
 "Well, he's a confident leader. I'll give him that." Mona said. 
 "It's a good trait to have." Jack agreed. 
 With everything having calmed down a little, they each sat adequately in their seats, and it was time for them to enjoy the event now. 
 The speakers were turned on, and now all of the screens displayed what was happening in the centre of the arena. 
 "Ladies and gentlemen, we hope you had a wonderful day so far. There were many spectacular events, but as usual, we have saved the best till last. The first round of the three main events will now begin, and to start it all off, we have the wonderful crafting event." 
 The camera then went on to show the materials of what was on each separate section. 
 "As you can see, each participant has been given the same materials. The only thing that is missing is the beast crystal. Once all participants are ready, they must try to figure out with their eyes alone what the best use for the beast crystal would be. Then our wonderful judges will decide which equipment is best." 
 Each of the participants started to appear from underneath the arena and were now entering the ground floor. The participants had a number displayed on their watches, indicating which platform they needed to head off to. 
 "Hey, there's Logan," Quinn said, still looking over the edge. "Number 33." 
 "Oh, you have a friend in this event then, I guess I'll keep an eye on him." Just then, Sam tried to squint over the edge where Quinn was looking, but they were too far up to be able to see anything. It just looked like a bunch of ants were down below. Without looking at the screen, there was no way he would be able to see what number any of the participants were wearing. 
 "You have some good eyesight," Sam said. 
 "Oh...Thanks." Quinn replied nervously, to which Vorden gently stepped on his foot. It was a reminder to be careful since they were no longer alone. That's when he realized Fex still hadn't arrived and decided to send another message just in case. 
 "Now, let the tournament begin!" The announcer said. 
 Immediately, the student started to work away; the first step was to inspect the crystal. Crystals were quite versatile and could create several different weapons and armour, but certain patterns and shapes seen within the crystal could help decide what one would be best to be turned into. 
 An example, a crystal from a turtle-like beast would usually best be used to make defensive equipment, perhaps even a shield. It could be turned into a weapon but wouldn't be very useful. If one didn't know what beast it had come from, they would only be able to tell by inspecting the crystal. 
 Once this step was complete, the crystal would need to be melted down to the appropriate temperature, depending on what was to be made. The next step after was deciding the mould and finally mixing the melted beast core with the required metals. Cheap or expensive metals could be used but would affect the quality of the end result. 
 The rest was down to the forger. Depending on the forger's level, the quality and strength of the weapon or armour would be decided. 
 Most of the students had already finished inspecting the crystal and had moved on to the melting process. 
 The camera continued to pan around to the many students working away hard; however, the camera eventually reached one student. A short little one who seemed to be just standing there with his eyes closed. It looked as if he was sleeping in the middle of the tournament. 
 "What is Logan doing?" Quinn thought. 
 "Looks like he's asleep if you ask me?" A voice said from behind. As the boys turned their heads, they could see Fex standing there. 
 "What took you so long?" Quinn replied back. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 310 The results of the Crafting even 
 Quite some time had passed since Vorden had sent out his first message. No matter where Fex was, it shouldn't have taken him as long as it did for him to arrive. It wasn't as if the boys were joined by the hip, and they couldn't do anything themselves. But it was more like there was nothing else to do. The event was the only thing happening right now. 
 Other than Quinn and them, Fex didn't get along with anyone else being a level one. So he had no one else to watch the show with either. 
 "Hey come on, did you miss me that much?" Fex said, looking at Vorden who had a strange look on his face. He was still wondering about what could have taken him so long. "Look, don't worry I just had something that really upset my stomach yesterday and was in the toilet, trust me you don't want to go into the boy's toilet by screen four, I think you can still smell it." 
 Vorden looked at him even stranger now, and even Quinn was starting to feel slightly awkward, and it wasn't the bad jokes. 
 'Did vampires even get stomach aches?' Vorden thought. 'By bad meal is he talking about blood.' 
 "So I heard that you guys dealt with the Zac problem all okay huh, why don't you tell me about that. What happened with that." Fex words when spoken were quick and to the point. he wasn't even giving enough time for the others to reply to what he had already said. 
 Fex was acting really strange. He usually joked about a lot and often, but it felt as if he was trying to force himself this time. 
 Quinn noticed this and a few other strange things straight away. As soon as Fex arrived, he was sweating; Vampires often didn't even sweat from strenuous activity as they had high amounts of stamina. This was different; this type of sweat was from something else, as if he was scared. 
 The other thing that made Quinn think this was his heartbeat. The stronger a vampire was usually, the less their bodily organs needed to be used. Their heartbeats were able to be slowed, and the amount of blood and oxygen that needed to be carried around their body was lessened. 
 So the fact that Quinn could hear that Fex had a fast heartbeat he knew something was up. He wasn't in control of his emotions right now. 
 'Damn it they know, calm down will you.' Fex said to himself in anger. Seeing that the others weren't buying his act. 
 "Hey, you said you're friends number 33, right?" Sam called over, "Well, it looks like he isn't doing too well." 
 Their attention was focused on Fex this whole time that they had forgotten about the competition. When looking at the screen, the camera was once again focused on Logan, and still, he hadn't touched anything. 
 "Well, it looks like he doesn't care about the event then," Said Vorden. 
 "You're probably right," Quinn replied. 
 Hearing this, Sam was quite shocked. How could someone waste an opportunity like this on such a grand stage? Not only were the big four watching, but so were many factions from all over. A forger was highly sorted after so even if the one displayed a little bit of skill, they could quickly join a faction and live the rest of their lives peacefully. 
 The two decided to question Fex later; acting strange wasn't a call of emergency, it couldn't have been something urgent. Otherwise, Fex would have informed them immediately. They both trusted him now after the many times he had helped them out before. 
 The timer continued to go down for the event until, eventually, the buzzer had sounded singling the end of the competition. 
 Using his advanced eyesight, Quinn quickly looked down at all the items that had been made and used his inspect skill. 
 It allowed him to see each item's stats clearly displayed out, as a screen hovered above each one, at first Quinn was doing this individually looking at an item but then suddenly, a familiar sound was heard. 
 [Inspect skill has risen to Level 3] 
 The number of times he had used the skill while looking for Zac and now during the contest had helped greatly and finally, it had risen to level three. 
 Know when looking at the items, all of them immediately had a screen displaying their stats. There was no longer any need to use the inspect skill on each item individually. 
 Seeing this, he could see the level of equipment made significantly varied. It seemed like they were only given a basic crystal to make an item. 
 Some had chosen to make ranged weapons out of the crystal, some chose regular melee weapons, and a few decided on armour. It just went on to prove how difficult a forgers job was. The fact that not everyone had made the same item meant it wasn't; easy to decide what the crystal would be best used for. 
 However, when Quinn looked using his inspect skill, he could quite clearly see. The ranged weapons and armour had an extra description, saying whatever stat the current weapon was at would be halved. Some of the poorer made equipment only allowed an increase of one strength. With the 50 per cent stat decrease, it practically meant the weapon was only a little better than using one's own fist. 
 The melee weapon was the right choice giving the user an extra two strength when being used. The perfect melee weapon that could be made from the item was a long sword. Whoever had made a long sword out of the items, it would give an additional three strength. There were very few longswords that had been made with the crystal. 
 Then finally, there was a difference in the quality and skill of the forger. The ones that had made a longsword, each one of them looked quite different from another. Some just had a basic plus-three in strength, and there was one with a plus-four. 
 But in Quinn's eyes, there was a clear winner out of them all. For one of the students managed to make a sword with a plus-three to the strength stat, but also it had an added weapon skill. 
 "The judges have made their decisions. First of all, students who made armour or ranged weapons. You have been knocked out of the competition." 
 After this was said, about half of the contestants had left the stage, while the rest had passed. The weapons were then further inspected by the judges, but nothing was said as they had all passed anyway. Before the next event was to start, organizers interviewed two students. 
 The first student was the one that had created the long sword with the added weapon skill. The audience members were a little confused about why he was chosen to be interviewed as they weren't informed about who had made the best weapon, but Quinn knew why. 
 'Maybe if I don't become a traveller in the future, my skill could be used to become an inspector of beast weapons.' Quinn thought. With just a single glance, he was able to tell a lot of information about a weapon. 
 The next student who was to be interviewed was Logan, which came as a surprise to many. 
 "Logan, we just wanted to ask you a question. You were the only student to not make anything out of the materials presented today is there any reason for that?" The female asked as she shoved a microphone directly to his face. 
 "I am not a forger but an inventor. I find making weapons quite tedious and boring, to be honest with you. I felt because I don't respect the art of forging like others this was not my stage." Logan replied. 
 From the side, a few of the forgers started to chuckle. "Yeah right, what a good excuse, more like he doesn't know how to forge a weapon. He would just have been embarrassed with whatever he had made." The student had said this quite loudly on purpose trying to embarrass Logan. 
 Logan then grabbed the mike closer to himself and faced the student. "I assure you, creating something that would best that would best the weapon in your hand would only take a few minutes." 
 The interview had a huge smile on her face. She loved drama and entertainment, and it was moments like this the crowd loved as well. "Very well, would you like to redeem yourself, Logan, why don't we allow you to create a weapon now and a judge can come over and decide?" 
 Usually, Logan wouldn't have done something that placed him in the limelight so much. However, he hated it when others said that he couldn't do something when he could. It was as if they were calling him a liar. 
 "Very well." 
 Logan walked back up to his section in the arena; all of the equipment was still untouched from before. The event organizers allowed this as usually there was quite a bit of set up time before events and they would delay it with useless speeches or question and answer segments. This was far better than any of those. 
 They had planned to give Logan the same amount of time as the other contestants thirty minutes; however, Logan didn't need it. 
 The forgers were allowed to use their abilities, many of them had abilities that would help in the forging process, and Logan was no exception. The little spiders that covered his costume in a small suit started to break down and reform. They gathered on his back and then started to sprout out three individual arms on each side. When they finally finished forming, it looked like Logan himself was a giant spider. 
 "That's kind of cool, I'm not going to lie." Vorden said. 
 The arms went to work, and now with eight of them, he was able to do multiple things at once. After five minutes had passed, he had finished creating a longsword. 
 The crafting speed alone was enough to have the other impressed. They didn't even really care about the quality of the weapon. Still, the judges standing by the side could already tell while watching Logan make the weapon that it was one of decent quality. It wasn't the best weapon to be made today, but for the amount of time it had taken it was better then they had expected. 
 The interview grabbed the long sword created by Logan, and the one made by the heckler forger from the crowd. She lifted both in the air, and then struck them both against each other as hard as she could. 
 "We have a clear winner." She said. 
 As she lifted the sword made by the heckler, the camera zoomed closely on the sword. and there was a reasonably large chip that went in around halfway into the side of the sword. When they turned to look at the one Logan had made, there was but only a small scratch. 
 The crowd cheered in excitement, as they saw this. They loved someone who could back up his word. They were far too used to braggers who could never achieve what they said, and it seems like Logan was not one of them. 
 "Your friend is a strange one." Sam said, "If he could do that all along, then why didn't he?" 
 Quinn started to laugh, as he looked around at the other two, and then Logan down below. 
 "We're all a little strange." He replied with a smile. 
 As the crafting event had ended and the judges were discussing what to do with Logan. They had wished for him to continue in the contest, hoping to see his skills once more. However, rules were rules, and they were not able to make an exception. Logan was disqualified and could now return to the others above. 
 Deep underground, it was time for the next set of contestants to prepare themselves. Layla took in a deep breath, for now, it was time for the Ranged event. Shortly after her's, it was then Peter's turn as well. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 311 A time limi 
 "Fex…Fex...Fex! Can you hear me... Hello?" Quinn said, waving his hand in front of Fex's eyes. 
 Snapping out of his daze, Fex soon realised where he was. 
 "Oh, sorry, I was just thinking about how amazing Logan was." He replied. 
 Quinn had called out Fex's several times, and the others had even left the area where they were watching the main event from. They soon realized that Fex's eyes were still glued to the arena floor. They were about to grab some snacks, yet for some reason, he hadn't followed. 
 "Hey, seriously, if something's on your mind, you can tell us. You know that right?" Quinn said. "I still remember what you said when we were underground on that planet. We're now blood brothers, right?" 
 Hearing this from Quinn was meant to cheer him up, but instead, it seemed like it had only made him sadder. 
 Before Fex had arrived and joined the others, he had a very uncomfortable confrontation with the last person he wanted to see. It was his sister, Silver. He knew that his family would send someone after him. Perhaps even multiple people, but he had never expected them to send over Silver. 
 His sister was known for upholding the vampire laws no matter what. She was strict and always completed the tasks given to her. The complete opposite of Fex. If it was anyone else, Fex felt like he could have probably convinced them to let him stay. Or even run away, but not from Silver. She was far too powerful and would have never let him stay. 
 On the platform where the two had seen each other, she slowly walked towards him, and he was frozen in place. Suddenly, thoughts of the others he had met during his time came into his mind, especially Quinn. If he was going to leave, he wanted the chance to at least say goodbye. 
 When she finally reached where Fex was, she handed him the small silver flask. "This is yours, right?" Silver said. "I found it with a bald-headed teacher. The person seemed quite strong. I thought you might have been dead." 
 Fex looked at the flask, and knowing that the other one he had was still with Quinn, he knew this had to be his. 
 "Oh, it is mine, I thought I had lost it." 
 "You fool!" Silver snapped. "You know how important items like this are. If the family were to find out, then who knows what they would do to you. You've already broken so many rules, don't go around breaking more making your punishment worse." 
 Fex didn't know what to say. It was hard to argue back, and he just stood there looking defeated. 
 When Silver saw the sad look in his eyes, a slight pain was felt in her chest. It was true, Silver did care for the vampire rules above everything else. She always completed her mission and was strict on everyone around her. However, Fex didn't realize that she had a soft spot for one person in particular, and that was her little brother. 
 "I'm here to take you back." She said. 
 He looked up at her, now with even more sadness in his eyes. He had spent only a couple of months on earth. His dream place and had only spent it at a school. The event was the first time he felt like he was actually doing something different. Playing games and joking around with the others. 
 "I know, let's just go." He said. 
 Plodding his feat along as if they weighed a hundred kilos, he walked slowly towards her. 
 "I still have some unfinished business here, and I can't just take you or leave in the middle of my duty as a teacher. If I was to leave now without telling them I was resigning, they would find it suspicious. I shall inform them after the event is over. You may stay until then. Also during that time, you must clear the memory of those you have gotten close to. We shall alter your files and deal with your disappearance on our end." She explained. 
 The expression started to change on Fex's face once again. He still had a few more days with the others, and now he at least had the chance to say goodbye. 
 "However, we shall meet daily. You will update me on what you are doing and where you are. I can't have you going off and disappearing again." She said. 
 With everything said that she needed to, she started to walk off. 
 "Thank you, Big Sis," Fex shouted. "You're the best." 
 Although many couldn't see it, it would have been a rare sight for many. A slight smile appeared on her face. 
 Still, even though Fex could stay for a few days, he now had a lot on his mind. When he thought about it, maybe he was selfish, wanting to say goodbye. The quicker he had left with his sister, the less chance she had of finding out about Quinn. 
 This was now a big worry on his mind. No matter what, he didn't want his sister to find out about him. Fex still didn't know the truth behind Quinn but decided to leave it for now. If she were to find out, she would quite possibly insist that Quinn head back with the two of them. Then if they were to find out he had made Peter an illegal, unregistered vampire, it would be hard to stop any punishment he might receive. 
 When Fex had returned to his friends, all these thoughts were filled in his mind. There was also a good chance that now Silver knew about him, that she would be closely watching him, so he didn't run away. 
 'Should I warn Quinn about my sister? Or will it only make matters worse?' As long as his sister didn't find out about Quinn, there was no need to worry about them. However, there was one thing he couldn't stop, and that was Peter taking part in the tournament. 
 The second he started to fight, or she got close to him, she would be able to smell him. No matter what, she would find out about him, and Fex needed a plan. 
 There was one chance he had, and that was when he would meet up with his sister every day. 
 The four boys had finished getting their snacks and drinks and were just waiting for the next main event to start. This time rather than watching the match from over the edge, they had decided to find some seats near the big screen. When looking around, they managed to spot someone who had a small crowd around them. 
 "Look, please, I just want to enjoy watching the next events. If you have anything else to ask, please just send me a message later." As soon as Logan spoke these words, he quickly handed over a contact card that contained his email and contact details. He was never really good at interacting with people, and the attention he was getting wasn't enjoyable at all. 
 After a few adverse reactions, people started to understand and break away from him. 
 "You can finally join us then?" Vorden said. 
 The boys introduced Logan to Sam before deciding to have a sit down together. They quickly discussed the video, and Logan confirmed to Vorden that even if they unblurred the video, it was hard to tell the one in the video was Quinn. With this whole matter settled it felt like a weight was lifted from their shoulders. All apart from Fex of course. 
 "So, how do you think Layla will do? Did she look okay?" Quinn asked, concerned for his teammate. 
 "She seemed to be distracted with something else," Logan replied. "When I informed her about your video, her mind was… let's say busy. To be honest, I'm pretty sure she doesn't care for this tournament like us." 
 Logan didn't need to explain why and couldn't due to Sam being there with them, but the boys knew what he meant. Due to her already being a member of Pure, there was no need for her to try hard. 
 The event was about to start, and the screen displayed the field where it would take part. Compared to before, it looked like the arena was completely transformed. On the screen now, there was what looked like a little makeshift town. The town looked to be partly destroyed and looked more like ruins. But there were several areas that would allow students to use them as vantage points. 
 Vorden was the first one to release the place had been built in a particular way made for ranged weapons users to take advantage of. 
 "I wonder how they managed to make something so fast?" Quinn asked. 
 "Oh, that's simple," Logan replied. "They just had a few earth users come on stage and make it real quick. I saw them getting ready as I was heading out." 
 The participants of the event entered the stage once more. All the ranged users entered with their beast weapons by their side, while also wearing a strange red colored chest piece that seemed to cover their entire upper body. 
 When looking at all the participants closely, not a single one of them wore any beast armour or boots. The only different thing was the weapons themselves. It seemed like each participant was also given different types of material to be used. For bow users, they were given all the same arrows, and the same for the other weapons as well. 
 The ranged ammunition given to participants was designed to explode on impact and produce a paint-like splatter. 
 "Ladies and gentlemen, all the participants are now ready for the ranged event, so I will quickly explain the rules. Each person has been given a set amount of ammunition to be used for their ranged weapons. There is a safety period of one minute where participants will not be allowed to attack each other and must enter the small makeshift town. 
 "If a participant does not follow this rule and chooses to attack they will be disqualified. 
 "The aim is to hit others while not being hit yourselves. If any bit of paint touches the red marking on the participants' chest a sound will indicate, showing they have been eliminated from the round. Students must quickly exit the field and the red coloured chest piece will turn black showing they are no longer active. 
 "After the first 40 students have been eliminated, the round will end. Scattered around and inside the building are several ammunition spots where the players may refill. 
 "Now that the rules have been fully explained, let's get this show on the road!" 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 312 The firs 
 The students were randomly split into four groups for this event. Each of them was to enter the small makeshift town from the north, south, east, and west entrances. The layout of the town was like a plus sign. There were several buildings and small alleyways, but larger pathways crossed each other in the centre. 
 Layla was at the north entrance, and by luck, it seemed like there were a few others that she recognized with her as well. The annoying blonde hair girl along with the brother and sister pair. 
 "Just my luck to be put in the same group with them." 
 She took in several deep breaths, for some reason, the nerves were getting the better of her. Usually, she was quite good at calming herself down in these types of situations. Her mother would always tell her that one would only get nervous if they actually cared about what they were about to do. 
 "Does that mean I actually care about then this lame event?" In truth, she already knew the answer. 
 'I just have to get through the first round. If I can do that, it will prove I could actually do something on my own and I'm not just some burden on everyone." Layla said to herself, 'Just don't get eliminated, just don't get eliminated, you can do it, Layla.' She carried on repeating these words to herself as if it was some chant. The more she said, the less likely it seemed to become a reality. 
 Although she was going against Pure's wishes, they hadn't even bothered to explain to her what they had planned to do, which had irritated Layla quite a bit. Going against their orders, she would at least have liked to pass the first round to prove to herself she could do it and then she would immediately eliminate herself from the second round with no problem. 
 One more day inn the event couldn't hamper there plans too much, and wasn't even like they cared if she didn't. 
 "Alright, and let the event begin!" 
 The buzzer had sounded signalling the start of the event, and students from all four entrances had entered the small town. Above the arena, a holographic display of the countdown had begun. Some students had split off immediately from the group and went on to look for their hiding spots, while others already had a few targets in their minds. 
 And Layla had a sneaking suspicion she had become one of those targets. Right on her back, out of the corner of her eye, She could see the blonde girl and brother and sister pair. Although this was a singles' tournament, it looked like they knew each other beforehand and had decided to team up. While looking around, Layla noticed that this was a tactic that had already been implemented by many. 
 A lot of people were running together in groups rather than singles. 
 'Did they decide this beforehand or just now?' 
 It was too risky for Layla, and she knew no one else in the competition; all her friends were on the outside and if she teamed up with people now how would she know if she could trust them. 
 Hoping her suspicions were not right. Layla decided to stop going along the straight path and bolted in between two buildings down an alleyway. However, just like she had expected, the other three had followed her. 
 "Why, why did you have to target me? What did I do? Is it cause I look weak?" She said in anger as she gripped her bow. There were now only fifteen seconds left on the timer before participants were allowed to hit each other and eliminate them. 
 "That's not fair!" Quinn shouted at the screen. Seeing that Layla had three people on her tail. "Why are they grouping up on her?" 
 "Quinn, you should know better than anyone that this world isn't fair, not the way it is right now anyway. It's not against the rules, so let's hope she doesn't take this loss hard." Vorden replied. 
 "Loss, you can't count her out just yet," Fex said positively. "She can still turn this around." 
 Still, both Quinn and Vorden knew the reality, it was three against one, and they were all also higher ability users. The only chance she had was to try to run into another group of people and hope the two of them fought it out. Allowing one group to eliminate the other. 
 But Layla wasn't even thinking about this tactic. She never thought of trying to use another group to get rid of the one on her trail. She was too focused on trying to figure out how to get rid of them all by herself. If she didn't, she would have felt even more useless. 
 She finally decided to enter a small building and headed straight for the stairs. At least this way, she could face them down the stairway one by one as it was quite narrow. When she reached the top, she turned around the corner and waited. 
 *Beep* 
 The sound of the buzzer had gone off, indicating once again that the students were now allowed to attack. 
 "Come on, I need to survive the first round, at least, and even if I don't, I'm taking one of you with me." She gently peeked around the corner, but there was no sound, not even footsteps could be heard or shuffling of any kind. 
 "Have they given up?" She thought. 
 Just to make sure, she fired an arrow and twisted it around the corner with her ability, hoping to hit anyone on the other end of the staircase. 
 *Ding* 
 A little bell sound was heard, indicating that a player had been hit. A broad smile appeared on her face. When attempting to move she looked down at herself and noticed that her red chest piece had turned black. She was the one who had been hit. 
 "Hello?" A high pitched voice from the right side said, sounding a little distant. 
 When she looked outside, it seemed like the voice was coming from a glassless window on the other side of the room. She was on the second floor, and if one were to climb up from the side, they would have either made plenty of noise or exposed themselves to the many other students. Yet she had heard nothing. 
 Popping her head outside of the window, she could see the blonde-haired girl being lifted by her other to colleagues with wings on their back. They were flapping backwards and forth, allowing them to pick up the girl to reach the window. 
 As much as she wanted to shout out in anger at the girl, she couldn't. Layla had lost fair, and she hadn't even put up much of a fight. 
 "I'm sorry," Sam said, seeing that one of their friends had been eliminated. Not only that, but she was the very first student to be eliminated as well. 
 "Come on," Quinn said. "There's no need to watch this anymore, let's head back to the hotel, and we can try to cheer her up." 
 He had hoped that Layla truly didn't care about the event; however, he felt like even if one didn't care, it would be pretty embarrassing to be the first one to be eliminated. In the past, she had helped him many times before, and without her, Quinn didn't know what his current situation would have been like. He wanted to be there for her right now. 
 Being eliminated from the event, Layla left the field and was allowed to head back to her hotel rather than the underground slot. She had made sure to sign out and return the equipment given to her and proceeded to write her name down on a digital tablet. 
 When she grabbed the pen, she was able to see that she was the first one to have written down her name, confirming she had returned the equipment. 
 Quickly, a digital signature was placed and she walked off heavy footed. 
 She took the elevator that went directly to the top of the arena, it was a little walk from where she was, since the underground facilty looped around and had sevearal placed along the way. 
 The elevator from the arena floor allowed one to go straight into the hotel lobby as they expected some students to want to rest straight away or cool down before doing anything else. 
 The ride up the elevator felt like it was taking forever to reach the top. When she had lost, she didn't know what emotion to feel. She had tried so hard, and the only thing she wanted to do was get past the first round; when finding out she was the first participant to be eliminated, it hit her even harder. 
 "I am useless." She said as tears started to roll down her cheeks. "Everyone was right, Vorden, Pure, my mother, That girl. They all told me several times that there was no reason for me to be here… Erin, where are you." She cried. 
 As the elevator made a ding, indicating it had reached the top floor. She made sure to quickly wipe her tears away with her sleeve for fear that there might be someone in the hotel lobby that would have spotted her. 
 When the elevator doors opened, Layla took a step forward and was surprised to see a single student standing in the hotel lobby, not too far away from the elevator entrance. The purple hair covering her single eye and her face could be seen when she turned around. 
 "Cia?" Layla called out. 
 "I've been waiting for you, Agent 100," Cia replied. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 313 Very well... 
 When her eyes met with Cia's for a brief second, Layla was quite pleased to see someone was waiting for her. When Erin had disappeared and left them. It felt like she had no one to lean on, no one to confide in. Erin had been the strong figure that Layla wished she could be, and yet it was something she would never be able to achieve. 
 However, when she disappeared Layla was a little lost, she had Quinn, but after finding out she was with Pure there bond was a little broken. There was also the fact that Vorden would constantly get in between the two and kept trying to fraction that relationship. 
 In the middle of all these events that surrounded her, there was a little ray of hope and that was Cia. After the last portal expedition, she had seen a scared little side to Cia during that time. She seemed afraid of Quinn and the others and was confiding in her due to that. Layla, when seeing this, was seeing a version of herself when she looked at Erin. In a way, it made her believe she needed to become a stronger figure to know that someone was relying on her instead of the other way round. 
 This time, she would be a pillar of support for Cia. 
 That was until the words spoken out of her mouth were like a thousand knives had been stabbed right in her back. 
 There was a straight look on the young woman's face, her tone was serious, "I've been waiting for you agent 100," Cia greeted. 
 There was now not a doubt in her mind, there were only two groups of people that knew her identity, Pure and Quinn's group. However, what Quinn's group didn't know was her agent number, and her ranking had recently just dropped as well. The fact that Cia knew this confirmed that she was part of Pure herself. 
 "I know you might be shocked, but it was all because of agent five," Cia explained. 
 Agent five, this meant Cia being close to her was all of her mother's doing. Suddenly a realisation was coming into her head. From the very beginning, since she had entered the academy, Cia had been her roommate. They had specifically told Layla that she was the only agent that was sent to military base two. 
 'Was everything a lie?' Now she didn't know what to believe. Was hee new friendship Cia fake? Was her acting scared was nothing but an act? What was worse was how much did she already know and how much were they reporting back to Pure. 
 Her own mother hadn't trusted her to even complete a mission like this, that they had to send backup to look after her. When there was a bond of trust, it went two ways, but her whole life it had always been one-sided. She trusted her mother with the Pure's true intentions even though she had so many questions. 
 She trusted her mother when going through her hellish training that she felt like was torture. 
 She trusted her mother when she had told her life would be better in the future. 
 Yet, she didn't trust Layla. After everything that had happened so far, something had snapped inside of Layla. 
 Layla walked right past Cia, ignoring her. 
 "Wait, what are you doing agent 100?" Cia asked, a little shocked by Layla's actions. 
 "Don't call me that I'm not a number!" She shouted back. "I have a name and I have a pretty good one." 
 At that moment, the automatic doors to the hotel Lobby opened and in walked in, Quinn and the other boys. They immediately could see her bloodshot red eyes, but had mistaken them for sadness instead of anger. 
 "Are you okay Layla what's wrong?" Quinn said as he rushed over, placing his hand on her forehead, checking if she was all okay. 
 "Idiot. Why didn't you come sooner." She said. "And your hands cold." At this moment, the full waterworks had come out, as tears of waterfall started to fall and her head was now laying deep into Quinn's chest. 
 "Hug her dude," Fex whispered in his ear. While the other two boys pretend to look away and whistle. 
 Not knowing what to do in this type of situation, he listened to Fex's advice and gave a strong and firm hug to Layla as he tried to calm her down. 
 "Quinn!" She cried. "I don't want to be useless anymore…. I don't." 
 "Layla, when have I ever said you were useless?" Quinn replied, at this point, Vorden had decided to step away, knowing full well he had said that a few times. 
 "You have done nothing but helped me from day one." He replied back. 
 Seeing the scene, Cia didn't know what to do. She had still not even finished explaining the details of the upcoming plan. Agent five had assigned her the task to look over agent 100. No matter what was to happen, this was her only mission. But right now, she couldn't interrupt this scene. 
 "Layla.." She tried calling out. 
 "Go away! Go Away!" She screamed. 
 At this point, the others noticed that Cia was standing behind her. And seeing this strange reaction, Vorden started to wonder. He found it strange that Layla had broken down like this over the event. Sure she would be upset but was it really such a big deal? 
 "Hey, she clearly doesn't like you being here. So just scram." Vorden said. 
 "I can do what the hell I want." Cia snapped back. "You're not my boss, and you're not a teacher." She said as she continued to walk forward. 
 "Just remember, I know about your secret, and yours." She said as she pointed at both Fex and Quinn. 
 Sam, who was currently a bystander at this point, didn't have a clue what was happening and was finding it hard to follow along. 
 'It's like I've been transported in the middle of a soap opera while still in the middle of the season." He thought. 
 Cia continued to walk forward, not caring about anything, however after a few steps, she suddenly could no longer move. Something seemed to be restricting her movements completely. Then a breath was felt behind her neck. 
 "I would like to see you just try to tell anyone about that," Vorden said, in a sinister voice, it was the first time she had heard him speak like that. When trying to look down, she could see his hand pressed against her throat, with nothing but a chopstick pointed at it. Perhaps others would have laughed, but the deadly aura coming off from his words, she knew it was no laughing matter. 
 Then, when looking ahead, she could see another person, who had his hand held out steady, with all his fingers pointed. 
 "Now why would you chose to threaten us?" Fex said. When hearing the words she spoke. He felt like this was the worst time for anything to be revealed. If the humans had found out what he had transported into. Not even his sister, Silver would be able to save him. 
 That's why the instant she had moved forward and made the threat he had, activated his strings to hold her in place, at the same time he immediately saw Vorden and the move, and carefully made sure to allow the strings to not restrict any of his movements. However, Fex soon realised he didn't need to do much, as it seemed like Vorden was able to see and move away from the strings via his own accord. 
 "He's a skilful one." 
 At this point, Layla had nearly stopped crying, Quinn still had her held in her hands, She pushed away slightly from his chest and looked up into his eyes. 
 "Quinn, please I don't want to go back to them," Layla said. "I want you to turn me. I want to stay with you. I want to be stronger." 
 To Sam, it looked like Layla had just made some type of confession. Although it sounded weird based on everything that happened, it was the only thing he could think off. But Quinn very well knew what she meant. She wanted him to turn her like he did with Peter. 
 He was very hesitant, especially after what had taken place with Peter so far. But what happened with him didn't mean the same would happen with everyone. After all his own life had changed quite a bit, and Layla was in a troubling situation. He had already figured when she had said, She didn't want to go back to them. That being with them was preferable than to Pure. 
 Changing her, meant she would be leaving Pure and going to his side. Leaving a big organisation like that wasn't simple. One would need the power to fight back, and Layla didn't have that. 
 "Very well," Quinn replied. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 314 Don't kill again 
 Quinn placed both of his hands on top of Layla's shoulders and moved her off slightly to the side. Hearing Quinn agree to turn had made her overjoyed and the sad emotion that filled her was starting to disappear; perhaps this was the big change she needed in her life. 
 "Thank you." She said as she sniffled a little bit and rubbed away the last few tears. 
 Of course, right now wasn't the time to change Layla and go through the blood ritual, even she knew that. They were in the middle of the event, and there was always the chance the same thing that happened to Peter, could happen to her. It was best to wait until they were back at school where Logan could access the black market in case she did turn into a ghoul. 
 "Ladies and Gentlemen, the fighting event will soon begin!" The speakers announced. 
 The sound of the crowd outside beginning to move was heard. The crowd cheered louder than before and it could even be heard from the back of the hotel Lobby where the group were at. 
 This announcement and reaction made it clear it was the most anticipated event even out of the main three. 
 "Nate!" Sam said in a rush, "Sorry guys, I really gotta go watch my friend. It looks like you guys got things handled here anyway." Although many things were happening in front of him, he hardly knew this group of people and was just helping them out for the time being. What he wanted to do now more than ever, was go and support his true friend, Nate. 
 "I'll come with you," Logan said, as he was equally concerned at what might happen to Peter, and one of them from Quinn's group needed to inform them of what was happening. 
 The others didn't have to worry about too much with Sam, it just looked like some type of strange invitation, and nothing was ever mentioned about Quinn being a vampire or any sort. All that was revealed was, Quinn and Fex had some type of secret. Seeing the level one on their wristwatch and how confident they were, he probably guessed it was something to do with the fact that they hid their abilities, yet were in the school on the basis of being weak. 
 Of course, this was something he could report to the school if he wanted to, but he saw no reason to. Not being in the same military school, he would have no benefit from doing such a thing whatsoever, not that he would have even bothered in the first place. 
 The two boys quickly left together and went ahead to the screen two area, while the other three were left behind. However, after hearing the announcement, Fex was equally worried and wanted to leave as soon as possible. There was a good chance his sister would be watching the fight. Depending on how close she was to the arena, she would smell out Peter. Or there was even the chance of Peter revealing some of his powers giving him away. 
 The problem was he was the one holding Cia right now. 
 "You two can go as well," Quinn said. "I can deal with her on my own." 
 Both Vorden and Fex looked at each other from the other sides. It was the first time Quinn was requesting something like this. 
 He would often ask for their advice in situations like this, so they found it a little strange, did he already have a plan? 
 "Are you sure?" Vorden asked, still keeping the chopstick he had in his hand close to Cia's throat. 
 "I'm sure." Quinn said, "Honestly, I haven't given up on Peter yet. I need you two to see if there's any way of saving him, any gaps in their routine if we can ship him off. I know it's unlikely, and even if we can't. At least find out what they plan to do to him, so we can get revenge later on." 
 It was the first time they had heard Quinn declare that he had planned to go against the military in the open like this. Saving one's friend from them was different. He was now clearly saying if he couldn't save them at one point, he would punish those that did this. 
 "I like it," Vorden said with a smile. 
 "I agree," Fex said as he let the strings loosen and return to him. Vorden quickly ran over, and the other two had left the hotel lobby as well. 
 Quinn quickly looked at Layla and just gave a slight nod, indicating her to go off and follow the boys, before leaving she whispered something into Quinn's ear. 
 Cia started to look around the room to see if there was any way out. The hotel lobby was quite large, and the area they were in was near the elevators around the corner from the reception. It was a good twenty meters before they could be in sight of anyone. 
 She then looked up at the top right-hand corner, where a camera was present, but she also knew that was useless as well. There was a specific reason why Cia had chosen to meet Layla here. The camera here has been disabled already, in the security room, it would just show a loop, and also it was far enough from the reception area where no one could hear or see them. 
 With no choice and the others gone, she felt she could only do one thing. A spirit spear formed in her hand, and she quickly threw it out towards Quinn. Straight after, she tried bolting it towards him, as she wished to run past him and head for the exit or at least the reception area. 
 Moving to the side avoiding the first spear, Quinn then went ahead to Cia. Another spear was thrown, and this one had hit him directly in the stomach. 
 "Yes!" She said, knowing full well that Quinn would have been slowed down, but it was useless. 
 Quinn wasn't even using his full speed; half a second later, he was already directly in front of her, and he quickly threw out his hand, grasping his fingers tightly around her neck. 
 Even with the debuff he now had far surpassed any regular human's speed. 
 As she looked into Quinn's eyes, she could see for some reason, there was great anger. When the other two had left, she thought the most troublesome ones had gone. Instead, it looked like the worst one was left behind. 
 He knew from the conversation earlier, that she was Pure, and before Layla had left, she had told him not to worry about the cameras. 
 "What is Pure planning to do?" Quinn asked. 
 "As if…I will..tell you." She croaked out again. Why was it that she seemed to be getting strangled all the time by these psychos? she thought. However, what she was also surprised at was the fact that Quinn knew about Pure. 
 'Did Layla tell them everything, how much do they know, when she asked for him to turn her, what did she mean by that? To stay with Quinn does this mean she's chosen to betray us. I must inform agent Five immediately.' 
 She started to stretch out her fingers to reach into her back pocket. Inside was a communication device; maybe she wouldn't be able to talk out in the open, but if she were just able to turn it on, they would know something was up. No reply was a sign that an agent would be in trouble. 
 Quinn's eyes started to glow even redder now, as he had activated the influence skill. 
 "You better hope this works this time. Otherwise, I have no choice but to get rid of you." 
 Layla looked into Quinn's deep red eyes, and her body was frozen in place; she didn't know why. 
 'Please work….' Quinn said. "I don't want to kill again." 
 'Again?' Cia heard now fearing for her life. 
 The four others had just arrived at screen two. They went ahead and sat down in the seats ready to watch the fighting event. It seemed like there was quite a bit of preparation work to be done, so thankfully, the fights hadn't started yet, and they were busy explaining the rules to the audience. 
 Now when looking out on the field, ten slightly raised circular cylinders went up from the floor to as high as the first row of audience members. Keeping them eye level, who were watching from their seats. This allowed for nearly the perfect view for those sitting there. 
 The flat top surface of the cylinder would be the fighting platform for the participants. There were a few ways to lose in the fighting tournament. Your opponent would be knocked off the cylinder platform. One was to be knocked out, or the referee who would also be on the cylinder with them declared one of the students a winner. 
 When looking out on all the cylinders, Fex could see his dear sister on one of the platforms. 
 "Of course, she had to be a referee." He said 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 315 The fighting event begins 
 Underneath the arena, the contestants were all busy getting ready for the fighting event. The weapons and armour they had hidden until now were all out on full display. Even if one was to see what their opponent was wearing, there was too little time to try to come up with a countermeasure. On top of this, the participants themselves did not know who they were going to go up against. 
 Students for this event were also able to use whatever equipment they owned. It didn't matter whether one person had higher gear than the other. It was all about individual strength rather than skill. The focus was to show how they would compete out in the real world. 
 Above, there were ten platforms, allowing for there to be ten fights happening simultaneously at the same time. The fighting event was one of the most important and most significant events so they needed not to have too much going on at the same time. Their goal was to allow the students to display their powers and if all the students were to fight at the same time, it would be impossible to keep track of them all. 
 Many factions and important members were watching this event, looking for their next recruits. Before going onto the stage, each of their stage names would be announced, allowing them to know who they were watching and something to remember the students by. 
 All of the students who were in the fighting event were split into groups of ten. This meant on the first day, half of them would be eliminated. 
 Nate continued to look around and eventually spotted Larry. "Looks like we won't be facing each other in the first round. That's good. Let me see how much you have improved before I fight you myself." He said. 
 It wasn't set in stone, but Nate was pretty sure that the groups had indicated who would be going out together. And those in the same group would be facing each other. When he looked over to the group to his right, he could see not only Larry but also the student who had the two guards who had never left his side once, standing at the back. 
 "I guess it's worth keeping an eye out on you as well," Nate said, still curious why they never left his side. 
 "We have something important to tell you." The guard whispered into Peter's ear. "Don't even think about surrendering or giving up the fight. If you do, you will be paying a visit straight back to the dungeon, and trust me; I can guarantee you don't want to go back there this time." 
 Even with the mans' threats, it didn't bother Peter too much. 
 What he was far more concerned about was what they were planning to do. Were they really going to just let him have a fair fight with one of the students here? It was clear now after spending a whole day with the guards. With Quinn and the others' strength, there was no way for them to save him. 
 He wasn't stupid. 
 'Whatever they plan to do, I won't let them have it go their way.' Peter thought, trying to make it as hard as possible. 
 "Alright, everyone, Group A, please start to make your way to the platform." A soldier ordered, and the first group, which had both, Peter and Larry, started to make their way up to the stage. 
 Nate started to rub his hands together in excitement; he couldn't wait to see what would happen. Inside the underground arena, they also had several screens, which allowed them to see what was going on above. He would have to observe from there. 
 The anticipation of finally meeting the Blood evolver was killing him. 
 They had all entered the field as the crowd heavily cheered for them. The noise was so loud it felt like the whole arena was vibrating slightly. Not everyone was here for recruitment, and it was clear some were here just to enjoy the show that would be put on. 
 "It looks like Peter will be in the first batch," Logan said watching from the top platform in his seat. 
 "I wonder what they're thinking?" Vorden asked. 
 "Rather than worry about what they are thinking, I'm far more concerned with what Peter is thinking. He is a little unpredictable when it comes to situations like these," Logan replied back. 
 However, Fex was now sweating heavily. He crossed his arms and nervously tapped his foot away, staring at the screen. He was far more concerned about a bigger problem. Not being able to take it anymore, he had left his seat and walked over to the edge to look down at the arena. 
 Seeing Peter on the screen had made him worry even more. 
 "Oh, no!..." Fex thought. The second he looked at his sister, he could tell from the expression on her face. She had discovered Peter. 
 As soon as Peter had entered the arena and started to walk over to the platforms, in an instant, she could smell that there was someone different among them. Then when they further split up, she finally had spotted who and where the smell was coming from. 
 'I was meant to be the only one stationed at a military base; there were meant to be no others, not only that... It's a subclass. Don't tell me..' A worrying thought started to go through her head. It was clear that the subclass vampire was illegal. She would have been informed before coming otherwise. There were no doubts about it; the problem was who had created it. 
 Was it her brother? If so, there might no longer be any way for her to save him anymore. After breaking so many rules, he would not get off with a light punishment. Unable to do anything in the middle of the tournament, for now, all she could do was keep an eye on the illegal, while continuing to judge her own fight, since it looked like she wouldn't be judging the battle with the illegal. 
 Underneath the large, stone cylinders, two students stood either side. The pillars were spread evenly throughout the arena allowing the audience to see a fight no matter where they were, but they also had screens that would display the other matches in case they were interested, and if some fights ended quicker than others. 
 In the crowd, every so often, there were soldiers stationed, and this included General Duke. The audience didn't think it was so strange since it was the fighting tournament, but the reason for the high level of security was something else. 
 "Is everyone ready? During the fight with the student known as Peter, everyone is to keep an eye. They could come out at any second." Duke ordered into his communicator. 
 The soldiers were there in case of an attack from Pure. In fact, there were even more soldiers than the audience knew off. For several members of the crowd were also disguised. Not knowing the importance of the member they had in question, they were also unclear how much effort they would make to rescue him. 
 There was also the possibility that they weren't even going to rescue him at all. The four leaders and Supreme Commander were here, any rescue attempt would require their full power, and in all the years before, there had never been an attack on the event. 
 However, there was one thing they were sure about, and that was the fact that they would be watching. Jack, sitting in his booth, was excited. He didn't really expect anyone from Pure to come. That's why he wanted to put Peter up for the fight in the first place. So they could brutally see one of their own being beaten to death. 
 By each of the pillars, there was an additional soldier down below. Their job was to catch anyone who would fall off the stage. As the first stage names were announced, the soldier below stomped his foot hard on the ground, and a smaller pillar raised the student onto the fighting platform. 
 This was readily done as each of the students' names was being called. A cheer followed with each name until, eventually, they had reached the last platform, platform ten. 
 The soldier stomped his foot, raising Larry steel, to the stage. 
 "And on stage ten, introducing Octopuncher." 
 Looking at the screen from underground, Nate was slightly confused by the name choice. "So you're not going to reveal your Blood Evolver in front of everyone, huh, but what kind of lame name is that?" 
 The man then stomped his foot again, and a pillar rose from underneath Peter, allowing him to step onto the platform. 
 "And next, we have his opponent, ZombieP." 
 When this name was called, there wasn't much of a reaction from the crowd in the arena. However, the students above and below underground were stunned and Nate couldn't keep his jaw closed. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram or Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 316 ZombieP vs Blood Evolver 
 As Peter's name was revealed to the audience, there seemed to be a strange reaction between a few people, and others started to notice this shift. The VR game that Peter played Power fighters was very popular, and the user ZombieP had become a hot topic amongst players. However, there were a few important things to note. 
 Not everyone who played the game visited the forums; only those that truly enjoyed the game like Nate and Sam were a part of this group. Second of all, the servers that Peter played on were the military servers, meaning the only people who knew about Peter were the military students themselves. 
 Still, the strange reaction caused by the students above started to spread like fire. When one or two would start to talk and murmur others beside them would ask what was so interesting. 
 "Is he really ZombieP?" A student asked. 
 "Maybe he's just a fan?" 
 "Can someone explain to me who ZombieP is?" 
 "Ah! You don't know; he's quite well known in the VR game Power fighters"." 
 The students were busy sharing information and videos of ZombieP's performance in the game, and soon nearly every student now knew about ZombieP. However, those who were in Del's class were confused as the video clearly showed the person in the video had a regenerative ability, while the Peter they knew was an earth user. 
 Those that knew Peter couldn't believe the connection. It just didn't make any sense. 
 Although Peter's information was being spread between the students, the same couldn't be said for the people in the arena. They had come from outside of the military, and even though the game was popular on the outside, they didn't have access to the military servers and knew nothing of the name. 
 This was the same for Jack and the others in the booth as well. While they all had their eyes spread, watching all the participants fighting, Jack was mainly focused and excited for the beatdown that Peter was about to receive. 
 "Wait, your friends with ZombieP?" Sam asked, shocked by what he had just found out. The others had told him, they were mainly watching the fighting tournament because of Peter but didn't explain much else. Unknown to them that this type of reaction was going to happen. The fact that everyone was talking about Peter came as a surprise even to them. 
 "Wait, can somebody please explain to me, what is the big deal about Peter being called ZombieP?" Layla asked. 
 "I guess I should explain this one since it's partly my fault," Logan said. "One day, when I was busy doing my usual tinkering away at my workbench, Peter had decided to play the game. unbeknownst to me, he was causing quite a stir in the online world and had become infamous because of his powerful regenerative abilities." 
 Logan was unable to go into further detail due to Sam being there, but there was quite a difference between Peter's ability in the game and the one out there. 
 The game had managed to copy Peter's unique body structure. Rather than ability, it determined his body was what was causing the extraordinary healing. This was why it allowed him to use his abilities in the game the same way Quinn could use his as well. But just how Quinn was able to use his blood abilities with no drawback, Peter could use his regenerative abilities as well, making him nearly invisible in the game. 
 In real life, this wasn't the case. Peter did have extraordinary healing abilities, but if he was pushed to the edge, he would no longer heal until he was fed. 
 'Let's just hope Truedream isn't planning something stupid." 
 Nate nearly exploded into excitement after hearing the user's name; now he thought he understood why they were heavily guarding him. Noticing his watch's level showing a one, there must have been something different about this person. 
 Perhaps they didn't want the secret to being revealed; either way, Nate was beyond excited. 
 He was going to watch a match between two infamous people from the game—the Blood Evolver VS ZombieP. 
 "Ladies and gentlemen, the match will now begin!" The buzzer had sounded, and the fight had now started on the ten platforms. 
 There was quite a mix to the sound of the buzzers going off. Some students charged in immediately, causing fireworks and sparks to fly as they battle. While others patiently circled the ring, waiting for the right chance to attack. Most of the attention was focused on the flashier matches and didn't pay attention to much else. 
 Silver, who was one of the referees of another match, had her mind focused somewhere else. 
 'I need to get this match over and done with as soon as possible.' 
 The two students she was watching were both female, and the two of them continued to circle each other, waiting for one of them to attack. 
 'Come on...' Silver thought. 
 At last, one of the female students swirled her hands around and blasted a hydro pump full of water. A strong stream of water came out from the palm of her hand and was heading straight for the other student. The distance was great between the two, and the other contestant was not worried about an attack like this; she would easily be able to avoid. 
 But then, she noticed Silver walking around the edge of the ring; this was fine, as a ref, one needed to reposition themselves to stop the fight at any moment, just like a boxing match. For a second, though, the two of their eyes met. The stress was now heading towards her. 
 'Huh, what's this, I can't move' The student was shocked, she screamed at her body to jump out of the way, but it just wasn't listening to her for some reason. 
 'Am I that nervous?' She thought, but it was now too late. The powerful stream of water had hit her right in the chest, causing her to be lifted off her feet and sent her flying through the air. She was now off the platform and was falling down below, but soon she felt her back hit against a solid ground. 
 "Ah, I'm alive." She said, feeling her heart beating rapidly. When she stood up, she noticed she was on a makeshift pillar that was slowly descending back into the ground. The earth soldier below had raised a new platform as soon as he saw her fall off the platform. 
 "We have our first winner!" The announcer said. 
 The female student was upset and was still confused about what had happened, but she was only a first-year student and put it down to the fact she must have been more nervous than she thought. 
 'Finally, now, I can focus.' Silver said. During the fight, when the student's eyes had met with hers, she had activated her Daze power, freezing her for a moment. Her goal was to end the fight as quickly as possible, and it seemed to work. Now she could freely watch the illegals' battle. 
 "Hmm, that was a little strange," Owen said, sitting inside the booths till playing with his long hair. 
 "Did you notice something?" Oscar, the supreme commander, asked. 
 "You didn't? It must have been my imagination then." He replied. 
 "It's quite hard to focus on one fight in particular when so many are going on." Mona Bree said. 
 Many of them had already chosen to form the initial inspection, which they wanted to watch. From a glance at equipment, it was usually easy to tell which students were stronger. Good equipment indicated they were strong enough to slay that beast in the first place. However, this wasn't always the case, as some received more support from their family members than others. 
 On the other hand, Owen was only interested in one person, and that was Silver, and this was the reason he had paid attention to their fight. 
 While Jack had his pure attention focused on one fight, and it looked like something interesting was going on, on that particular platform. 
 When the fight had started, Larry immediately had gotten into a fighting stance. He had his gauntlets and full beast gear on. Everything seemed to be at the intermediate level, and looking at him reminded him a little bit of Quinn. Although as soon as he got in a wide fighting stance that changed, as Quinn usually fought more freely, adapting as he went along. 
 Larry waited and waited for Peter to do something until eventually, Peter raised his hand in the air. 
 "I forfeit from the match." He said. Peter didn't care about this match, and fighting 
 meant there was a chance revealing himself and Quinn. Originally, he wanted to fight but thought this was for the best, even if he was to die. 
 The words had been spoken loud and clear, and Peter even raised his hand to signal this 
 to the Ref. Even so, the Ref stood there in silence; it was as if he had never even heard the words in the first place. 
 "I said, I forfeit!" Peter shouted. 
 There were no mics on the students, and the platforms, along with the noise from the crowd, 
 was far too loud and far for anybody to hear. 
 Seeing this, Jack started to giggle inwardly to himself. 
 'You think you can just give up, no... no matter what you do; you can't run away from this fight. The whole audience and that disgusting organization of yours are going to see you be beaten till you can no longer move in front of everyone." 
 *** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 317 Octopuncher....six 
 The other matches seemed to be ending faster than expected as the participants continued to be announced as winners. This was half expected form the first group, as they were all composed of first-year students. The event was set up this way, so the stronger first-year students would proceed and have a better chance of fighting against the second-year students in the later rounds. 
 Between the first-year students, there was quite an immense power and skill gap. This gap would mostly be the case on the first day as the weaker students were thinned out. 
 This way, the fights that were to be shown later on through the week wouldn't be so quick to end. The fighting event seemed to be drawing to a close, as there were only three platforms with fights still going on, with one of these being Peter's. 
 'So this is your grand plan, a setup?' Peter thought. The tournament had to be rigged from the beginning. The judge not replying was an indicator he was working for Jack, and his job was to make it so Peter was unable to surrender or forfeit no matter what. 
 'Is the student working for Jack as well?' 
 It was now hard for Peter to tell who was working for Jack and who wasn't. If he was able to set it up so, all of these things fell in place. There was a good chance the student, the Ref and the solder below who was meant to catch him, were in on the whole plan as well. 
 'There is another way?' Peter said as he looked at the edge of the arena, but if his suspicions were correct and the man below also worked for Jack, there was no way the man would try to catch him. From this height, his leg's would shatter and would have to be regenerated on the spot. Revealing his powers. 
 If his powers were going to be revealed one way or another, he would have rather done it fighting instead. 
 Larry was tired of waiting and finally decided to charge in. As he rushed forward, he made a loud war cry and banged his two gauntlets fists together. 
 If he could, Peter would have liked to win this fight without showing his regeneration abilities. He needed to be careful and figure out just what his opponent's ability was, especially since he was a level 6 ability user. 
 Making sure not to stay too close to the edge, Peter decided to also come forward. Larry had beast gear on that was also enhancing his speed, while Peter wore nothing. Still, he managed to match his speed, and the two of them met dead straight in the centre. 
 A fist was thrown, and Peter moved his head out of the way, avoiding it by a few inches as the strike went past his face. The attack was powerful, and the air around it had caused his hair to move. From Larry's other hand a wide swing was thrown, this time Peter responded by duking underneath it. 
 "You're friends good at dodging at least," Sam said, from his experience all though those blows looked wild, they still came out at a good speed and with full commitment. It was clear with the first few punches that Larry was not the Blood Evolver. There was no finesse in the punches, just raw power. Still, if the blows connected, it was also clear they would do quite a bit of damage. 
 Fex continued to watch the fight nervously. If he was right in guessing that Peter was actually created by Quinn and Peter was a Wight, it meant Peter in terms of stats, was just as good as Quinn. 
 The longer the fight went on, the more chances of Silver finding out, if she didn't know already. 
 After dodging a few more punches, Peter was still wondering just when Larry was going to use his ability. He didn't want to make the first move until he had uncovered this secret. Another two swings from the side came one after another, but then suddenly, Peter felt something grab him around the waist, and then something else held him tightly around the legs. 
 When looking down, he could see what had latched onto him. A set of arms had grabbed him by the legs, and another set by his biceps, while the other two were where they should have been in the usual place. 
 Right now, all the other fights had finished as it took a while before Peter's officially got going. Which meant all screens were on him and everyone could see him being lifted in the air by four arms. 
 "Haha, this is perfect," Jack said. "What perfect timing for everyone to see what is about to happen." 
 The others in the room thought Jack was a little too happy watching the students fight. Apart from Oscar, the others never really got on well with Jack in the first place. 
 Looking down at the arms, Peter remained calm as usual. He no longer feared death, maybe this was because he was already dead. He then started to look at the arms closely and started to count. "1..2..3.4..5..6." Suddenly, Peter began to chuckle to himself. 
 "What's so funny?" Larry said annoyed, and also a little concerned when he felt like he had his opponent trapped. Most of the beast gear that he had on, had a unique trait to enhance one's strength. This was perfect for Larry, with his ability to grow extra limbs it meant he had more power than an average person in each of his arms. 
 "I never knew I was fighting with an idiot. Was your name, Octopuncher? Shouldn't you have eight arms and not six?" Peter asked. 
 For a moment, Larry stood there still, and soon he began to realise his mistake. His cheeks started to turn bright red, and his face felt hot. He didn't have a stage name before coming today, and when they had asked him, he thought of the best thing he could come up with at the time. 
 "Arghh!" He screamed. "I'll kill you." 
 Continuing to hold Peter in place with his other arms, He pulled back both his fist and punched Peter directly in the ribs. A cracking sound was heard, and it the bones moving, and fracturing could be felt in Larry's knuckles. Peter's body reacted to the attack, and the expression on his face changed as the air was punched out of him, but no screams were heard, as no pain was felt. 
 However, Larry was too angry to even realise this and continued to punch Peter repeatedly. After breaking his ribs, he went on to move his body around and hit his forearms and lifted him up to beat his legs. 
 The whole audience was able to see the one sided match on the screen. 
 "This…is not the Blood Evolver," Nate said disappointed as he clicked his tongue and looked away from the screen. The man he was watching was nothing more than a wild beast. 
 The others continued to watch and were wondering why the referee hadn't stopped the match yet. They could see him standing there clearly watching such a one sided fight, but did nothing to interfere. 
 Some of the other referees had decided to stop fights before it had even gotten to this stage. In the end, it was up to the Ref in the ring to determine when to stop the fight. They had information the others didn't know such as, student abilities, just in case it was all part of the plan. 
 "Don't you think the match should be stopped soon?" Layla asked. 
 "If you were to ask me, I think that Ref is a little dirty," Vorden replied. 
 Finally, the punching rampage had stopped, and he allowed Peter to fall to the ground, retracting his arms back into his body. When Peter fell, the bones in his shins were now shattered. There was no attempt to lift himself as he couldn't even stand up. He just laid there having fallen to the ground. 
 At this point, Larry was already walking away. 
 "This match is over," Larry said to the Ref. 
 Although many in the arena thought the match was over, including the ones in the booth. The opinions of many of the students were different, including Sam. 
 "Well…If he's the real ZombieP. Then the match has only just begun." Said Sam. 
 It had only been a short time, less than a minute had passed, and Peter's legs had already healed. He stood up from the floor slowly as his arms and ribs were still under repair. His body was twisting and turning in positions impossible if ones bones weren't broken. And everything slowly started coming back into place. Finally, Peter was once again back to his usual self. 
 "Well, it turns out one person didn't disappoint me." Said Nate. "You really are the real ZombieP." 
 Peter moved his neck side to side, making sure everything worked as normal. 
 "Well, now my ability was revealed to everyone anyway," Peter said. 
 If Peter was to allow himself to take another beating like that, then after regenerating once more, there was a high chance he would need to eat human flesh again. Although they knew this secret of his, they didn't know the whole part, and the eating flesh was a bigger problem then the first one. 
 Now his secret was out he had no choice, he needed to fight back to not give out any other information up to them. 
 "I like it better this way." He said with a smile. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 318 Forget everything 
 Everyone in the arena now thought they understood why the Ref hadn't stepped in. It must have been due to the knowledge he had known beforehand. The Ref must have known that the student had a powerful regeneration ability. But the truth of the matter was, that the Ref was just as shocked as everyone else. 
 He had been informed beforehand that the student had a transformation ability. The audience members were too far away and the screen never focused long enough for them to tell what level Peter's wristwatch had shown. They all just knew he must have had a powerful regeneration ability and now it made sense why they had allowed him to fight in the tournament. 
 However, the participants knew differently, having seen not only his level but the number of guards that were always around him. 
 "Is he some type of mutant?" They thought. 
 Now as for Jack, who was sitting in the booth, he wasn't upset by this sudden change and surprise. Instead he was excited but at the same time concerned, for he was thinking along the same lines as the students. 
 He had gotten so excited, he stood up from his seat. 'This has to be the doing of Pure!' He thought. 'Duke had already confirmed he had a transformation ability, and before that there had been reports of him having an earth ability. Have Pure finally managed to create a monster?' 
 For years organisations, and different research institutes had dabbled in the possibility of allowing a student to have more than one ability. Due to the human cell's structure, it seemed impossible, but they progressed onward. To Jack, it seemed like Pure must have been able to finally succeed in creating a body that was able to have more than one ability. 
 'He might be even more important to them than I first thought.' Knowing this new piece of information, Jack was determined to continue his plan of luring out Pure. He was unsure whether or not they had made more people like Peter, but even if they hadn't, they would hate the idea of the military getting their hands on something they themselves had yet to discover. 
 'You hypocritical bastards.' He thought as he sat back down in his seat. 
 The crowd continued to cheer away and now the students were keeping a closer eye on the match than before. 
 "Did I miss much?" A voice from behind Layla said. 
 "Quinn?" She replied. 
 It looked like Quinn had returned and was in one piece, which meant he must have dealt with the problem. Layla gulped when she thought of the possibilities of getting rid of that problem. 
 "So what happened, is Cia…" She couldn't finish her sentence for fear of the answer she would hear back. 
 "She's alive, but it's complicated." He replied. 
 Pulling off Layla to one side, he decided it was best to explain the full details of what had happened as soon as possible, especially since this involved her. 
 Back at the hotel lobby place, around the corner where the elevators were located, Quinn was alone with Cia. 
 When Quinn had activated his influence skill, her eyes had hollowed out and it looked like his skill had worked. Before it looked like it had nearly worked and now with his charm points increased, it seemed to just be enough to push her over the edge. 
 Not wanting to waste this golden opportunity, Quinn decided it would be best to ask her some simple questions. He had tried asking her what Pure we're planning to do at the event. However, he quickly realized that for some reason, any question that was about Pure would be answered with nothing. 
 It was almost scary even to him. Every time he would ask them a question, she would try and search her pocket as if by automatic response. Usually, when one was under influence they would be unable to control anything. 
 There were two things that Quinn could think of as to how this was possible. Either his influence skill was barely working on her and she was still fighting back. Or there was some even stronger type of mind control going on at Pure, behind the scenes. 
 Seeing that she repeatedly tried to reach into her pockets, Quinn decided to reach in and grab whatever she was trying to get. Inside one of the pockets, he had discovered a white pill. What its use was for he did not know. Inside the back pocket, there seemed to be a small little white remote. 
 Afraid it might have been a recorder, or something else, Quinn had crushed it to pieces on the spot. It would have been nice to give it to Logan but he couldn't take any chances, and Layla had also informed him of Cia having something like this beforehand. 
 If he was to find such a thing he was told to destroy it on the spot. 
 Since Quinn was unable to answer any questions, he feared that perhaps the next part wouldn't have worked either. 
 This was the tricky part, how much did Cia know? 
 Being an agent of Pure she always had kept an eye on Layla and had been with her from the beginning. If he was only to remove the events from today and the orange portal expedition, there was a chance that Pure would be able to fit multiple pieces of the puzzle together. 
 He couldn't risk it, there was only one thing he could do. 
 "Erase everything." He only said two words unsure of what it might have done. He had asked the system beforehand, and he said, she would be able to live and talk so it should be okay, but whether or not she could live a normal life again, he did not know. 
 Removing this much information was considered dangerous. 
 After giving the command, her eyes whitened even further and then the reflection of red was seen. This was the sign that his command had worked. 
 Not wanting to be there when she came too, Quinn decided to quickly head back out to the others. He turned to look back at her one time, before deciding to head off again. 
 A short time had passed, and Cia who was on the floor had come to. She lifted herself off the floor with a banging pain in her head. She placed her hand making sure she wasn't injured and started looking around at her surroundings. 
 "What is this place?" She asked. Then something had hit her even worse. "Who am I..What's my name?" Cia couldn't remember anything. Not her birth date, not how old she was, or even the fact she was attending military school. The only thing she could remember was how to speak, and her normal bodily functions. 
 Realising this, a natural reaction had occurred, as she broke down in tears and screamed out. 
 After hearing everything Quinn had to say, for some reason she felt bad for Cia. She hated Pure but not Cia herself. Still, she knew it had to be done. Getting rid of her memories would be better than death. At least that's what she thought. 
 "So do you know what this pill is?" Quinn asked as he handed it over. 
 "All agents carry one with them. It's poison…" Layla explained. "If we were ever caught and in a situation where we think we might be exposed, we're meant to take it instantly." 
 "That's kind of messed up." Quinn let slip forgetting for a second, that Layla was a part of this messed up organization. "Anyway, do you know what they're planning or what will happen now?" 
 Layla shook her head in response. "I have no clue, my rank in the organisation was never high enough, and it seems like they opted to tell me nothing now. My guess is as good as yours." 
 With everything explained, Layla and Quinn decided to return to the rest of the group. 
 They quickly updated Quinn on the events of the fight so far and he only had one thing he could say in response. 
 "It looks like there's nothing we can do right now apart from one thing." Quinn walked up to the ledge and looked down at the fighting platforms below. He lifted both his hands by his mouth and made a cone shape. 
 Taking in a large deep breath as loud as he could, he shouted at the top of his lungs. "Kick his arse until he can no longer walk!" 
 It was a long-distance and even though his voice was projected very loud the audience were unable to hear him. But that wasn't important, Quinn only needed one person to hear his words. 
 Walking towards Larry slowly, Peter raised his hand and gave a thumbs up in the direction of Quinn. 
 'Now I even have permission.' 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates Follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 319 Single Punch 
 After watching the fast-paced regeneration of the student, Silver pretty much confirmed her suspicions. The student that was known as Peter was a Wight. There weren't many things out there with such a fast healing speed. The only other thing that had a similar healing speed was wendigos but it was clear that Peter had kept most of his human appearance, so it ruled that possibility out. 
 Now that there weren't as many fights going on, she could also concentrate and found that there was no heartbeat. All these things led to the conclusion that he was a Wight. 
 'This could be a little troublesome or fairly easy to deal with.' If the Wight was created by Fex, then it would be impossible for her or him to kill it and she would have to find some other way to get rid of it. There was no way she could leave now knowing what was out and about, without a ladder they could quickly go out of control. 
 If it wasn't created by Fex, then that could be even worse. 
 If possible, she would have liked Fex to deal with the situation as he was able to move about more freely within the students than she could, but if it was created by someone else, and the Vampire turned out to be quite powerful, it might be too much for him to handle and she would in the end personally have to deal with it. 
 Whatever the case was, she would keep a close eye observing the Wight's strength. 
 There was no longer any need for Peter to hold back. The military already thought he was strange after finding out he had several abilities, the worst thing that could happen was he would need to feed again, and that was the worst outcome. 
 Knowing this and having the element of surprise, Peter continued to walk forward slowly. For some reason, Larry didn't know why, but he felt an immense amount of pressure. 
 It wasn't the fact that Peter was giving out such a feeling, it was because someone who he was sure he had already defeated was now walking perfectly fine. This type of situation messed with one's head, and it didn't quite make sense to Larry. 
 "I beat you up once, I can just do it again!" Larry shouted as he tried to psyche himself up to go in for the attack. 
 Shouting out a war cry once again, this time, the four hands had come out of his back before charging in. The boots on his feet slightly went a bronze colour as he activated the equipment allowing him to move slightly faster. 
 Then planning to do the same thing as last time, the gauntlets were activated as well. 
 'I'm not taking any chance, I'm taking you down in one blow.' 
 Surprisingly, Larry was moving a lot faster then Peter had suspected, but it still wasn't fast enough. Knowing full well he needed to avoid the attacks, at the right time as Larry went for the grab, Peter jumped back allowing himself to be just out of reach from the grab. With a dash, Peter tried to go around the side, but Larry wasn't going to let him get behind him. 
 One hand retracted from his left side, and popped out of the right side, swinging his fist out at the same time, Peter seeing this threw a fist of his own, but he wasn't holding back. 
 'You idiot, maybe you can heal, but you can't match my power!' Larry thought. 
 The two fists collided and to his surprise, their strength was currently equal. One fist didn't push back the other, but the power was so strong that the bones in both of their fists were completely shattered. 
 "Ahh!" Larry winced in pain and slightly flinched, while Peter hadn't stopped moving. The pain had no effect, and by the time he was around the back of Larry, his fist had already finished healing. 
 "He's so fast, are you sure he doesn't have the ability of speed as well, how can someone move that quick?" Sam thought, watching from above. 
 Fex looked over at Quinn and thought back to when he had fought against the King tier beast. 'That's his speed, and with the boots, Quinn was even faster than that. If people saw Quinn fight in this event, just what would the reaction be to him.' 
 "This boy is good," Owen said. "Ignoring the things he's displaying, for now, he knows how to use his unique traits to his advantage.' 
 At this point, Jack was grinding his teeth backwards and forwards. He never expected Peter to be this skilful. He was happy at first finding out he had the regenerative ability as well as the transformation ability, but this was unexpected. The aim was for him to lose the fight. 
 Larry spun his body around, hoping to slam his gauntlet fist right into Peter's head. With the added strength of the gauntlets, his power should have overpowered Peter's. 
 Seeing this, Peter didn't care to dodge but instead lifted his left arm right up to his head, while throwing out a punch of his own. 
 "In a fight, the best time to throw a punch is when your opponent is throwing a punch of their own. A counterpunch," Nate said, looking at the screen already knowing the outcome of the fight. 
 Larry's fist had hit Peter's arm and had shattered his forearm, but the blow was blocked. In contrast, Peter's strike had all his power behind it, as well as the momentum of Larry coming spinning and coming towards him. As Peter's fist dug into his face, it had twice the power of what a punch form Peter would usually have. 
 Parts of teeth went flying out from his mouth, and blood started to gush from his nose, as his head was flung back the white in his eyes could be seen, and the loud sound of the heavy body hitting the floor was heard. 
 The ref rushed to the body on the floor and soon raised his hand. 
 "The winner, ZombieP!!!" 
 The single punch, from Peter, was all it took. Larry had been defeated. 
 Slamming his fist down on his chair, Jack stood up from his seat and stormed off out of the room. 
 "What's wrong with him, did he have a bet on the other kid to win?" Mona asked. 
 "Don't be silly," Oscar replied. "You know we don't allow those types of things. I believe he had been paying close attention to Larry for a while now and was planning to invite him into his family. This might have been quite a shock to him, just leave him be." 
 Outside of the booth, Jack continued to walk down the hallway. He was doing his best to try to calm down, Pure hadn't come out, and he had spent a lot of time preparing everything, and it seemed to be all a waste. Sure he could still get his revenge just by reporting Peter or killing him in secret, but that wasn't good enough for Jack. 
 He still remembered the embarrassment he received last time when they had taken both the students right in front of his very eyes. "You think you can make a fool out of me!" He shouted. "We'll see that the fighting event isn't over yet. You think your little experiment is strong, huh, well then. let's see how well it does against a real opponent." Jack started to laugh hysterically down the long corridor when his voice could be heard back at the booth. 
 "Some people in this world, shouldn't have the power they have," Owen said out loud and clear, making sure everyone had heard what he said in the booth. 
 "Does that include you?" Burnie asked. 
 Owen shrugged his shoulders. "Who knows." 
 The event had come to a finish for the day, and there were several surprises for more than one. The audience was excited to return to see everything tomorrow, and the students who hadn't taken part in anything were restless. When they all returned to the competitors' room, they were eager to go out on the platform for the evening to expend all the energy they had pent up. 
 Quinn and his group had decided to meet up at one of the coffee stalls. It was a bit late for coffee, but they wanted to discuss the possibilities that might happen to Peter, as well as update everyone about what had happened so far with Cia. They hadn't invited Sam this time, so they could talk freely, but did however plan to meet him tomorrow to watch the rest of the events. 
 Quinn was the last one to arrive at the coffee shop, and sitting outside was Logan, Layla, and Vorden. As he walked up and took a seat, he noticed one was empty. "Huh, where's Fex." 
 "He said he wasn't feeling well tonight and would join us a little later," Vorden replied. 
 The truth was, Fex had a prior appointment tonight. On the very top of Hotel four, if one was to look closely, they still wouldn't be able to see anything, but perhaps if one had a pair of binoculars, they would be able to see two figures. It was windy up at the top, but it was away from the eyes of any type of camera and was in a place that would have been hard to reach for many. 
 "Let me ask you something, dear brother." Silver said in a sarcastic tone. "Did you know about the illegal?" 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 320 Kill the illegal 
 After the fighting event matches had ended, the participants had been taken to the medical office to have their wounds taken care of. Even those who hadn't received anything major injuries still needed to have a quick checkup done to them. 
 For once, Hayley was pleased that she wasn't one of the only doctors in the whole place, and it seemed like the rest had everything handled. She felt like it was one of the most leisurely days in her life, but perhaps she had said that too soon. 
 In the middle of checking up all the students, she had been called over to check up on one of the students from their own military base. However, it wasn't one of the students who had taken part in the fighting tournament as she had first thought. 
 When she entered the hospital-like room and turned around the corner, she was surprised to see a short-haired purple female student. 
 "We don't know what's wrong with her." One of the nurses said as they took Haley around the corner. "It seems like she can't remember anything, her name, where she's from, what day it is. She's in a major shock, and we don't really know what to do; that's why we decided to call you over." 
 After being updated about the situation from the nurse, Hayley knew this wasn't going to be an easy one. For some reason, it seems stranger events than usual were happening this year. 
 The female nurse had left the room to leave Hayley alone with the student while she carried on to perform her other duties. As she left the room, she bumped into a man wearing the same type of scrubs as her. It was a male nurse. 
 "Is everything okay there?" the man asked. 
 The female nurse then looked around to see if there was anyone else down the hallway before spilling the student's details. The man looked concerned after hearing the information and wished her a speedy recovery. 
 The man continued to walk down the wall way and placed his hand by his ear. 
 "This is agent 66. I have an update on the situation." 
 **** 
 Inside the Pure metallic base, agent five was busy sitting at her desk in a quite a small spaced room. She continued to twiddle her fingers on the table as she thought about what to do. 
 She finally stood up from her seat and opened up a digital display with all sorts of photos and numbers on the screen. As she moved her hand slightly above the pictures and words, they would move with it. 
 "Agent 100 is no longer answering her communicator; according to agent 66, she did as asked and dropped out of the first round tournament, but due to the events surrounding agent 72, we no longer know if the information was received or not. The question is, why is agent 100 no longer answering her communicator?" 
 She then shifted her hand and brought up agent 72's information. Beside it, there was a photo of Cia. 
 "With her memories being completely wiped, agent 72 is as good as dead to us. We have no clue whether they were able to get anything out of her or not. Perhaps it might not be the best idea to go ahead with the attack after all." 
 It was a tough decision, and it all was up to agent five to make. 
 She closed down the holographic display and went back into her seat. 
 "I've decided, this operation is too risky, we will no longer plan to attack the event." 
 A decision had been made. 
 On the rooftop of hotel four, the two figures were the only thing standing there. The wind continued to blow up an intense high in the sky. 
 "Illegal? Who's done something illegal? this is the first time I've heard of such a thing," Fex replied nervously. He couldn't even look directly at his Sister, and continued to peer out of the corner of his eye to see what type of face she was making. When finally their two eyes met. 
 He regretted it instantly as it was one that looked like a demon. 
 "No more games, Fex, This has become a serious matter now." Silver replied. 
 This was it, he couldn't hide this from his Sister, and he had already expected a result such as this one to happen. Knowing fully well what was going to happen, he had already decided what he would do. He was never going to give up his blood brother Quinn. He saved his life, and in return, he would save his. 
 "Did you create that thing?" She asked. 
 "No." Fex replied in a composed voice this time, to show this was no laughing matter. "When I arrived, he had discovered the illegal, at first I thought one of the thirteen families had created it, but after realizing it was a Wight, I realized its master must have been close. I kept a close eye on who that could be and finally found out." 
 This piece of information needed to be revealed to her. The Important part of Fex's plan was he needed Silver to stop looking. Sooner or later, she would have gone looking and found Quinn by his smell. 
 "Oh. Since when did Fex become a little detective?" Sliver replied. "The law states we can kill illegals on the spot. If we know the creator is in the school, then let's finish off the illegal and return with the Vampire." 
 An expected response. His Sister was quite predictable because she always followed the rules and tried to deal with things the quickest way without getting others involved. This little piece of insider information was the only thing he could rely on. 
 Suddenly Fex went down on one knee and placed one of his hands towards the ground. He made sure to keep his head facing the floor to show the appropriate respect. This was something that Vampire only did to leaders, or lower ranks did to higher ranks. Although Silver was technically a higher rank than Fex, due to their positions within the family, he had never done this to her before, and it all came as a surprise. 
 "Please, Silver, let me deal with the illegal, and I promise I will bring the Vampire back to you tonight. You know I wanted to stay on earth as long as possible; the truth was I knew the family would send someone after me sooner or later. After I found an illegal here, I have been making notes and tracking the Vampire and them down. I thought when they would take me back if I also handed them in, there was a chance my punishment could be made lighter. I could use it as an excuse as to why I stayed here so long. Please give me till the end of tomorrow, and I will bring them both to you." 
 A part of what Fex had said was the truth. He really had planned this. He just never thought his Sister would be the one to get him. If he returned with the Shadow Vampire user, then his punishment would have been light. 
 Silver thought about this for a while. Fex had broken a severe rule but not enough to be put into internal slumber, but there was a chance he could be put into temporary sleep for hundreds of years. She would hate to be apart from her brother for so long. If Fex caught these criminals, then there was a chance the punishment could be lightened. 
 "Alright… I agree with your request but two things." She said. "One, not tomorrow, you need to do everything tonight." 
 "Tonight… but that's too soon… there're guards and everything protecting the…" Fex said worriedly. 
 "If you can't do it tonight, then I will do it myself tomorrow. This will be a test for you and the second thing. The Vampire must be brought to me, but the Wight must be eliminated." 
 He knew this was the best he was going to get, and in a way, it was a better result then he had expected. 
 "Fine, I shall bring the vampire to you…and kill the Wight." Fex answered. The two of them quickly vanished, and now there was no longer anything on the roof. It was as if nothing was ever there. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 321 I'm in love 
 Walking along the top platform slowly, Was Fex. His usual neatly swept-back black hair was now a complete mess. The stress of everything was getting to him and he felt like pulling his hair out. 
 More than felt like it. There were times while walking where he had literally pulled out small parts of his hair from his head. Nothing noticeable but he didn't even realise he had been doing it. 
 He needed everything to go perfectly and still felt relieved that his sister had actually agreed into letting him do everything on his own. The only problem was he had a time limit. He needed to finish everything by tonight. To pull everything off that he had planned, he needed some help. He couldn't do this alone. 
 Eventually, Fex had arrived at the small little coffee shop where the others were sitting outside. It was an hour later than they had planned, but it was still only seven PM, plenty of time for the rest of the evening. Sunrise was the time limit. 
 "Hey, is everything okay with you?" Quinn asked, seeing the mess that Fex's hair was in. He had been acting strange all day and now his appearance on top of this. Something must have been wrong, and now with the event over, he could ask. 
 With an awkward smile, Fex approached Quinn and started to whisper in his ear. 
 "Do you mind if just me and you can talk in private for a second, I have something important I want to talk to you about?" Fex whispered. 
 Hearing this, Quinn's heart started to beat, and slight butterflies were felt in his stomach. If it was something that Fex only wanted him to hear about, then it had to be something to do with vampire business. 
 The two boys left the group at the table and walked off slightly to the side. There was no one around them to listen in on their conversation, and they could now talk freely. 
 "So, what is it?" Quinn asked. "Did something happen?" 
 Fex went to fix his hair up and had a nervous look on his face. He never was a good liar, and today he had to put the performance of his life on. The only problem was he had to do it more than once. 
 "Quinn, you're going to hate me for this." Fex placed his hand on top of Quinn's shoulder and looked to the floor before lifting his head and looking Quinn in the eye. 
 'This is it, have the vampires come to get Fex. Do the military know about me, what is it?' Quinn thought nervously. His palms were now sweating, and he just wanted Fex to blurt it out as the tension was killing him. 
 "I'm in love with Layla.." 
 "What!" Quinn shouted out so loud that the others at the table could hear. It was something he had never expected, out of all the possibilities. 
 "Layla, I mean.. I mean.." Quinn started to stutter his words. He was so surprised. " I thought you had a thing for Erin?" Quinn said. 
 "Erin..No that was different, she was a skilful one like a diamond, but there were no feelings." He replied as he grasped his hands and pulled in towards his heart. He was trying to make it seem as if this was a painful conversation for him to have. 
 "With Layla, it's true love. I know you two are quite close and I didn't know whether you liked her either but the thing is, I don't know how much longer I can stay here, and before I go I want her to at least know my feelings." Fex then turned around so Quinn couldn't see his face. He wanted to make this as dramatic as possible for him. 
 There was always the chance that Quinn might have been able to see through this type of act. 
 "I know nothing can ever happen between her you see and me, but I want her to at least know, and I wanted you to know before I asked her, because you're my blood brother right?" 
 Suddenly, everything was starting to make sense to Quinn. No wonder he had been acting so strangely for the whole day. A confession was always a big deal. With Layla, Quinn didn't really feel like he had any special feelings for her. He did feel protective of her, but didn't know whether or not it was beyond a friendship. 
 Even if he did like her, Fex was so passionate right now. He could never deny him this chance. 
 But what he did know was Fex was right. The two of them really were blood brothers. 
 "Go ahead," Quinn said. "Make sure you tell her exactly how you feel." 
 After hearing those words, Fex's eyes lit up as he turned back around. 
 "That's great." He said as he started to push Quinn in the direction of the hotel. "Just head home, and I'll get the others to do the same, I plan to do it as soon as possible." 
 "You mean now?" 
 "Yes now, just go," he said as he gave another small shove. 
 With that, Quinn walked back to the hotel room with a little smile on his face. It would be nice if two of his friends became an item. But it was a shame if Fex did have to go back. 
 'Good luck, brother.' Quinn thought as he returned to his hotel room. 
 Seeing Quinn walk off and away like that, the others who were at the coffee table were wondering just what was going on. The two of them seemed to be so dramatic about something and were a little worried that Quinn had disappeared off somewhere. 
 Still, that quickly changed when they saw Fex walking towards them. He didn't have a face of joy or laughter like he did when talking to Quinn. This was the face of business. With his two hands, he swept back his hair and sat down in one of the seats that was placed around the table and the aura that was coming off him was suffocating them. 
 It quickly reminded them that Fex was not a human, nor was he a human that had been turned into a vampire, but he was a true vampire. 
 "Now that Quinn is gone, I have something important to say to you all. I usually joke around, but this time I'm serious. You may have many questions, but I urge you all to listen and hear me out to the end." Fex paused for a moment to see if anyone of them wanted to say something there and then, but they all understood it was an important matter and knew to listen in carefully. 
 "Good, The vampires have discovered me, and they know about Peter. They don't know about Quinn yet, but it's only a matter of time. I want to first say this is my fault. They only came because of me, but after finding out about Peter, they can't let him live. 
 "To explain quickly, he is something called an illegal. Vampires do not have permission to create others without notifying their leader. Since Quinn created Peter without a leader's permission, Peter is considered an illegal. Usually, when we discover an illegal, they are executed on the spot, as for the one who created him. They are taken back to the vampire council to be judged for their crime. 
 "Now, I Have no intention of turning Quinn into them. Ever since I got here, he has done so much for me. But they won't leave until I give them the Vampire that turned Quinn. With that, I have a plan. Luckily Peter knows the transformation skill, if we give him disguised as Quinn that should be able to satisfy them. I will report back saying I have killed the illegal while also giving them a fake Quinn. 
 "Here is where I need your help. There are a few problems with this. Everything needs to be done today. I have told them I would deal with everything. I will be going to break out Peter and for that, I think Logan you will be the best to help me. The second thing might be an even bigger problem. 
 "I'm sure we all know if I told Quinn of this plan, he would never agree to sacrifice Peter for himself. 
 "Even when I spoke to him earlier, he still thinks there is a way to save Peter. The truth is, this might be the only way to save him. The humans will experiment on him to no end, but the vampires will at least give him a quick death. Giving Peter to them is not enough to fool them. 
 "We can smell our own kind, and Peter himself is not a vampire but a sub class of a vampire. If I handed Peter over, they would be able to tell he was a fake in an instant." 
 Out from his pocket, Fex placed the flask on the table and put it in front of Vorden. 
 "During my time here, I have come to the conclusion that Vorden, you are the closest to Quinn. Whatever it takes you must fill up that flask with his own blood, but it's important he does not find out about this. I have a suggestion which I think only you could do, and that's to knock Quinn and force the blood from him. He is a curious one, if you try to come up with an excuse thier is a good chance he will follow you, and it will ruin the whole plan. 
 "By the time Quinn wakes up, we will have already been gone." 
 Fex had finished detailing out everything to the others, and they couldn't quite believe it. Both Logan and Vorden had suspected something like this would happen one day; they just didn't expect it to happen in the middle of an event like this. The other thing was they didn't even have time to prepare, they would have to act immediately. 
 Vorden picked up the flask and placed it in his back pocket. 
 "We have no choice, we have to do this," Vorden said. "But I have one question. Surely, sooner or later, they will find out that Peter is not the person they are looking for. What happens then? Will they come to look for Quinn again and what will happen to you once they found out you tricked them?" 
 The serious face on Fex had changed to quite a sad-looking one after hearing this question. It was almost as if he had prepared himself for something. "The vampires are careful ones. It will be a while before they send someone after Quinn. At least this will give him more time. Quinn is special even though I know that, he gets stronger by the day. As for your second question, that is not for you to worry about and for me to deal with." 
 With everything said and done and with no time to waist, the group split up and proceeded with the plan. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork follow on Instagram and facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 322 Finding power 
 In the middle of Fex's explanation, after hearing and learning that the matter had something to do with Quinn, a particular person had found out that he could be in trouble. In the dark backroom of Vorden's mind, Sil had stood up and was interested in what they had to say. 
 Most things seemed uninteresting to him, and with nothing happening so far that relied on Vorden using him, he had remained quiet. 
 He listened carefully while standing by Vorden on his left side and Raten was thier on his right. The explanation had just finished as Fex asked Vorden to gather Quinn's blood. 
 "Well...of course, we're not going to agree to that right?" Raten asked. "Hey, I know I'm crazy, and I'll fight anything, but do you remember what happened last time? He turned into that bald-headed monster. Sorry, but I'm not fighting in this one." 
 "Raten, didn't you just say you would fight anything?" Vorden replied back, annoyed. 
 "Sorry... I refuse to fight anything that's that ugly with no plus side. At least when fighting a beast we get a crystal out of it. A human, well that's just fun, but that." 
 After hearing what Raten had to say, Vorden was concerned and was hesitant whether or not to agree to the plan. Quinn was definitely strong. If it was the Quinn from a few months back, then maybe without Raten's help and a strong ability, he would be able to knock Quinn out and gather some blood. 
 Right now, he would need at least two strong abilities to increase his chances. It wasn't just a question of winning such a fight, but being strong enough to overpower Quinn to the point where he could win without having to badly hurt him. 
 He could always try to find an excuse to ask about the blood, but he couldn't think of anything right now and needed a backup plan in case that didn't work. 
 It looked like Fex's suggestion of beating and knocking him out was the best one. The question was whether he could do it without Raten's help. 
 "Say, we'll do it,��� Sil said all of a sudden. 
 This response came as a surprise to Vorden. The whole reason they had gotten close with Quinn in the first place was due to the way Sil saw Quinn. 
 "If we don't do this, the bad people will take Quinn away, right?" Sil asked. 
 It seemed like he had understood more than he thought. Vorden felt bad for underestimating Sil. Maybe he was slowly getting better. His mind returning to what it once was. 
 "Yes, you're right. If we do this, then the bad people won't take Quinn away." 
 With Sil agreeing to help and fight Quinn just in case, they decided to take the job and get the flask. 
 Vorden asked Layla to head back to her hotel room and prepare whatever she thought might help. In her room, there were still a few items she had from Pure that should be able to help block out the cameras around the place. The truth was, Vorden just wanted Layla to leave him alone while he made some preparations of his own. He didn't actually expect her to have some useful things. 
 If there was the chance he was going to fight Quinn, then he needed the strongest powers he could find, and he knew just the place to get them. 
 Inside her hotel room, Layla went under her bed and pulled out what looked like a small metal box. On the front was a keypad where she proceeded to input the code in her mind. Soon, the small metal box was opened, revealing the black ball that was usually in there. 
 This time though, the black ball looked a little different than before, as a blue flashing light was blinking on the front. This indicated that there had been a message left on it. Placing the blinking black ball on her bed, she chose to ignore it. 
 'No, I am no longer a part of Pure or that life.' With her palm faced towards the ball, she started to concentrate. Slowly, components of the black ball were being pulled out piece by piece. They were gradually lifted away from the black ball and eventually, the ball stopped blinking. 
 Inside the box, there were still a few more things inside. She quickly grabbed them and placed it in the pouch around her waist. They were special tools that she had been trained with her whole life, although she hadn't used them that much since it was her first mission and she hadn't really been given any tasks. 
 She quickly went to leave the room to meet up with Vorden at their designated spot. But before doing so, she turned around one more time and took a look at the black ball. As she closed the door, she muttered, 
 "Goodbye, Agent 100." 
 Most of the students were still outside enjoying the atmosphere, checking out the stalls and playing all the games. It was busier than the first day because the public had also been invited to check out the place as well. It wasn't too late, and everyone was filled with excitement. 
 However, Vorden was not one of these people. He continuously looked around the area to see if he could find the person he was looking for. Eventually, on his way to his destination, his search had led him back to the Block, Block game Quinn had played the other day. 
 There were more people stationed outside, and there was even a large queue. It seemed like the video had made the game go viral. While looking at the line, he could only see students making up the majority of the queue. There were some with high levels on their wristwatch, but he couldn't tell what their abilities were just by looking at them. 
 It was a shame that Berg, one of the Sunshield fire users, was taking part in the fighting tournament. The strongest students currently in the school were all underneath the arena and were in that event. 
 This meant Vorden only had one choice, but had no idea where to find them. However, it looked like luck hadn't given up on him yet, for the girly looking man who sat by them today, was also by the gaming area. 
 'Wasn't he one of the four leaders, the leader of the Graylash family? Owen, if I remember correctly?' Vorden thought. 
 Owen was wearing what looked like a fairly large traditional-looking gown. It covered him from his shoulders and went all the way down to his feet. It was white in colour and suited him well, but only made his girly features stand out more. 
 While Vorden was looking in his direction, the two pairs of eyes seemed to catch each other, and the man gave a wink. 
 Owen had left the booth of the game he was watching and decided to walk over towards Vorden. Seeing this, Vorden strangely chose to walk away from the premises, up to the ledge where there were next to no people. 
 'Oh, he wants me to follow him, huh. Well, this should be interesting,' Owen thought. 
 Owen decided to play along with whatever games the student had, remembering that both he and the other one had reacted strongly after witnessing the video. He had returned to the gaming area tonight, expecting for the student to perhaps return, gaming for he was the one in the video. The other students thought of the same thing, but it looked like that wouldn't be happening. 
 All the other students seemed dull and boring after witnessing the video. 
 As soon as the man had come over, without saying a word, Vorden had gone in for a quick and unsuspected grab. All he needed to do was get in a single touch, and the powers would be copied. 
 It was truly unexpected. Owen had expected that the student only wanted to talk, but his reactions were far quicker than the boys. Releasing that Vorden's intent was not to hurt him, he quickly thought that there must have been some other reason for this strange attack. There was no power behind this strike, and it was too sudden in front of too many people. 
 Owen quickly opened up his gown, and from his waist, he pulled out a metallic fan. He quickly spread it open and blocked Vorden's fingers from touching him. 
 However, Vorden was persistent and tried again with his other hand, but that too was knocked away. Not knowing Vorden's true intentions, Owen stepped back and initiated a small spark in his right hand. It was out of sight for others to see since his body was blocking most of it, plus he had purposely made it very small. 
 It was a warning. If Vorden tried to strike again, he wouldn't hesitate to use his powers. 
 'I have no choice,' Vorden thought. 'This is for Quinn.' 
 The look in Vorden's eyes suddenly changed, even being felt by Owen. He had never felt such a strong presence come from a student before. He thought that he was right to think those kids from before were interesting. Using the fan, he covered the bright smile on his face. Never before had a student made him feel this way. 
 "My name is Vorden Blade from the Blade family. Using my name, I request you to stand down. Answer my request and give me your hand." 
 Upon hearing the words spoken from the student, he now knew it was no laughing matter. The smile he had before dropped in an instant, and as quick as the smile had dropped, so did Owen with his request and gave Vorden his hand. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork, follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 323 The power of a secre 
 With his sizeable white gown and hair covering his face, Owen wasn't very recognisable to the outside people. Unlike the other family leaders, no one knew what he looked like. Today was the first time the newly appointed head was revealed, and that was only found out to the people in the booth. 
 Sure, there were some like Quinn and his group who had paid attention to who was sitting in those seats. But none that knew about the situation. When looking at someone so young, they would have never suspected them of being a leader. 
 The people around outside weren't even paying attention to such a thing that was happening off to the side. 
 They were far too involved in their own things or the gaming centre that was close by. After learning about Vorden's true name, he had no choice and gave his hand. 
 The excitement that was felt when following this student now turned into horror. Although his heart was beating rapidly and he was a little scared, there still was a little spark in the back of his mind. 
 'I wonder why he needs to borrow my power?' His curiosity to find out new and exciting things had always been his downfall. He even felt that his current views were different from the head and those around him. 
 Owen was always interested in the younger generation who was closer to his age. He wanted to know how they felt about the way things were currently run. 
 However, if he was to try to get involved or intervene in a situation like this, it would have possibly been one of the most dangerous things to do. 
 "Thank you." Vorden said, letting go of Owen's hand. 
 No matter how interested Owen was, now was not the time to get involved with such a dangerous individual. He took a few steps back and planned to get away but seeing his actions Vorden called out to him immediately. 
 "Wait." Vorden called out. "I want you to take me to where the other leaders are." 
 Hearing this came as a considerable shock to Owen, was he planning to use their powers too? The big four leaders powers were beyond a level 8 ability. It was to the point where it couldn't be measured. When looking at Vorden, it was clear he was a student, whoever he had trouble with or whoever he needed to deal with. Just his power alone should have been enough. 
 Now the excitement was too much, and he had even forgotten to hide the grin on his face. 
 'Maybe the events won't be so boring after all.' 
 With no choice, Owen walked, and Vorden followed behind. On the way, they quickly went to one of the stalls to purchase a change of clothing for Vorden. He too was now in a large white gown that was a little too big, as part of the back was dragging along the floor. 
 "Is this really necessary?" He asked. 
 "Of course." Owen chuckled as the two of them, continued to walk. 
 Eventually, they had reached their destination. It was a hotel room that was slightly larger and fancier than the rest, Hotel number one. This was where all of the higher class members that were invited to the event were staying. The rest had to get a train out to other parts of the city and come in early in the morning. 
 Before entering the building, the two of them stopped outside. 
 "Do you know how to use my powers?" Owen asked. 
 "Not everything, but I should be able to do something." Vorden replied as he started to twirl his hand around. Particular elemental abilities were quite similar in use but reacted differently when being used. An example of this was when gathering water. To gather water and wind, one did the same thing, but water would be a bit harder to control due to the weight and shape of it. 
 When twirling his hand in a circular motion, he tried to imagine the ability as a water one. Suddenly following the palm of his hand, a stream of electric would follow it. He continued to move his hands in a circular motion, and now a full circle of blue electrical light could be seen. 
 "Quick learner as expected," Owen said, impressed. "The kids at our school would cry in horror if they found out you could produce something like that on your first try." 
 Owen then opened up two of his fingers and created a connected spark, passing the blue lightning between his thumb to his finger. "This should do, there is no need to perform what you did before." 
 With the quick lesson over, the two of them walked up to the front of the hotel lobby where the guards were stationed. Owen was allowed to pass but Vorden was stopped. 
 "That kid is with me, he is a member of the Graylash family." Owen said with a wink towards Vorden. 
 He suddenly realised why now they had the quick lesson before. Opening up his thumb and his index finger, he had presented to the guards the same trick that Owen had shown moments before. There was no better proof that one was part of the Graylash family other than displaying it with their powers. 
 Usually, this wouldn't have been enough, but with one of the big four, who was also considered one of the leaders of the current United Earth Alliance. They allowed him to pass. 
 The elevator was taken to one of the top floors, and when they arrived, there were only a few rooms with large doors. These doors all had different decorations on the outside. In the centre of the double door going over the parting point. Was the engraving of the family's crest. 
 'No guards?' Vorden noticed. This was upon the request of the four themselves. They preferred it this way. Secrecy was a big part of thier power, and Vorden knew that better than anyone. 
 Right now, they were standing in front of what looked like a large shield with a flame on it. 
 Owen knocked on the door and was quite pleased he would be interacting with Burnie once again. 
 "Those blasted soldiers, I told them not to disturb me. I'm going to have to speak to Owen about this. This treatment is unacceptable." The ramblings of a deep voice man could be heard through the doors. It seemed like the man was trying to speak quietly, but he had one of those voices that would be carried and heard throughout no matter what. 
 The doors flew open wide and fast and in its place was a large round-bellied man, with messy Red hair. The trait of the Sunshield family. The instant the doors opened, Burnie's ears started to produce steam at the sight of the man in front of him. 
 "You." He pointed at Owen. "So it looks like you really wanted that fight after all. To come to my room in the middle of the night." He had completely ignored the person standing next to him and continued to focus only on Owen 
 In case things got ugly, Owen had placed his hand on his metallic fan. Vorden now realised if he was planning to use such a weapon against one of the big four, it couldn't have been a regular fan but a high-class beast weapon instead. 
 "As much as I would like to teach you to not judge a book by its cover. I have come for over reasons." Owen tried to explain, but it seemed like Burnie wasn't listening at all. 
 Flames from both of his forearms were slowly starting to appear upward towards his elbow, and a red hot tribal pattern was shown on his skin. This was something Vorden hadn't seen when he thought with Berg. 
 'Is it part of his soul weapon." Realising this, there was a chance this fight could get serious fast. 
 Owen quickly stepped to the side and presented both of his hands at Vorden. "This man is part of the Blade family, and he has asked for our assistance." 
 Hearing the name, Burnies reaction had immediately changed just like Owen's. The flames had died down, and the tribal Tattoos that went up his arm disappeared as well. 
 Burnie gave the person next to him one look, and knew what he wanted instantly, and presented his hand while looking away, making sure not to make eye contact. 
 "If that's all you came for, get out of here. I was just about to take a nice hot bath." Burnie said but now with a lot less anger in his voice. Making sure to not offend the person in front of him. 
 Now with two of the strongest powers in the world, Vorden was confident he could deal with Quinn. There was no need for him to get the Greylashes power and inform more people that he was here. Her power was to control beasts, and there weren't any around here, besides, even if there were it would be too difficult to move and would cause a huge uproar. 
 Then there was only Jack left. The newest addition to the big families. Unlike the other families, it had no history and was only recently created. The others had been going on for generations even before the war with the Dalki. IF Vorden was to ask him for anything, he wasn't even sure he would comply. 
 However, there was another reason. With this much power following through his body, if he was to meet Jack right now, there was a good chance he wouldn't hold back and burnt him to a crisp. It was quite possible it would ignite a war, and that wasn't his decision to make. He wasn't the leader of the Blade family, and if they found out he was abusing their name like this, even he could get into trouble. 
 "I don't have to tell you guys that I was never here." Vorden said. "but before I go. I need one more thing, is there a place or spot I can use where no one will know if I'm using these powers?" 
 Burnie huffed out a puff of hot air before answering. "There is, I often use it to cool down once in a while. They created the room with me in mind, and of course, there are no cameras, even if they were everything would have been burnt by now. It's an empty room with nothing inside, and the walls are soundproof. Whatever you're planning to do in there nobody will be able to tell. 
 "It's a place only permitted to be used by us, it was something I had to fight hard for them to make." 
 "Perfect." Vorden replied. 
 The two leaders had scary thoughts in their mind at what possibly could Vorden need the room for, and why did he need the two of their powers, but they didn't ask and only told Vorden where to go." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 324 The crazy 10th 
 Down the hotel lobby, the two boys Fex and Logan, were heading towards Logan's room. After finding out about the plan, Logan was happy to hear that his time hadn't been wasted. He informed Fex that plenty of things in his room might have been of great use to them. 
 During the walk to Logan's room, it was a quiet one, though. The two boys were hardly left alone with each other, and their first meeting was quite an eventful one. Fex didn't hold any hard feelings about Logan blasting him across the room but thought that Logan might have felt wrong about it. 
 However, Logan hadn't even thought about the situation even once before; the reason for his silence was just because he wasn't much of a talker when he wanted to be. When he had something to say, he would speak all out, explaining every little detail. But most of the time, he wouldn't be speaking, spending all his time thinking about things inside his head. 
 Still, Fex couldn't think of a better person who would be able to help him with this task. He had seen how helpful he was during the Truedream plan, and he needed his smarts. 
 The two of them entered Logan's room, and Fex's eyes opened wide at what he could see. Unlike the other places, Logan's seemed to be quite different from the rest. 
 "Is all this stuff yours?" Fex asked, still looking around the room in amazement. 
 "I know, it's a shame I couldn't bring more stuff with me, but at least I don't feel uncomfortable with all this around," Logan said as he proceeded to head to his desk. 
 The room looked like it had been completely converted. Each student was given the same size room, and the layout of the rooms was the same. Yet Logan, somehow, in the short time here, had managed to transform the whole place into a miniature version of his own room back at the academy. The desk was now filled with a laptop, that had multiple gadgets and wires attached to it. 
 The room had several other gadgets and chests around and about in different room areas, and digital maps and other things were displayed on the wall. 
 He then further realized that Logan had only just been knocked out of the tournament and spent very little time in the room. There were so many questions that Fex wanted to ask, but there wasn't enough time. 
 "I'm not sure if you knew, but if you didn't pick me to help you break Peter out from the underground arena, then I was going to volunteer anyway," Logan said as he pulled up a 3d model of the floor directly underneath the arena. "I wasn't too bothered about the event, I'm sure you know, but I was concerned about Peter. Incase Quinn or the others changed their mind, I tried and tried to find a way to help Peter escape. 
 "When trying to find a way from the dungeon, it was impossible for me as I had no clue what it looked like. But with the underground arena, I was able to explore and keep track of the guards and everyone's attention personally. I came up with a plan, but there was still a problem. Even if we could get Peter out, what do we do then? 
 "They would soon notice and prepare a search for him. Where in the middle of military base one, and we know where nothing is. With nowhere for him to go, breaking him out would be useless and would only further get us into trouble. It seems like my research will be put into use after all. I'm assuming you, or whoever was planning to take you already has a plan to leave this place." 
 Logan then proceeded to show and explain to Fex all the small details. Logan had kept track of where each camera was positioned and its range of motion. He even had the guards schedule planned in his head—the ones standing by the events as well as the two that were always by Peter's side. 
 The level of detail was incredible, and when looking around the room, he noticed there had been an immense amount of research that had been put into trying to get Peter out of the dungeon as well. 
 "I guess he means a lot to you. A true friend, huh?" Fex said. 
 Logan thought about this for a while. 
 "I guess," Logan replied. "After meeting Quinn, I have made a few companions, but Peter was more than a friend, he was an assistant, and it would be hard for me to find an assistant as good as him." 
 Fex was slightly confused by Logan's words. He couldn't imagine Peter being a good assistant, but soon released based on Logan's personality; Peter was probably the best one for him. Never asked any questions, remained silent most of the time, never went to sleep, and would do as asked. In a way, Peter was like a robot. 
 And the only thing Logan was surrounded by most of the time, were tech like things, a robot would be the perfect assistant. 
 With the plan and all the details ready, Logan left the room but not before erasing all the details off his computer. He then walked over to the corner of the room and pulled out a small metallic box. Once opening the package inside were six different masks that coverd the bottom part of one's face. 
 He then walked over and presented the masks to Fex. 
 "What's this?" Fex asked. 
 "Do you remember Quinn's mask? While making his, we went through a few prototypes. It was a waste to throw them away, so I decided to keep them and made some enhancements. The masks can communicate with each other as well as be used as a voice changer. It will be used to keep our identity hidden." 
 Looking down at the mask, he could see there were indeed plenty of designs, and that's when he noticed there was one that looked a little like a bull. It suited him well, especially since he had Ham still. 
 "I'll take this one." 
 The two placed the masks in their back pocket as they left the hotel room one more time and headed for the elevators. Once inside, they headed down to the first floor and were patiently waiting in the lobby for the next part of their plan. This was important as the timing had to be perfect. When the guards would change shift, this was their moment to get Peter out. 
 The two went over to a table that had several sofas placed around it. It was starting to get late now, so fewer and fewer people were beginning to pass through the hotel lobby area. Once again, the two of them seemed to be sitting in silence, and it was starting to drive Fex a little crazy. 
 They still had a good twenty minutes before they had to make their move, and he was wondering if he could last that long without saying anything. However, surprisingly Logan was the first one to speak to Fex. 
 "I assume you know a lot of V's, yes, Originally being from there and all?" Logan asked. 
 "V's?" Fex replied, then soon releasing what it stood for. "Oh, yeah, sorry. Yes, I know a lot. Why?" 
 "Do you know any that seemed to have an interest in computer systems of the sort? Or advanced in technology, perhaps even obsessed." Logan asked. After meeting both Fex and Quinn, he could tell there was a clear difference. When handing the mask over to Fex, Logan made sure to make contact, yet no message appeared like the one that had happened when touching Quinn. 
 This meant that the system seemed to be unique to Quinn. Logan was looking for answers to his questions and possibly thought there was a chance he could find out who created the book Quinn had been given. Whoever had made such a system it was way beyond anything they currently had. 
 "Honestly, the technology we uh... V's use is a little bit more advanced than what you have, but at the same time, it feels old. It's kind of hard to explain. I guess V's are quite traditional in a sense, so some are against using technology to better their lives, but we have to rely on it in some cases. Because of this, I don't know anyone specifically who is interested in technology, apart from a few of the young ones like me." Fex replied. 
 "Interesting… but then who created all your technological advancements if they are more advanced than what we currently have?" Logan asked. 
 Fex started to laugh nervously as he had never really thought about these types of things before. He just took the stuff he had for granted without thinking much about it. "I'll be honest; I have no clue. But when you asked about obsessiveness, it does remind me about a story the others used to tell me. You see, just like your head generals of each military base, we also have Leaders or Council members. Thirteen to be price, and number ten was always known to be… well, a bit crazy. 
 "Although he wasn't obsessed with the technology, he was obsessed with Magic. His powers were unique even for vampires, and I heard some of the vampires' advancements were due to him, but honestly, other than that, I don't know much at all. I'm still young for a vampire, and this was all past my time." 
 It was a long shot, but it was the only thing Logan could go off; perhaps if he ever obtained more information about vampires in the future, he could look into this 10th council member more. 
 Just then, they heard a beep from their watches. Indicating it was time for them to move. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 325 A love triangle 
 As soon as the timer had gone off, a few little spiders started falling down to the ground from underneath Logan's sleeve. The two boys continued their fake conversation with hand gestures and such. 
 "So, what's your favourite sandwich?" Fex asked, trying to make the conversation look a tad bit more realistic by asking a real question. 
 However, Logan looked as if he was really struggling to decide his answer. He placed his hand on his chin and looked up into a corner. 
 "Hmm, I would probably have to say cheese and onion. But since my body doesn't deal with cheese that well... I guess if we were talking about favourites, then it would depend on my cravings at the time. Regarding how the question is phrased, the best sandwich differs. Do you mean the best tasting? Best one for your health? Or perhaps the best ingredients?" 
 "Eh, I guess you can tell me all three then?" Fex's tone had a nervous vibe to it, as he wasn't expecting a real answer back. 
 The spiders had now fanned out, and once they had completed their tasks, they reported back to the server, namely, Logan. 
 In the middle of their intense conversation, Logan suddenly stopped and stood up. "Let's go." 
 The underground arena was accessible from any hotel room. It was designed this way so when contestants were eliminated, they could easily rejoin with their military base. This meant that each of the elevators were in some way linked. One would usually require a pass to go to the lower floors, but that wasn't a problem to worry about. Not for Logan anyway. 
 They continued walking through the lobby and headed towards the elevator area. Fex glanced at the camera in the corner and could see a spider falling from it before rejoining back up with Logan. Once the doors opened, they both stepped in. The cameras within and outside the elevators weren't able to capture their figures. 
 The cameras were set to loop footage for two minutes, once the time was up, it would then begin showing the live feed. It was currently night time and there were no other contestants that would be making their way from the underground up to the lobby. Once they were past these cameras, there would be no more problems since there were no other cameras in the underground section. 
 Logan could assume this was due to the same reason why there weren't any cameras at the school. Many students would be practising their abilities. Their families simply wouldn't allow them to spy and gather information by looking at what the students were doing. 
 While in the elevator the two of them placed both their masks over their face. 
 "So far, everything's going well," Fex confidently commented. "Now, Vorden, Layla, it's all up to you. 
 Without the blood, everything they were doing was pointless. 
 **** 
 Vorden told Layla to meet him just outside of the number one military hotel building. He even informed her that he found a place and everything was ready. All she needed to do now was bring Quinn over to the destination. 
 Since he already told her of his plan beforehand, there was no need for her to use her tools. There would be no cameras inside when Quinn entered the room with Vorden, her job there was to be the lookout. Although only members from the big four could use the room, that didn't mean they themselves wouldn't. However, there was still the slight chance that Mona Bree or Jack would try to use it. 
 Burnie had informed Vorden that this was extremely unlikely, in all the years the place had been built, it was never once used by them. In fact, he reckoned that he was the only one to have ever used the place. 
 She stood outside Quinn's door and took a deep breath before raising her hand to knock. It felt like the work she was doing now was more like the double-agent-type-stuff back when she was in Pure. These were the things that she had been trained to do, it seemed a little funny that she was still using it despite already leaving them. 
 "Okay, let's do this!" Just as Layla was about to tap the door with her knuckles, it suddenly opened. 
 "Layla, what are you doing here this late?" Quinn asked her. 
 "But... How…?" She started asking questions in her mind. 'How did he know someone was by the door?' 
 "Oh... You don't need to worry, I could smell you were coming" Quinn responded. 
 "Smell?" These words stung her a bit. She was tempted to lift her arms up to see if she really did smell that bad. 
 Upon seeing that she felt somehow insulted, Quinn realized that what he said just now could have been easily misinterpreted. 
 "No! I didn't mean that you smell... I meant like, you smell great," he said while blushing. "You know, because of my sensitive nose and all." 
 The both of them left the room and headed outside towards the military base once Layla said that she wanted to walk for a bit and that she had something important to say. Quinn thought that he already knew what the subject would be. It had to be about Fex's confession. 
 As the two of them were walking, they felt a little awkward because of their previous conversation at the door. Quinn didn't know what to say to make it up to her. While pondering over this matter, Quinn had fallen back a little and was walking just behind Layla. 
 He noticed that he was staring at her from behind a lot more than usual. Due to this, he started to think back about what Fex said, about how he wanted to inform him beforehand since he assumed that there was something going on between the two of them. And now, Layla asked to have a private conversation with him as well. 
 'No... It can't be…Does Layla like me? When she asked him to turn her, did she mean something else by it?' His mind couldn't help but have these kinds of thoughts. 'If Layla likes me... and Fex likes her, then that means... Oh no! I'm in a love triangle! If she's here to confess to me, then what do I say? I can't say yes to her… I can't do this to Fex.' 
 While his mind wandered about in this confused and crazy contemplation, the both of them eventually arrived outside a small building behind the hotel. Although it was very plain-looking, it was also large at the same time. This reminded Quinn of the storage room where he first found the Shadow Ability. 
 He wondered why Layla chose this place to converse with him, he could only guess it was due to it being away from everyone else. Layla then turned around and faced him. It looked as if she wanted to say something, but was also struggling on how to say it. 
 "I know what you want to talk about." Quinn decided to initiate the discussion. He didn't want the situation to be more awkward than it already was. "This is about Fex, isn't it?" 
 'How does he know?' She was surprised once again. 
 Feeling a bit contemplated, she started to speak, "Look Quinn–" 
 "You don't need to say anymore.." However, Quinn suddenly interrupted her. 
 "Quinn, Vorden is waiting for you inside," She blurted out before things really got out of hand. 
 'Wait…Vorden? How is he involved in all of this?' Quinn was now truly confused about what was going on 
 "Look, I just felt bad about lying, saying that I needed to speak to you. The truth is, Vorden said that he wanted to talk to you. He's inside waiting." Layla then walked over to the metallic-looking doors and inputted the code that Vorden told her. It really was nearly the same storage room back on the red portal planet. 
 At first, Quinn moved to the entrance, but he stopped just outside of it. Could he really trust Layla? 
 Because he didn't know what was going on, Quinn was starting to think that this was possibly a trap set up by Pure. Perhaps Layla was planning to double-cross him and was still working with them. 
 "Is Vorden really inside here?" Quinn turned around and asked while looking at her. 
 At that moment, a hand suddenly pulled him from behind. 
 "Just get in here, you idiot!" Vorden's voice suddenly piped up, he shuffled both him and Quinn inside as the doors shut closed. 
 When the motion-sensor lights automatically turned on, they could both see that they were in a large plain white room. There were no windows around, there was nothing except the door they just entered from. 
 When Quinn turned around and saw Vorden, his worries settled down since it seemed like Layla was telling the truth. 
 The look on Vorden's face was not one which greeted a friend, but instead, it was of concern. In just an instant, his expression changed, Vorden now had the friendliest smile that Quinn had ever seen. 
 "Eh? Vorden, are you okay?" Quinn couldn't help but ask. 
 "Vorden?" He responded while tilting his head to the side and placing his finger on his lips. "No, I'm not Vorden, did you forget my name?" He responded with a question. 
 This strange reaction made Vorden look almost like a handsome blonde-haired puppy. 
 'What's going on?' Quinn thought. He was quite baffled; it seemed like all of his friends were acting strange recently. 'Aren't I meant to be the weird one in our group?' 
 "Don't you remember? We met before, I'm Sil." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates remember to follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 326 Sil Vs Quinn 
 There were two outcomes between the situation with Vorden and Quinn. In Vorden's head, the best outcome would be for him to ask Quinn to put his blood in the flask kindly. If Quinn were to question why, he would simply tell him to trust him, and he would inform him about the details tomorrow. 
 However, knowing Quinn, he would try to get involved some way or another. On top of that, he would try following him. If the first part of the plan worked, then Vorden would hand the flask to Layla while keeping an eye on Quinn, making sure he didn't leave the room until everything was done. Hopefully, this would all lead to avoiding him fighting with Quinn. 
 Then again, Vorden was someone who always needed to prepare himself for all of the possible scenarios. There was a good chance that when asking for his blood, Quinn wouldn't do so without saying why, leading him to forcefully take the blood. 
 In both cases, these would lead to a fight. If this was to happen, Vorden wanted the fight to be over as quickly as possible, which meant he would need to utilise both of the abilities. 
 The second Vorden had pushed Quinn into the room. He had made the switch with Sil, so if anything were to happen, they would be ready. 
 "Okay, so remember what we've planned?" Vorden asked, standing right next to him. Sil was currently in the seat and Raten was standing a little bit further away from them with a smile. 
 "If you think for a second that this will go the way you expect it to go, then you're crazy," Raten said out loud with a little chuckle, waiting for disaster to strike. 
 "Repeat after me. I need you to trust me Quinn, and I need you to do me a favour. I don't want you to ask why, but I need some of your blood," said Vorden. 
 However, the words were simply ignored as Sil decided to do his own thing. 
 "But I'm not Vorden. Did you forget my name? I'm Sil." he said outward, looking at Quinn. 
 Hearing Vorden speak, it seemed a little strange to Quinn. Although it sounded like him, at the same time, it didn't. The emphasis on certain words, as well as the fluctuations in his voice, were just a tad off. 
 Not just that, but the way he was currently standing. Everything just felt wrong, and now he was saying his name was Sil? 
 "What are you doing, Sil?!" Vorden could not help but shout. "He can't find out about you!" 
 Sil turned his head and looked at Vorden behind him before responding, "Shut up. I can do what I want. It's my body anyway." 
 Vorden gulped as he took a step back. There was nothing he could do when Sil got like this. So he decided to just wait and see the outcome. 
 "It's been a while since we've last met." Sil giggled. "Let me ask you something. Are we friends?" 
 There was a brief pause as Quinn was trying to figure out just what was going on. 
 "Of course we are, Vorden," Quinn replied. 
 Sil shook his head rapidly back and forth as he stomped his feet in a peculiar manner. At the same time, flames from his feet rose into the air before dissipating. 
 "No!" He yelled. "Not Vorden. I already told you. I'm Sil." 
 Seeing a fire ability appear all of a sudden made Quinn take a few steps back. He knew this power belonged to one of the big four, so he could not help but wonder why Vorden currently had it. Something strange was happening here. 
 'Sil...why does Vorden keep referring to himself as Sil?' While thinking of this, Quinn started to think about the possibilities. 
 'Did Pure get to him? Or has someone with a mind control ability taken over Vorden's body? Perhaps, it might have even been a vampire.' 
 He didn't fully understand the capabilities of the vampires, so he thought this might have been their way to try and get rid of him once they found out. 
 Whatever the case was, it was clear that the person in front of him right now, wasn't the Vorden he knew. 
 "Why are you stepping back?" Sil said as he reached out his hand. "Don't be scared. Why are you scared…." Suddenly, tears started to flow from his eyes. They ran down his cheek before trickling to the ground. 
 "Don't be scared… Don't be scared…" He continued to mumble as he looked at Quinn. "Please don't be scared, Caser. I promise I will never hurt you again." 
 Although the words spoken were quiet, with Quinn's hearing, he could hear every word. He heard him speak of a name, which he did not know of. 
 "Please, Sil," Vorden yelled, trying one more time to reach out to him. He knew that if this went on, perhaps Quinn would be seriously hurt. The goal was only to get his blood and nothing more. "Quinn is not Caser, we need him. We are here to help him, right? You don't want him to go, so just ask for the blood…" 
 Making sure to not be too pushy, this was all that he could do while he silently prayed. 
 The words had gotten through to him, as Sil saw the worried look on his face. He grabbed his hand and placed it towards his chest while wiping his tears away with the other. 
 "He's right. You are not Caser." Looking up, he gave a smile. "Please remember my name next time. It's Sil. Since we're friends, I need to ask you for a favour." 
 Sil then went to his side and pulled out the metallic flask that had been given to him by Fex. 
 "I need you to fill this up with your blood." 
 Looking at the flask, Quinn noticed it in an instant. That was because it was the same one that he had been gifted with by Fex. This was the deciding factor in his mind. 
 'The vampires must have gotten to Vorden.' Somehow, they had found out. It was probably the reason why Fex had been acting strangely before. He now felt stupid for believing such an obvious lie. 
 'Did he betray me?' Quinn pondered. Perhaps, when he asked Quinn to leave that day, the vampires came and surrounded his friends. After that, they forced them to complete this task. He didn't know why they needed his blood, but he still had a lot to learn about vampires in the first place. 
 Then again, there was the possibility that they couldn't kill him outright due to him actually being one of the leaders. Still, whatever the case was, Quinn wasn't going to go down without a fight. 
 "I'm sorry. I can't," Quinn replied. "And Vorden, I don't know how, but I promise I'll save you." 
 With nothing left to say, Quinn activated his Shadow Quip ability. Dark shadows quickly covered his arms and legs, as well his new chest piece in the centre. He then quickly charged forward and left the clouds of shadows behind, but right now, his body was all of his equipment. 
 "I know how strong you are, Vorden. Hence the reason why I can't go easy on you." 
 'Activate Wind Walk.' 
 'Skill Daze.' 
 [Daze failed.] 
 "Quick, Sil! Take him out now!" Vorden shouted. 
 Sil quickly curled up, bringing his arms and head towards his chest. He then gathered the power of the fire energy around the centre. Soon, little flames could be seen on top of all his clothing. Slowly, they started to burn away even at the fire-resistant school uniform. The fire power was too strong. 
 As Quinn started to get closer, he could sense something was up. 
 "Shadow Control." Lifting up the shadow in front of him, he made sure to have it ready, prepared as a shield for whatever was to come. Once Vorden attacked, that's when Quinn would strike using his blood abilities. 
 At the moment, he still hadn't used his blood bank, nor his own flask, so his HP was low. This was another reason for him wanting to finish off the fight fast. 
 Enough time had passed, and Sil was ready. He suddenly extended his hands and head outward like a spring, causing a dome of fire to be released outward, heading in all directions. 
 There was nothing Quinn could do but brace himself with his shadow. As the outer edge of the fire dome grew closer, it had finally hit his shadow. 
 [MC Cells 0] 
 As soon as the fire had touched Quinn's shadow, it had disappeared in an instant, consuming all of his MC cells. This could have only meant one thing. The attack was just too powerful. 
 'Who's fire ability did he copy?' Quinn thought. 
 However, the shadow was able to cause a small crack in the dome, allowing him to pass through and come out of the attack unharmed. But now, with no more MC cells, he could no longer rely on his shadow ability, only leaving him with his blood abilities. 
 'It seems I have no choice. I have to use my blood bank. I'll just curb my addiction next time.' 
 But before he could even do that, a blue stream of light flashed before his eyes, and Sil, who was on the other side of the room, was now directly in front of him. 
 "Go to sleep, my dear Quinn," Sil said as he placed his hand on top of Quinn's head, and unleashed a fury of electricity through his body. 
 His body shook rapidly back and forth as the electricity passed through. He gritted his teeth, trying to take the pain, but it was too much for him as his vision slowly faded to black. 
 [1/95 HP] 
 [You have been knocked out] 
 As Sil let go of Quinn's head, he allowed his body to drop to the floor. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 327 I'm going to miss him. 
 Standing inside the small room looking at Peter directly In front of them. Fex couldn't believe it. They had successfully and quickly managed to make their way to Peter's room with no trouble at all. This type of thing could have only been done with extensive research and Fex looked at Logan in even more amazement now. 
 For Logan, his plan turned out better then he thought. Everything was easier then it would have been anywhere else, and the reason was that the military had kept to the same routine down to the last second. There were a few variables that Logan had planned out for but expected that he might not have needed them. When walking through certain hallways, and through the rooms, everything had turned out as he had expected. 
 Still, he had kept his spiders out to watch just in case. If they had made any changes to their routine, the spiders would have been able to see and inform him beforehand... There was only one tricky part of the whole operation, and that was due to the room Peter was in. 
 To keep an eye on Peter, he had been placed in a separate section compared to everyone else. A room made just for him that was void with contact to the outside. 
 On top of this, two guards were to be stationed by the door. This was better for both Fex and Quinn. 
 The military had expected an attack from the outside. The easiest time to attack would be during the event when the soldiers were busy and spread thin. If they caused a panic, they would be to busy with dealing with the public then dealing with the attack. They were confident in their measures and never expected someone from the inside to do anything. 
 Their main concern was with others or the students seeing them, so this was better for them all together. The two guards who were stationed at the front door were where Fex would come into play. The two of them stood just around the corner from Peter's room silently as they waited for the answer from above. 
 As soon as Vorden had successfully knocked out Quinn, they would act. If not, they would turn around and abandon the whole thing. They needed to wait because the only thing they could do at this point was to knock out the two guards in front of them and take Peter away. Logan had timed everything, so the shift change had just happened. 
 No one would find their beaten bodies for another hour. Which meant they needed to take Peter to Silver within the time frame. 
 Then a message had been received from above. 
 "He did it, and a lot quicker than I thought," Logan said, surprised. 
 From around the corner of the corridor, two spiders were released once again. They scaled up the wall and went above on the ceiling. They walked until they were just above the two soldiers' heads. 
 "You ready?" Logan asked as he could see Fex was fiddling with a string in his hand. This string was different from the usual type he would use. When Fex used his abilities before it would always be nearly invisible to the eye, but this string was dyed red like blood. 
 The ability had been infused with his vampire blood abilities to make it several times stronger. The only problem was it took some preparation time to use. 
 This was why he was unable to use it against the king tier beast before, at the same time he had already deemed it would be useless, for the king tier beast was far too strong. Still, for situations like this, it was perfect. 
 When Fex was finally ready, he gave the nod, and at the same time the spiders fell down hovering above the neck of the guards. Both of them felt something ticklish on their neck. One soldier tired slapping it, while another turned around trying to fling whatever was on him. 
 This small distraction was all that was needed for Fex to whip out his blood-red strings. Quickly they wrapped around their mouths like a spider web, before wrapping around their legs and pulling them to the ground. Then finally, their whole arms and legs had been covered. 
 They tried to break free from the strings, but it was nearly impossible for them. The spiders continued to move along their body, as it scanned for any traces of equipment that could give them away. The only thing that was found was a tracker that had been placed along with an alert button. However, the alert hadn't been pressed, so it was best to leave everything as it was for now. 
 The two of them entered the room, and they could see Peter standing there still. He had heard the commotion outside and was wondering just what was going on, but he had never expected to see these two. 
 Peter had already given up hope on being saved. 
 "I never expected you to save me," Peter said. 
 "Don't thank us yet, until you hear what we have to say. And it's not good news." Fex replied. 
 Back above ground, Vorden had now switched back with Sil. He had just sent a report to the others to proceed with what they were doing. 
 He hadn't extracted the blood yet as Fex had given him a warning and they needed to wait for the timing. He knew that Quinn was currently going through getting rid of his addiction. 
 Fex never knew about the connection Vorden had and never expected him to be able to get powers so powerful. He had hoped with Quinn going through the addiction, he would be weak enough to the point where it was easier for him to be knocked out and it seemed like it had worked. There were many times when Vorden had watched Quinn, he appeared to have been given two or three chances, as if he had more lives than one, but this time that hadn't happened. 
 However, this also meant there was a chance that during the fight, Quinn would be close to turning into a Blood sucker. He had been informed that there should be a flask similar on Quinn's body. Vorden searched and found an exact replica. The next step was to wait patiently for the others to get back to him, or until there were signs that Quinn was starting to change. 
 "We have successfully gotten Peter, we're coming up now," Logan said. 
 Everything seemed to have fallen into place. Layla had entered the room and was now standing by Quinn's side, both of them looking at Quinn's body. 
 "How do you think he will react when he wakes up?" Layla asked. 
 "I think he'll be pissed, but he will understand. He will soon realise if he was in our shoes, he would have done the same thing." Vorden replied. As he pulled out a small little dagger and proceeded to cut Quinn on the arm. Blood started seeping from the wound and fell into the flask. 
 "Do you think this is right, aren't we just sacrificing one life for another?" Layla asked. 
 "Don't forget, Peter had already been caught by the military there was nothing we could do. This solves both our problems. They never find out about the vampires, and for a short while it will get the vampires off our back." 
 [0/95 HP] 
 [Blood lust is at its maximum] 
 [You are now transforming] 
 The standard messages would appear, even though Quinn wasn't conscious. 
 Suddenly as the flask was filled. Quinn's body started to jolt up and down as it began to shake. Vorden knew what this was straight away. He quickly handed over the flask with Quinn's blood to Layla. 
 He then grabbed the other flask that was on Quinn's body, he held his mouth open with one hand while pouring it all in with the other. A few moments later, and the shaking had stopped. The veins and muscles that were bulging had calmed down, and it looked like everything was safe for now. 
 [Multiple blood types has been consumed] 
 [calculating stat increases] 
 [...] 
 [..] 
 "Here take this as well," Vorden said, handing over the second flask. "Fex said for Quinn to keep it, but I'm afraid it might only bring us more trouble in the future, give it back to him. Don't worry about me and just go." Vorden shouted. 
 Before leaving, she took one look at Quinn, there was a good chance that his current life now would be hers. Always running away, but still. At least Quinn isn't following anyone, he chose to do things his own way. With that, she ran off out of the building. 
 "Don't wake up Quinn," Vorden said. "It's for your own good." 
 **** 
 Outside, the two boys had returned with Peter, they had given him one of the masks to wear for now in case the other students outside would see him. Although it was pretty late now, and nearly all of the students had already returned to their rooms. 
 Layla came running out towards them, as they met on the platform a little away from military hotel 2. She could see the three boys in their masks, and she had to admit, it looked a little intimidating. The masks had a scary look to them in their designs and made them all appear as demons. 
 "Do you have the blood?" Fex asked. 
 "It's right here," Layla said, handing over the flask. She then quickly pulled out the second one and handed it to him as well. "Vorden said he knows you mean well, but there is a chance others could come looking for it." 
 Fex wanted to say no, he wanted Quinn to at least have something to remember him by when he left. This was a gift, but at the same time, he would just be selfish otherwise if he insisted. It was true, if humans found the flask, there was a good chance he would be investigated. He took the two flasks and then grabbed Peter by the arm. 
 "Tell Quinn he doesn't have to worry about the vampires, there are no vampires stationed at military base two, nor are there any at the other military bases now. Once I leave with Peter, he will have nothing to worry about for a good while. I don't have the time to say goodbye to you all, and neither does Peter. I wish you all good luck in the future." Fex said, as he grabbed, Peter and took off into the distance. A cloud of mist seemed to incase the two of them, and when the mist had settled, they no longer could be seen. 
 Layla and Logan didn't even have the chance to even say their final words. 
 "You know, when Fex first came I kind of hated him, especially with everything he did to Erin," Layla said. "But he really was never a bad guy, I'm going to miss that idiot." 
 "It will certainly feel weird without him and my assistant, good luck to you two as well." Logan said. 
 *** 
 For MSV artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 328 Goodbye Fex, Goodbye Peter 
 Before they had left Peter's room, both Fex and Vorden had updated Peter on the whole situation. They informed him of the plan and troubles that came with it. 
 Without hesitation, after being told what needed to be done, Peter had agreed. After hearing this was all for Quinn's sake, he was happy he would actually be of some help to his creator and saviour. 
 However, the sudden response seemed strange, Fex thought. Sure, Wights were loyal to their creators, but not like this. One would have to command an order and be forced to do so due to the bond of blood, but Peter seemed to have been so accepting over the whole thing. 
 "I can't guarantee what will happen to you when they find out," Fex said. "You could be killed." The words spoken were trying to deter him. 
 "It's okay, Peter." Replied. "Better than being left in the hands of the humans. Besides, if I stayed, there is a good chance they would find out about all of you, and I wouldn't want anything to happen." 
 Hearing these words had put a smile on Vorden's face. 
 "Peter, you really did change for the better. And I don't think it's just cause you're a Wight now." said Vorden. "When you first evolved, you seemed cruel and distant, but those words right there. They didn't come from the Wight version of you or the old Peter. Right now, I see a new man." 
 Hearing Vorden's words just confirmed Fex's strange thoughts further.. Wights were relatively short-tempered and evil in nature. Sure Peter had shown this a few times, but it wasn't to the degree of Wights that he knew. Perhaps this was the influence of Quinn's will on the creator. It was a shame as it seemed to be progressing slowly; Peter started to change away from the standard Wight. 
 "Let's go," Fex said. 
 ***** 
 After parting ways from the others, Peter was taken to a safe, secluded place out on the platform, away from the meeting point with Silver, as well as away from the others. The masks were now returned, and right now, Peter had transformed his face to look like Quinn. If anyone were to see the two of them, they would just think they were nothing more than two students having a laugh. 
 There was no chance for someone else to spot Quinn either, as Vorden was keeping an eye on him in the special training room. 
 "Do you hate me?" Fex asked. 
 "No," Peter replied instantly but gave nothing more back. 
 "I hate me," Fex said. "You know I thought I might get attached to this place and hate to go back home. What I didn't expect was that I would get attached to the people rather than the place. I can't help but think that they all had to go through this just because of my selfish wants." 
 "The vampires would have come for Quinn anyway," Peter replied. 
 "What do you mean by that?" Fex asked. There was no reason to send any of the vampires to the military base. They had only come out to search for him. 
 Peter hadn't replied because he didn't know why the vampires would come after Quinn. All he knew was before, Quinn would often say that, it seemed like for some reason he was trying to get stronger as fast as possible, as if he was preparing for a threat ahead. 
 "Oh, I think I know," Fex said, giving his own answer and coming to his own conclusion as usual. It had to be something to do with the shadow powers. There was a good chance that Quinn's master was part of the old punishers. If they were still around. If the others knew about this, they certainly would send people after him. Even if Quinn's master wasn't a punisher, the others would want to get their hands on Quinn's power for themselves and find out which family was in charge of Quinn. 
 'I never did find out the truth behind him.' Fex at first was very curious but soon felt bad about trying to find details of what he would now call a friend back .It just felt wrong and wasn;t in his nature to do things like that. 
 "Here, take this," Fex said as he handed the flask over to Peter. After opening the lid, Peter gulped down the whole drink in one go and suddenly had a strange feeling in his chest. 
 *Bump 
 *Bump 
 It was something he hadn't felt in a while, and it was all a little alien to him. 
 "The sound…my heart, its' beating again!" 
 As the blood fell down his throat and reached his heart, strange energy was felt all around. The blood was now being pumped from the heart all over the body. He could feel it moving through his veins. It felt as if his insides were on fire. For anyone else, it would be a painful experience, but for Peter, it was a joy. For it was the first time he had felt pain in a while. 
 "What is this?" Peter asked. 
 "It's your master's blood; usually, there would be no reason to do this to a wight. Their strengths are the fact that they can't feel pain; if anything, this makes you seem more human. Anyway, don't be too happy, the effects are temporary.�� Fex explained. "Our powers come from our blood, and right now, Quinn's power is inside you. Right now, the feeling, the smell, and even the look. With all this, I wouldn't be able to tell who I was looking at. As in terms of powers, although your attacks and such will be healthy, you still can't produce any blood attacks like we are. 
 "Also, I would urge you not to fight or test out any of your powers. At most, I see this lasting a week. Day by day, the power will slowly start to fade, and sooner or later, they will find out. If you start using that extra strength of yours, it will only go away quicker." 
 Fex then took a deep breath as he started to walk off to one of the military bases. "Leave all the talking to me." 
 Once again, Silver was waiting patiently on top of the roof of building four. In her hand was a rectangular looking device that looked identical to the one in Logan's room. It was a portable teleporter. 
 She had trust that her brother would complete the task, although he was a fool, he wasn't one to break promises. When he said he would finish it, she already knew he would get it done. 
 "You're here." She said, as two figures jumped up from the side. 
 "Oh." Silver replied, seeing that the person she had brought with them was still fully conscious. 
 "As you requested, this is the vampire who had made it illegal. I had been tailing him a while and explained everything had happened. When I told him that a vampire night was here to catch him, he immediately turned himself in, knowing there was no need to fight." 
 A vampire knight, a class that was designated just below the vampire leader. It was a unique role as each family was able to designate only two vampires in their family. They would mostly be in charge of running things or giving orders if the vampire leader wasn't present. Because of this, to be able to be elected into such a position. One would need a strong power to keep the others in the line. 
 Seeing the beautiful women in front of him, Peter felt nothing. Yet, for some reason, that seemed to worry him even more. When he had first encountered Fex, his wild energy could be felt throughout; one could tell he was strong. But with Silver, it was calm; it was as if she wasn't even there yet clearly she stood right in front of him. 
 "And what of the illegal." She asked. "I have taken care of him and gotten rid of the body, but since he and this one are registered students. They will soon find out about them. I suggest we leave as soon as possible." 
 Silver walked over to Fex slowly; the sound of her boots hitting the floor was heard. Everything had been prepared for this moment, and he had answered perfectly, now he just needed her to believe him. However, he was too afraid and didn't want to look up for even a second. 
 Suddenly, he felt a hand on his hair. Silver ruffled it up and gave it a little pat. "You have done well, little brother. I will tell the family of your good deeds here, and they shall lighten the punishment." 
 The square portal device was placed on the ground, and a unique digital number was imputed. The contraption started to open itself up slowly piece by piece until it had finally connected. 
 Fex quickly tied up Peter's hand behind his back with his string ability and pulled him along. 
 'Goodbye, everyone.' He said in his head as he stepped through the portal, with Peter following form behind. Soon after, Silver threw a small circular ball on the floor and stepped through herself. 
 The small circular ball started to blink red and made a beeping sound, the blinking along with the sound, started to get faster until *BANG. 
 The ball had exploded, destroying everything in a two-meter radius. Including the portal, no one would be able to follow their traces to the Vampire's home. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, Remember to follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 329 The tenth sea 
 Slowly it seemed like Quinn was coming to. A few grunts were heard here and there as he started to lift himself off the floor. He felt pain in the inside of his body, which was a strange feeling, but the outside of his body had mostly healed from the attack as well. 
 When he had opened his eyes, he was greeted with several messages that had appeared while he was knocked out. 
 [50/95 HP] 
 [Hunger has diminished] 
 [Transformation has been cancelled] 
 [Multiple blood types consumed] 
 [Stat points allocated] 
 [4 free stat points remaining] 
 Quinn quickly tried to get his head around what the messages had meant and tried to remember his last moments. Suddenly, he started to remember he was in the middle of a fight, and it was with Vorden. It hadn't lasted for long; the only thing he could guess was that he had been knocked. 
 'Transformation cancelled… I see it's all starting to make sense now. I must have been knocked out in the middle of the fight. I was low on HP in the first place and started to transform. The stat increase and the HP regained must have been from the blood in the flask.' 
 When Quinn had found out he was getting addicted; he decided to stop consuming blood daily; however, he soon realized that it didn't mean he had to stop collecting blood from different students. After placing one of the students' blood in the flask, he later collected other students' blood and placed it into the container. 
 When his HP was low enough, he would consume the flask with all the blood in it, giving him a boost in stats as well as helping him get rid of his addiction. 
 [Status: stats] 
 [Strength: 26] 
 [Agility: 27] 
 [Stamina: 21] 
 [Charm: 28] 
 He had also obtained four more free stat points to be used wherever he wished. 
 'I'll continue to place it into charm for now.' He thought. The reason for this was no student's blood type would directly increase the charm stat like the others. On top of this, currently, he knew of and had found no equipment that did such a thing either. While all the other stats still had the benefit of higher tier equipment. 
 His plan had significantly worked. As long as he had the flask, he could continue to do this without addiction to blood. 
 He reached around his side and went to grab the flask. Right now he felt so overjoyed that he wanted to grab it and kiss it. 
 'Huh, Where's the flask?" Quinn thought as he panicky started to grab around his waist, but could find nothing. 
 "So you're finally awake," Vorden said, making sure that he was a few feet away. He didn't know how Quinn would react about the whole thing and made sure to keep his distance. 
 Hearing the voice made Quinn spring up into his feet, and instantly he got into a fighting stance. 
 "Shadow equ.." 
 "Wait! Wait! Wait! It's me; I was the one that gave you the blood, Quinn calm down." 
 "What's your name?" Quinn asked. 
 "I'm Vorden; it's me Quinn. Remember, we went to the red portal planet together, and you turned into that Bloodsucker? If you want proof, I can even go into detail about how you ate..." 
 "Stop, stop… I believe you." Quinn said, not wanting Vorden to remind of what had happened back then. 
 "What happened to you, Vorden, was it you that attacked me? Was it Pure? What's going on?" Quinn asked. 
 "Do you remember a while ago when I said if there were some things you found out about me, I would have to kill you?" Vorden replied. "At the time, it probably seemed like a joke, but I was quite serious. There are some secrets that even I have, Quinn, but that's not important right now." 
 "What do you mean it's not important right now!" Quinn shouted back. "You, Or Sil, or whoever it was just fried my arse." 
 "There's something you need to know; it's about Peter and Fex. I promise I'll explain everything." 
 The trust between the two of them had been partially broken, and Vorden could see that. So he made sure to stay a few feet away from Quinn while explaining the details of what had happened and why. What Fex's part in all of this was and what his part of it was as well. 
 Once he explained everything, there was silence between the two of them. Vorden had been prepared for a telling-off, a scolding, or even sadness, but there was no reaction at all. 
 After a few moments, Quinn started to walk towards him, with his head down. Seeing this, Vorden gulped and moved to the side out of the way. However, Quinn continued to move forward until he had eventually reached the door. 
 "Quinn, aren't you going to say anything?" Vorden asked. He just couldn't stand the silence anymore. 
 "I'm disappointed, in not just you Vorden, but everyone. Since when could you not trust me to make my own decisions? Even worse. When did you guys start making the decisions for me." 
 Looking around at the door, Quinn lifted his hand and swung his fist into the door as hard as he could. 
 "Open the damn door!" He shouted as he slammed his fist into the metal door again. 
 It was sturdy as it was made out of glathrium and even the strongest people could not do anything to the door. Quinn lifted his hand and proceeded to punch it again, this time the skin from his knuckles ripped, and there was a bloody fist mark left on the door. 
 [49/95 HP] 
 Seeing this, Vorden hurried over and inputted the code at the side, allowing the doors to open. As soon as they did, Quinn continued to storm off and away. 
 "Wait, Quinn! Where are you going? You're not going to try to do anything, are you? They're already gone." Vorden said, afraid that he might go looking for them, which was pointless. 
 "I know." Said Quinn, "I can no longer feel Peter's presence. It's too far away. I just want to be alone for a bit." 
 Sometimes one needed space and time to heal. Vorden knew this better than most and decided to let him go for now until he had calmed down. 
 When outside, Quinn continued to walk around the large platform in a circle. As he went by, he looked and went past each of the military hotels. He was thinking about everything that had happened until he had eventually stopped and started to look over the ledge down into the arena floor. 
 'I can't blame them, they did what they thought was best for me, and Peter, who knows what would've happened to him. The only person I can blame for being in the situation I'm in is myself. I'm just too weak. Too weak to help Peter, too weak for Fex to even rely on me. 
 'And Fex, at first I didn't really trust him, but it seemed like he really did keep his word till the end. He didn't give me up to the vampires, and everything he did was to protect me.' 
 "System, do you know what will happen to Fex and Peter once they find out Peter's real identity?" Quinn asked. 
 "Honestly, I'm not too sure. It seems like a lot of time has passed, and as the world changes, so do the rules. Although vampires usually stay relatively close to tradition. A trial will be placed where the council shall decide their fate. If you want me to be really honest with you, they will kill Peter. 
 "They will assume he is something called an illegal since he won't be in their files. What they don't know is that Peter is not an illegal." 
 "What do you mean by that? Fex said that a vampire that wasn't created by one of the thirteen leaders, or at least didn't have their permission, would be considered an illegal correct." 
 "Yes, but don't you remember when you created your own family. Peter is part of the Cursed family. Do you also remember when I told you to keep this a secret from other vampires no matter what? Well, I suppose it's time it told you the truth." 
 "Quinn, when you created that family, you became one of the thirteen leaders. Your family name has taken over the missing tenth seat." The system explained. 
 "Wait! Does that mean if I tell them who I am, about the family, then Peter will live, and Fex won't get in trouble?" Quinn asked. 
 "No." The system replied instantly. "Think about it, why do you think the tenth family seat was empty in the first place? I can't stop your destined fate in the future, Quinn, but I can delay it. You inform them of who you are now, and you will become a target of them in an instant." 
 "Then, explain to me, explain what happened!" Quinn shouted in his mind." Could you explain to me who you are? And explain to me what happened to the tenth family. And don't give me this crap that you can't tell me." 
 Quinn already had some ideas and guesses of his own who the system was, as slowly everything was starting to be revealed. However, there was no point in overthinking it until he could confirm his guesses. 
 "I'm afraid I cannot tell." 
 "You're useless," Quinn said as he continued to storm off back to his hotel room. 
 Inside the Military Base One hotel. On one of the top floors, an urgent knock was heard at one of the big four's doors. 
 "Sir, please answer immediately. We have a report from Duke." A man said, desperately trying to get into the room. 
 Jack immediately answered the door after hearing Duke's name. If it was something in the middle of the night, it couldn't have been good news. "What is it?" Jack asked. 
 "It's about the student, Peter. He's missing." 
 ******* 
 For MVS artwork and Updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 330 DID? 
 Inside an elegant large room with a modern-looking design, Jack was sitting there, patiently tapping away at a desk in the corner. Standing by his side were two reasonably large guards. He always had someone by his side, no matter what, due to his unique situation. He wasn't like the other big four family members, for they believed in their own strength. 
 He knew the others looked down on him because of this but he didn't care. 
 The two guards who stood by his side weren't the same pair as the time when he had visited the military base. After their mistakes, he decided to give them another role and had replaced them. Jack's way was the only, and very rarely did he give people second chances. If one was to mess up, he could always take their power away before giving it to another. 
 The tapping continued, and the guards were now looking at Jack out of the corner of their eye as it seemed to be getting louder and louder. 
 "Damn it!" He shouted as he slammed his fist on the desk. "It has to be Pure, once again, they got the upper hand and managed to get rid of him somehow, and there isn't even much I can do." Jack Said. 
 For this one, Jack was on his own. He hadn't informed Oscar or any of the other military personnel about Peter, how he was most likely a suspect of Pure. This was because he wanted to do everything himself. The only person who had been helping him along the way was General Duke. 
 Duke was always the one who assigned two guards to be kept on Peter, and decided who he would go up against and the Ref while the others knew nothing. 
 He couldn't ask for their help, and he couldn't start turning this place upside down, trying to look for an insider. Otherwise, they would find out. They would then question Jack's motives and put all the blame on him. Although, he was in the position where it wouldn't be too much of a problem, he still just didn't want to deal with it. 
 The others didn't like him in the first place. He Knew that the other three regretted ever inviting him into the big four. The only reason why he was able to stay in his position of power was due to his great relationship with the military and oscar. 
 There was a good chance what he had tried to do would sour that relationship,and the others would use this opportunity to break it. 
 The worst part about this whole mess, was that now he had to make sure the others and military wouldn't find out about it; he was the one that now needed to cover up his own tracks. 
 Iit was decided. A report was sent out to Duke with further instructions. Peter would no longer be taking part in the tournament due to an emergency matter.What emergency matter he would let him decide. When they returned to the military base, he would let Duke handle the rest. The disappearance of one student shouldn't be too hard to do in his position: an attempted runaway, a suicide. There were many different options they could put Peter's disappearance as. 
 "Pure, I promise if I ever find out where your base is. I'll send my whole army after you and crush you." He said, squeezing his fist tightly. 
 The next day had arrived, and it was now morning. The events were not set for some time yet, and the main events even later. That's why Quinn found it very odd when he had a knock bright early in the morning. 
 Before even opening the door, though, he knew who it was. He paused for a second and then braced himself before opening it. 
 "Vorden, why are you here so early? The events don't start later." Quinn said, trying to make things seem familiar between them, but it was clear that it wasn't. 
 "Am I allowed in?" Vorden asked. 
 "Come on, don't be like that... Please. The more you act differently, the more you will remind me of the crap you pulled." Quinn said. 
 Once inside the room, Vorden carried on walking and headed for the outside window. The bright light shined on his golden hair and handsome face. When looking at him now, the sadness in his eyes made him look like an abandoned prince. 
 "I wanted to tell you about yesterday, before you go asking. You're right; it's not fair that I keep all my secrets while I know all of yours." 
 Quinn himself was now feeling a little guilty as he hadn't told the others everything, but it wasn't like it was a big deal to explain to them how his powers worked. How it was a game like a system, even if he did tell them it wouldn't have changed anything. 
 "How much do you remember before you were knocked out?" Vorden asked. 
 "You mean when you were screaming that your name wasn't Vorden and you were Sil. Or when you nearly roasted me like a chicken before then zapping me?" Quinn replied. 
 "Well, it looks like you remember everything then." Said Vorden. "Like I said, yesterday that was me. There was no mind control or anything. Sil and I are the same person." 
 "Vorden, you're going to have to be clearer than that." 
 "I really can't go into details, but have you ever heard of DID?" 
 Quinn paused for a second as he thought about it. The strange actions, the fluctuations in voice, it indeed was like he was a different person. Suddenly, a memory came back to him. There was one time he had met Sil before. When he was being questioned. Quinn always wondered how Vorden had gotten away with the lying test back then. He thought he had borrowed a mind swap ability at the time, but what if that wasn't the case at all. 
 "You mean you have split personalities?" Quinn said, shocked. He had heard of things like this before but had never seen anything like this in person. He also never realized how separate these personalities were. He always thought if he was to meet someone with DID it would be similar to a person who had mood swings. But the way Vorden had acted was almost like two people were living inside one body. 
 "I can't go into many details about how or why not yet anyway, but I will tell you one thing. I can copy only one ability. In comparison, the other one can copy three. That's why I needed to switch with him yesterday when fighting you." Vorden explained. Purposely, Vorden avoided telling Quinn about Raten, having to tell someone this was hard enough, and he wasn't able to go into details about the whole thing anyway. So, for now, he would keep it as simple as possible. 
 "Vorden, why didn't you tell us this. I told you about me being a vampire, right? If you told me, or even the others, we would have understood." 
 "Do you know why I'm telling you this, Quinn? Because I want to regain your trust. You trusted me, and now I'm trusting you. Vorden then held out his hand. 
 When Looking at it, it reminded Quinn of the first day the two of them had met. He was the only one that reached out to him; ever since then, the two of them had been through all out. Then he remembered something else, the three of them had gone through a lot. There was also Peter. 
 "I trust you, Vorden," Quinn said, shaking his hand. "But that doesn't mean I don't think you make stupid decisions. So, do I get to meet this guy at some point? Maybe we can be friends?" 
 Vorden laughed but chose not to say anything back. If Sil had heard this, he would have been running out from his corner and had taken over the seat in an instant. 
 When approaching Quinn back then, when they had first met, he did so because he was a level one. Often low levels looked at the world differently due to how they were treated. But after Sil had gained an interest, it meant now his life would revolve around Quinn. However, Vorden was happy that Sil had taken an interest in Quinn. He felt like the two of them were no real friends. 
 "I also came here for something else as well," said Vorden. "I was hoping to come here before they did, and it looks like I beat them." 
 "They?" Quinn replied, slightly confused. 
 "Did you forget? Now that Peter isn't there, that means the substitute will have to take his place. They should be here soon to take you underground." Vorden explained. 
 "Oh! I completely forgot about it; I never thought this would even happen. Oh, well." He said, shrugging his shoulders. "I guess I'll just lose the match." 
 "Do you really want to do that, Quinn?" 
 "What do you mean… I have to?" 
 "I'm asking you again, do you want to lose the match?" 
 Of course, Quinn didn't. For the longest time, ever since he had gotten his powers, he wanted to show all those people who thought he was weak, all those people that bullied him what he could do. And more than ever, He tried to beat whatever net Truedream had set up for Quinn. All this mess in the first place was because of him and sick ways. 
 "We can fight." Said Vorden. "On the red portal planet, we came up with a plan, remember. If they discover your powers, then I would tell them that my family was backing you. We can use that today. Before Fex had left, he said something. He told us that he and the one who came to get him were the only vampires on the military bases. That there were no others." 
 "At the time, I was wondering why he needed to tell us that. It is always better to be careful just in case, right? But I think he knew what was going to happen once Peter was taken. He was telling you to go crazy, not to worry. 
 With Vorden using his original family name, they would no longer be after Quinn for the ability book. They would assume it was with Vorden's family. The other problem was the vampires. Even If they weren't here, there was always the chance they would find out about him, but did that really matter anymore. 
 It was only a matter of time before they found out about Peter, which would eventually lead them back to Quinn. 
 "If you're ready." Said Vorden. "Then, I am as well." 
 "I don't want to hide anymore," Quinn replied. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 331 The new guy 
 NOTICE: WEB NOVEL ERROR (THIS NOVEL IS NOT ENDING SOON PLEASE IGNORE) 
 Before leaving Quinn on his own, Vorden had a few last words to say to him. Hearing these words, he now knew what to do and was confident. 
 Right after Vorden had left, he was on his own in his room. His heart, although beating slowly, was beating loud and strong. New rising energy was felt surging through his whole body. 
 'I wonder why I'm so excited?' 
 While being left on his own, he had time to reflect on everything and everyone that he had met so far. After finding that book and coming to the military school, he had a crazy journey he had never expected. More than anything, he didn't think there would be others who would join him along the way. 
 'A genius hacker, a terrorist or double agent, a vampire and an undead. Then you have the ice queen, and finally, the only one who I thought was normal, turns out to have a split personality.' Quinn thought. 'I guess these were the only friends I could make. What they say is true, crazy people attract other crazy people." 
 Yesterday night, while on his walk, Quinn had regained all of his health points. As long as he wasn't hungry and needed blood, his body would naturally regenerate on its own. But if it did, it would make it also so he was hungrier sooner. This made it hard for him to tell how practical the single session of restraining himself was. 
 From the way Fex described it, as long as he wasn't drinking blood daily as he did before, then it shouldn't cause much change. He didn't know how much he managed to wean off the blood addiction, but from now on, he knew he had to be careful. 
 With no blood flask, it would be a while until he could start consuming the blood of students again. Then suddenly a thought came to his head. He quickly opened up the systems shop and continued to scroll through the options. 
 "That's it, there it is?" Quinn said. The flask had been in the shop all along. At the time he never thought such a thing would have been useful since he had the blood bank, and Layla, but now it seemed like a handy item indeed. 
 Then when looking at the ingredients needed, he was quickly disappointed. They were two intermediate level beasts as well as an advanced tier one. For such a little item it needed quite a few things. The problem was, they weren't items commonly found in the marketplace. Quinn would either have to hunt for it himself, which was near impossible or hire someone else to get the item for him. 
 However, now that he knew it was possible to make one of his own. He would keep it in mind. Maybe when he earnt enough credits in the future, he would be able to start making items from the shop. 
 *Knock, knock, knock.* 
 Once again, a knock was heard on his door. It was still early morning, but he had been expecting this. Not knowing who the smell was coming from meant it was them. After opening the door, three soldiers dressed in the slick black uniform stood there tall and strong. 
 "Quinn Talen, correct?" 
 "Yes, sir." 
 "An emergency matter involving Peter Chuk has caused him to drop out of the tournament. Due to this, the substitute of Del's class, Quinn Talen must participate. Please follow us." 
 After a quick elevator ride down, they had finally arrived at the underground area. Unlike above, the students here were already awake and were practising for the events. Still, many of them had nerves as it was only the second day. Before being able to join them, Quinn was further taken to a separate area where thier was a desk and what looked like a small office area had been set up. 
 Behind the desk, equipment was there for participants to be used as well as other things such as snacks and beverages. There were also many soldiers standing on guard, keeping an eye on everyone. 
 The tension was high between the participants, and this often caused things to heat up between them. The soldiers didn't mind a bit of back and forth between students, but the second there was fighting they would stop it. 
 Fights were to be displayed in the arena not down below where nobody would see. The reason for bringing Quinn to the desk was because he needed to be registered. They handed him over a tablet where he was to input his fighting name. 
 'Oh, crap, I didn't think of this. I can't use my gamer ID, as Peter did. Even if I'm using my shadow powers, I won't be using my blood powers. Struggling to come up with a name, finally managed to put one down.' 
 The man at the desk looked at the tablet and chuckled, before handing it over to one of the other soldiers. 
 "You're free to use the training area as you wish, you will be called later on in the day, and your room number, if you want to rest, is 23, or if you manage to make it through.." The man then paused for a second, he looked at Quinn's wristwatch and realized that it said the level one. He shook his head in disbelief, not understanding what this class was thinking. 
 Sure, the last student was a level one, but they were clearly a special case, and the others could even see that due to the guards always being around them. 
 "Don't worry about it and just do what you want until we call you." The man said as he wafted his hand, suggesting for Quinn to go away. 
 'Was my name really that bad, is that why he was laughing?' Quinn thought. 
 Looking around, there really wasn't much for him to do. Since the first round of fights had already been completed, the others knew what powers they had. This meant that the training hall was full of people using their powers, they would still keep moves hidden, but they were able to practice a lot better than before. 
 But for Quinn, he still wanted to keep his powers hidden until the fight." Instead of fighting himself, he decided to lean up against the wall and keep an eye out on all the others. One of these in the room he would be fighting. 
 He had been there for a good five minutes, and when leaning up against the wall, another person games to join him. One that was quite wide and large and had a square-looking head. 
 The two said nothing to each other as they looked at all the participants. The person who was also up against the wall was Nate. The whole night, Sam had been excited after finding out that ZombieP would be in the fighting event. It was a shame that the Blood evolver didn't turn out to be Larry, but this had at least am up for it. 
 However, as soon as he had entered the room, he looked and looked but couldn't see Peter anywhere. He stood out more than the others, and he wasn't the only one that had noticed this. Peter was now well known to everyone, he was the kid who always had two guards beside him, and it also turns out he had an amazing regenerative ability. 
 For him to suddenly disappear, they all could tell straight away. Noticing this, Nate knew that there had to be a replacement. Wanting to get a better look at everyone, he decided to look from the wall and look at all the participants taking part. From the first day, he had kept an eye on everyone as he went about looking for Larry. There were far fewer people today, but still, he couldn't see anyone new practising. 
 'Where's the replacement.' 
 Suddenly, a large slash of air came out through. It was hard to see, but one could feel it if their senses were sharp enough. Nate, noticing this turned to his side as he moved, at the same moment, he saw another student that had been on the wall with him the whole time. 
 "Hey, move!" Nate shouted. 
 But, Quinn didn't listen, he too could sense the wind and instead decided to stay still. Knowing that the attack wasn't going to hit him. The attack slammed into the wall making a small bang as it hit like the end of the whip. However, there was no marking on the walls for it was made of glathrium. 
 "Oh sorry, that almost hit you, are you too okay." A student said, running over. 
 "Be careful next time!" Nate shouted back. "How stupid and bad could you be. This rooms massive and you manage to make a stray attack come over here." He was clearly annoyed. 
 The student continued to apologize, but a few others behind him were also looking over. 
 "It was no accident," Quinn mumbled as he finally left the wall and started to walk over towards the student. He had overheard the students speaking the whole time. They could see that Nate and Quinn were just standing there by the wall and wanted to give them a little scare. 
 When the attack came towards Quinn, he knew that they had aimed precisely in the middle of the two of them and there was no need for him to move. All they wanted to do was scare them. After all, if he or Nate were hurt, the students would have gotten in trouble. 
 When looking over in the student's direction from where the attack had come from, he could also see a bunch of girls off to the side. There and then something clicked in his head. 
 'It wasn't an accident. If I know thirsty boys, those guys were trying to impress those girls.' Why did Nate this? It was because he would have perhaps tried something similar in his own youth. 
 As Nate saw the curly-haired student walk towards the boy, he was wondering just what was going to happen. 
 'Wait, is that the new guy? It has to be. I don't remember seeing him down here.' 
 Looking at his wristwatch, he could see the level 1, but something else had worried him even more. He could see the student clenching his fist, ready for a punch. 
 Back on the top platform, the students were starting to gather in front of the screens for the first events to start. The others had left the Hotel together and were now peacefully sitting in front of screen two. Just then, Sam had arrived from his own Hotel, as he had agreed to meet up with them yesterday. 
 "Hey, where's Quinn?" Sam asked, noticing he wasn't sitting down with them. 
 "Well," Vorden replied. "He's taking part in the fighting tournament." 
 The drink that was held in Sam's hand nearly dropped to the floor, but he quickly tightened his grip and then a small smile appeared on his face. "Oh, really." 
 'I don't know why Fate has decided to put you on the battlefield, all I know is, everyone might be in for one hell of a surprise.' Sam thought. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 332 A weak punch 
 NOTE: THIS NOVEL IS NOT ENDING SOON THAT WAS A WEBNOVEL BUG. 
 While looking at all the students and relaxing up on the wall, Quinn was busy thinking away. The energy from before and his strong heartbeat hadn't settled down. Every second meant the fight he was about to participate in was getting closer and closer. 
 This whole event was starting to remind him of the past. Life before the book. How he was too weak before. He was too weak to help Peter. He was too weak to help himself. How the other students used to beat him every day, and the most he could do was get a hit in here or there. 
 Thinking about how much he hated his life back then every single day, how the school chose to do nothing because he wasn't destined for great things. And again when arriving at the military base, how they started to target those around him as well as him. All these bad memories were making him angrier. 
 At that moment, when walking, the picture of him getting hit and beaten by these losers were playing in his head. 
 Hearing the students behind laughing and what they had said, he already had enough of this. He couldn't do anything back then, but he could now. 
 Seeing Quinn's fist tightening, Nate could tell what was about to happen straight away. Although the kids deserved to get hit, Nate didn't want the new student being punished for it. He would be the aggressor in this situation if his punch landed. However, there was also a second reason Nate wanted to stop a fight, the people he was walking to were Level sevens. 
 There weren't many weak people left in the fighting event. If a fight was to happen, he couldn't see Quinn coming out of it unharmed. 
 "Hey is he coming over to us, what does he think he's doing?" One of the students from behind said. 
 The student in front was also annoyed. Although he had thrown out the wind strike, he was only trying to have a little fun. He knew the attack wouldn't hit them, so he felt like it was no reason for anyone to get angry. 
 "What the hell you brat?! What are you getting so annoyed for when I already said I was sorry!" The student complained. 
 "I'm in no mood for games. Out of all the days to try to pull this crap today, is not that day." Quinn said. "Of course it's my fault right, it's always the fault of the weak ones for being born this way." 
 The sound of Quinn's voice, he wasn't sure if he was imagining it, but there was certainly some type of undertone when he was speaking. The student looked around to see if his friends behind had heard, or if it was just him. They continued to laugh and joke around and even gave a thumbs up towards him. 
 'They didn't hear that, am I going crazy?' The student thought. 
 Out of panic and desperation, he threw a wind slash. 
 Quickly, Quinn moved his body to the side and started walking forward again, to the student in front of him, it looked like the attack had just gone right through his body. 
 Now the student was starting to feel his palms sweat. He threw out another attack, and once again, ever so slightly, Quinn would place his foot, allowing him to just avoid the attack and go back into position. The movement was so small it could hardly be seen. 
 The outsiders who were watching such a thing were confused. All they could see was one student walking forward, while the other was walking backwards in the middle of the room. The student who was throwing out the wind blades was using a unique technique. When wind users used such an attack, usually a thin white line could be seen striking the air. 
 But the wind user's attack was invisible to the eye, and could only be felt. 
 "What's Josh doing?" A student said. "Is he pretending to attack? I knew he was too soft. He thinks he can bluff his way out." 
 However, a few moments later, and the large whip-like sound could be heard as the wind attacks reached the end of how far they could go. 
 The loud banging noise was continuously heard and now the others were in shock. Josh wasn't just moving his hands about, he was actually throwing out attacks. 
 The loud noise had managed to catch the attention of the small pop up office from earlier. 
 "What is going on over there?" The man at the desk said, scratching his head. As he looked over, he could see the new student. "I thought something like this might have happened. These damn kids always like to go after the weak ones. Stop this before it gets out of hand." The man ordered. 
 A soldier from the post was immediately on his way. 
 Seeing the soldier coming over, Nate breathed a sigh of relief. He was hesitating himself whether to get involved or not but was afraid he could have been hurt by the wind users. It wasn't easy to sense those attacks. 
 Nate believed that the student had thrown out those attacks and had missed on purpose, trying to scare the student away. 
 The two were now close enough, and Quinn dashed forward, Josh lifted his hand ready to throw another wind strike right at the student. The soldier who was on his way could see this. 
 'If that attack hits, the other might be seriously hurt.' The soldier thought, and he too, had dashed forward. 
 What they didn't expect was for what Quinn had done next. He lifted his leg fast up towards his head and then slammed it down, performing an axe kick right on the student's wrist. 
 Josh's hand slammed down and was pinned against the floor. Josh tried to move, but even using his whole strength, he couldn't budge, if he tried any harder, he was afraid his wrist would break if it wasn't already broken. 
 After the Axe kick had been performed, Quinn threw out his fist. There was no hammer strike, there was no blood spray, it was just an ordinary punch, but it did contain his full strength behind it. 
 As the punch went forward, a man stood in the way and braced himself holding both his arms in a cross shape. 
 "haha, that's it. Just a little weak punch." The student around started to laugh. 
 The blow had hit the man, but he remained there solid and still not having moved an inch, and the expression on his face hadn't changed at all. 
 "Come on, Josh, you could have taken the punch, and just hit him back." The students continued to mock thier friend. 
 "Stop this at once." The man said. "Fighting is reserved for the arena and not underground. If you continue, then you shall be punished." 
 When Quinn had looked at who he had hit, he noticed it was one of the soldiers. He then peeked around the soldier to see the student behind him, grabbing his wrist, it looked like it was starting to swell. 
 "It's okay, I think he's learnt his lesson," Quinn said as he walked off. 
 "Wait!" The soldier shouted. "Young boy, who's your teacher?" 
 "You mean Del?" Quinn replied. 
 "No. Not your homeroom teacher. That kick, you're in the beast weapons class, yes?" 
 "My teacher is sergeant Leo," Quinn replied as he walked off. 
 The soldier said no more and allowed Quinn to walk off just like that. 
 "Wait, you're going to let him go!" Josh cried. "Look at my wrist. I think he broke it." 
 "Stop your complaining, something like this can easily be fixed by the doctors before your event, and don't think I didn't see where you had planned to use your own strike. In my eyes, this was a simple act of self-defence." 
 The soldier's decision was final, and Josh could see that. There was no more use complaining, and he wouldn't try bothering Quinn again. 
 After the fight had been broken up, Quinn had gone back to the wall to relax once again. Nate came rushing over with a glow in his eyes, for he had seen something quite impressive. "Hey, that kick was impressive. You must have practised a lot to get it that smooth and fast. " 
 Nate was a junkie for martial arts. Even before learning what type of ability he had, he preferred the pure skill people would use in hand to hand combat. The fact that it also helped him out with his ability was only a bonus. 
 "If you want, maybe we can spar sometime?" Nate asked, then looked down at his watch. Which made his add a few last words. "Without abilities, of course." 
 Quinn could see that the student was a nice person. He didn't look threatening at all. Even if he did seem to be a bit annoying. 
 "Sure, it sounds fun." 
 Back at the pop-up office, the soldier had returned to make a report of the events that had occurred. 
 "Anything to report?" the man at the desk asked. 
 "A broken wrist, nothing else, they won't fight again. I'm sure of it." 
 The man at the desk paused for a second as he looked at the soldier before speaking again. 
 "Go back to your duties, you're dismissed. Oh, and before you go. Make sure to see a doctor about the broken arm of yours." 
 "Yes, sir." The soldier said as he rushed off. 
 "This is an announcement, will all students get into their designated groups. The main events will begin shortly." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork ad updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: JKSManga 

 
	 Chapter 333 The Cursed Child 
 The students were told to prepare themselves for the event. They started to pick thier best beast gear and left whatever they didn't need behind. 
 They then were organized by the soldiers into thier new groups. Once again, it seemed like even on the second day, all the first years were placed in the same group. This was to continue making the fights fairer and enjoyable. Even if a first-year was stronger, thier was the key difference between them and the second years, which was using a soul weapon. 
 As the students finished getting into thier groups, several heads twisted and turned, and mumbling between the participants seemed to be going around quickly. They all realized that the infamous ZombieP was no longer there. 
 Looking over at all the groups, Nate noticed that he wasn't with his newly found friend he had just made, since he was a second year, but it also seemed like everyone was turning to know to look at him. 
 "So, you're ZombieP's replacement?" A student in the group said. "I wonder what happen to him?" 
 Rather than being interested in Quinn himself, they were far more concerned about where or why ZombieP wouldn't be taking part in this fight. 
 Seeing his ability, he couldn't have possibly been injured. This was the usual reason for one dropping out of the tournament. If it was an injury that wouldn't have been able to be healed on time before the next match. 
 "All right, everyone, it's time to make your way up to the stage. Group A, please follow me." It was time for Quinn and the others to make their way to the arena. 
 As Quinn was about to pass through the entrance, the soldier from before stopped him for he had a newfound interest in him. 
 "Wait, aren't you going to take any beast gear with you into the fight. If you don't have any, the rules state we can at least lend you some basic protection equipment." 
 It wasn't beast gear as that would be unfair to the others, but the man worried about him, he needed at least some thick leather. 
 "It's okay," Quinn replied. "I have everything I need." 
 ***** 
 Inside the booth, the Four leaders, including the Supreme commander Oscar, arrived in their seats. They were free to do what they wanted during regular events but wanted to have the best seats in the house for the main three events. 
 They had just finished watching the Ranged event and crafting event. The big four families would often teach the same ability, but the ability varied in strength depending on the person. However, when watching, they still kept a close eye. There were many factions and other families that were under the banner of the big four. 
 If they were to see a student who really interested them, they could invite them over to join a family under them, in turn, growing the power of thier own. 
 Finally, it was time for the fighting event. 
 "The first years will be fighting first, correct?" Mona asked. "Is there anyone you have your eyes on?" 
 Hearing this reminded both Burnie and Owen of their encounter with the Blade child. He was in his first year. After hearing no news of anything happening yesterday, they assumed he might have just wanted to practice with their powers. Anyway, whatever the child wanted to do, it was none of their business. 
 "That child named ZombieP interests me." Said Owen. "His regeneration speed was remarkable, and yet somehow, even without any beast gear, he was able to deliver a knockout punch." 
 "Perhaps he is skilled in the martial arts. He wouldn't be the first person to preform superhuman feats beyond the norms of a human body." Mona replied. "What was his name… I believe he finally decided to become a teacher." 
 "You are talking about Sergeant Leo," Oscar replied. "And unfortunately, we won't be seeing ZombieP perform in today's match. I got a report this morning from the doctor. He can't move; his whole body's frozen. They think it's possibly a drawback from whatever powers he displayed yesterday." 
 Hearing this, Jack was pleased. It seemed like Duke had really pulled through for him again. 
 "Of course, a healing power that strong would have its own drawbacks," Burnie said with his arms crossed as he snorted hot air from his large nostrils once again. 
 "Then, that means we will see a new person?" Mona asked. "This won't be fun at all. The substitute is a substitute for a reason simply because they weren't good enough to be picked in the first place. If it happened in the first round, sure, it might have been entertaining. But the students that are left are quite strong. I almost feel sorry for the student." 
 Although Jack didn't feel sorry for the student, he thought it would be an incredibly quick match. After the surprise turn of events of yesterday, Jack didn't want the same thing happening twice. Out of all the first-year students participating in the event this year, he made it so the Duke would allow him to fight the strongest one. 
 At least the strongest one he could get. There were a couple of first-year students that were part of the big four families. Those he didn't want to get involved in too much, so he picked the next best choice. 
 He wanted to humiliate Peter while also drawing out Pure. But with Pure already succeeding in their task, the opponent he had prepared would now be going against the substitute. 
 The platforms had been prepared and spread out across the arena floor. This time the platforms were at least two times the size as the previous ones. This was because there would now be displaying only five fights at the same time. It also allowed for more large-scale fighting and fewer defeats via the knockout from falling off. 
 It was boring seeing participants just falling to the ground; the audience would much rather watch a display of great skills. 
 "Please, everyone, welcome your first round of participants." 
 The crowd cheered loudly as it was the last event of the day. They always did save the best until last, which was why no one had left, and it seemed like not a single seat was empty in the arena. 
 The participants slowly walked onto the stage, and just like everyone else, they too soon realized that one of their favourites from the first round, wasn't there. 
 The crowd wasn't too bothered, but the students, in particular, were surprised. 
 "What, where is zombieP?" 
 "I can't see him." 
 "Does this mean he won't be fighting?" 
 "Yeah, look, there's someone I haven't seen before. Something must have happened, and now the substitute has to fight." 
 The camera on-screen focused on all the participants one by one as they made their way to the platform, and the crowd could see their big faces appear. 
 That's when Owen noticed the boy who had taken ZombieP's place. 
 'Now, this is interesting.' He thought as his eyes widened. He quickly took out the mask from his waist and opened it outward, covering his mouth. He didn't want the others to see the smile. 
 'That was the boy who was with the Blade family child. Wasn't he only a level one, if I remember seeing correctly? I see it now.' Owen thought. Like a jigsaw puzzle, things were coming into place for him. 
 'It would be stupid to put just any level, one ability user, in there,' 
 And he remembered the boy saying something strange. He remembered he stated he had beaten the game at level 5 yet didn't go any higher than that. Based on their reaction and him being in the tournament now, it had to be him in the video. 
 Coming to this realization, he did everything he could to hold in his laughter, but failed as his shoulders began to move up and down. 
 "What's so funny?" Jack asked, seeing his slanted eyes that were shaped like two crescent moons peek just above the shaking fan. 
 "I just think we will be in for a surprise today," Owen said. 
 The names of each of the participants were announced as they then rose onto the large pillar-like platform. Finally, they had gotten to Quinn and his opponent. 
 "First, we have the student who dominated their last round and gave us an amazing show. Please welcome the Multiplier." 
 "Oh, he was a good one, he is one of the ones I had my eye on," Mona said excitedly. "Wait, isn't he going against the substitute? What a shame; I thought this time we might see more of his skills." 
 "What is the substitute's ability, Oscar?" Owen asked out of interest. 
 Oscar then sighed as he heard this. 
 "I honestly don't know what they were thinking, but they managed to convince management, saying he is one of the students currently with the highest amount of points in their base. It turns out he has no ability at all." Oscar replied. 
 "Rats! I can't believe they're wasting our time with this. You should have stepped in and done something. I thought you were in charge of this place!" Burnie complained. 
 "Sadly, I only got the report just before entering this room." 
 "Oh, I wouldn't worry too much," Owen interjected. "I think we all will be more surprised than you think. 
 The others chose to ignore Owen's words. To them, it seemed like the youngster who just wanted a different option compared to everyone else, like a child who would say the opposite answer compared to the whole class just to get attention. 
 "And his opponent, unfortunately, ZombieP has had to exit from the tournament due to medical emergencies. Which means today we have a replacement. Please welcome to the stage... the Cursed Child." 
 From above, Vorden and the others all shook their head and slapped it in disappointment. 
 "What's with his naming sense." Vorden thought. "Couldn't he think of something, a little less cringy?" 
 Layla started to giggle a little. "I kinda like it, better than his other name anyway." 
 The reason for choosing this name was because of how he felt at the time, and felt similar to when he had created his vampire family. He also didn't want to choose a name that gave away his abilities, and on top of that, he wasn't able to use his old favourite name, the Blood evolver. 
 *BEEP *BEEP *BEEP* 
 The three beeps indicated it was time for the event to start, and as soon as it did. 
 [Shadow equip] 
 Shadows surrounded Quinn's body, legs, and arms, and a few seconds later, they had dispersed, revealing all of his equipment. 
 The soldier watching from below smiled while looking at the screen. 
 "You really did have everything you need." 
 But one who was even more shocked and more excited was Nate. 
 'He has Gauntlets? Another year one student who uses gauntlets as a weapon. A strange level one user just like the ZombieP. Now that I think about it, that kick as well. Skilful in martial arts. It can't be, is he the Blood evolver?" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 334 1..2..3..4..5..6 
 Other than the people that were thier to support Quinn, Nate and the soldier. Not many others were looking at his match. They simply thought it was a done deal when they had heard the word 'substitute". No one could really blame them for feeling that way. In the years before, when a substitute had come on to the stage, the match was usuelly over fairly quickly. 
 This was the same for inside the booth as well, as they decided to look at other potential fights that maybe they weren't able to catch last time. Even Jack's gaze had wandered off into the direction of others. The only perosn who had seen the quick shadows forming and disappearing, was Owen. 
 'You are surprising me even more. Turns out you do have an ability. How did you manage to hide that from the military for so long?' Owen said. 'More importantly, why would you?' 
 When the others attention had returned back to the platform Quinn was fighting on, they were surprised to see him wearing beast gear that he wasn't wearing before. 
 "Did I miss something?" Burnie said, confused. 
 "Are you talking about arena five?" Mona replied. "I was sure he didn't have beast gear on as well either." 
 Owen then started to giggle away in the corner like a little girl, knowing he was the only one who had seen what had happened. 
 "How about we have a little wager on the fight going on in arena five?" Owen said, waving his fan on his head. The wind was moving his long curly hair that somehow wasn't going all over his face. 
 "Graylash," Oscar said. "You know that's against the rules." 
 "Don't be silly," Owen replied. "Fine, If you really want to be such a sour grape, then we don't have to bet anything." 
 "What's the point?" Mona interjected. "There is a clear winner unless you know something we don't?" 
 Owen didn't really know much, but it was as if the signs were telling him this boy was special. There were a few things that he did know compared to them. He was friends with the powerful Blade family, he was able to beat the Block Block game past level five, and finally, he had an ability that was hidden from the military. All of these were why Owen was confident that the one named Cursed Child would win. 
 "Do you all agree with what Miss Bree said?" Owen asked. 
 All of the people in the room remained silent. Common sense just told them that it wasn't possible and again, they just felt like the Graylash was trying to cause drama. 
 "Then I will take your silence as a yes. All of you against me, if the Cursed Child is to win the fight, then I get first pick when sending out invitation letters to the students. If I lose, then I will have to pick up what's left." 
 "Deal!" Burnie said with cheer in his voice. It seemed like a foolish offer to him, and it was also a chance for him to get one up on the arrogant new young master. 
 'I can shove it in his face.' 
 Although the others didn't believe anything special would happen, what the bet had done, was made sure that everyone's eyes in the booth were now following Quinn's fight and not the others. Just at the slight chance, that perhaps Graylash could see something. 
 Looking carefully at his opponent in front of him, Quinn was able to see that the student was a level eight. Thankfully he was also a year one student which meant he didn't have to worry about him having a soul weapon. 
 'The students most likely an original then. I didn't get to see the first batch of fights because I was too busy dealing with Cia at the time. I need to be careful until I find out what his ability is.' 
 This was Quinn's debut fight, his stage and he wasn't going to act so rashly. Perhaps he would have performed diffrently but the fight previously with Vorden had shown him his place. Thier were still powers and abilities out there that were far stronger than his current shadow. 
 It wouldn't always protect him from everything. 
 Analysing the Multiplier closer, he could see a high level of beast equipment as well. Using the inspect skill allowed him to break it down even further. From head to toe, he was covered in intermediate armour. 
 And In his hand a pair of daggers at the advanced level. There was also by his side small little blades across his belt. Trying to get the upper hand, Quinn tired to use the inspect skill on him as well, hoping to find out his ability. 
 However, it had only come up with question marks. His inspect skill was still only able to tell him basic abilities and not originals. 
 Seeing his opponent was still on the other end of the platform, he was thinking of what to do. 
 With no blood spray, the impact of his punches would have lessened, and with no Blood swipe and Crescent kick his range was limited. For the first time, he was starting to see how handy, the combination of his blood powers and shadow powers were, for he was limited on attacking options. 
 The shadow acted more as a shield and a support attack for his blood powers, but here where he couldn't use them, he was limited. 
 The two students stood looking at each other, and eventually, Quinn grew tired of waiting. 
 'If he's not going to show his powers, then I don't need to show mine.' 
 [Wind walk] 
 The skill on his boots was activated, and he dashed forward with all his strength, it looked like he managed to cover the area of the arena in an instant. The boots, when activated, glowed slightly red showing they were in use. 
 "He's moving that fast. How good is the equipment he's wearing?" A student asked. 
 But it wasn't just the equipment alone, it was also Quinn's natural speed that had made him travel so fast. 
 Multiplier looked like he was shocked as he braced himself for the attack. 
 Quinn threw out a fist as quick as he could, wanting to get the fist hit. The punch landed right in his opponent face. 
 'Is this really a level eight?' Quinn thought as he saw his attack hit his opponent clean. 
 As the mans face moved to the side, Quinn had double-checked to see if he was seeing things. For behind the multiplier was another perosn who looked exactly the same as him. 
 The first one that had been hit, and he puffed into a cloud of black air. The second who was behind him, swung his dagger from below towards Quinn's face, but his reactions were fast and using the gauntlets Quinn was able to block the first attack with his forearm. 
 A large dent was made across from his elbow upward as the attack was deflected. It was clear the daggers were better quality than his gauntlets. 
 [Duarbiilty 80/100] 
 Wanting to attack again, Quinn threw out his leg, preforming a roundhouse kick to his waist. Suddenly, something from underneath came sweeping across the floor, hitting his other leg that was on the floor, causing him to fall to the floor. 
 Now looking up from the floor, Quinn could see the clear blue sky, but at the same time, another two multipliers. 
 They both came rushing down trying to stab Quinn with thier four daggers. What they didn't expect was for Quinn to be too fast. Moving his hands at a speed that couldn't be seen, he pulled both of thier legs. Thier bodies fell to the floor. 
 Once he got up, he performed an axe kick, kicking one of them in the stomach, the same thing as last time had occurred. The person had puffed into black smoke. Quickly turning around, he kicked the other, and it was the same result. 
 Looking around the arena, Quinn finally understood. 
 'I should have known, his name was a dead giveaway.' Quinn said. 
 Standing in the centre, Quinn had been surrounded by six students who looked exactly the same. 
 "A cloning ability?" Layla asked. 
 "Its a bit more than that," Vorden replied. "The user is able to produce clones in an instant, as long as he has enough MC cells to do so. Judging by the number of clones he's already created and how freely he is producing them. He has a lot." 
 "Oh, so that's why when Quinn hits them they keep bursting into smoke?" She asked. 
 "The clones can usuelly take a fair bit of damage before puffing into smoke, my guess is Quinn's attack is a lot stronger then it looks to everyone else. The problem is, although thier just clones, thier weapons and everything about them are very real. The attacks will hurt just as much as if it was done from the original." 
 "So if he defeats the original he can beat them all then, right?" 
 "Technically yes, but there's another problem. Judging by his Mc level being a level 8 and him being in this tournament, he's most likely also learned his families body swap skill. It allows the user to switch the real body with one of the clones whenever they wish." 
 "You explained everything perfectly Vorden," Logan said as he was typing away on a small little computer. It had been constructed via his little spiders. "I looked up information on the multipliers family. They are an original and everything you described is accurate." 
 Sam had decided to keep quiet, but he too thought it was amazing that a normal student knew so much information without looking it up, especially about an original family. 
 The six Multipliers all surrounding Quinn reached for the small blades around thier waist. There was nowhere to hide, and they were guaranteed a hit. He could block the ones from the front, but it would be near impossible to block them from the back. 
 "Well, Well, well," Burne said inside the booth. "Looks like we were right, it seems the Graylash was just trying to cause drama for no reason. All you did was manage to waste our time." 
 "I have to admit," Mona said. "I got a little excited when I saw him dashing forward at such a fast speed, but that speed seems to be useless now." 
 Owen remained silent, he thought the others were silly, could they not see the same thing he was seeing. When looking at Quinn, was that the look of someone who looked like they were about to lose? 
 The multiplier at the same time from each of his clones threw out two daggers each towards the centre. They came out fast and powerful. 
 "Tch. Boring." Jack said, but soon he started to think diffrently. For some reason, a smirk had appeared on the Cursed Child's face. 
 [Shadow control] 
 From the bottom of his feet, a thin veil of purple shadow had appeared and had stopped all of the little blades in thier tracks mid-air. They hovered in place and were unable to move forward. 
 "What power is that?" Nate said, looking at the screen. 
 **** 
 For MVS artowrk and updates follow on instagram: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 335 Double trouble 
 Inside the arena, two of the five fights had come to an end, and only three of the fights remained. The camera had decided to focus on Quinn's match at this very moment. They could see that the Multiplier was trapped and thought another contestant would soon be eliminated from the competition. 
 When the daggers were thrown, everybody waited in anticipation of what the Multiplier would do to follow up this attack and how he would dismantle his opponent as he had done previously. What they didn't expect, was for the sudden reveal of a strange power that no one had ever seen before. 
 The sheet of purple shadow rose from Quinn's feet surrounding him. It was moving ever so slightly, and the small blades seemed to have stopped just as they touched it. 
 "Hey, do you know what ability that is?" A person from the crowd asked. 
 "No, I've never seen anyone with it before." 
 "I wonder what it does or how it works." 
 "Wait, what is Quinn doing!" Layla shouted. "Why is he showing his powers, and worse of all right now in front of everyone?" 
 Sam looked carefully at the strange power. He had expected Quinn to be hiding something, he even thought he was a hundred percent sure that he was the Blood evolver, but this, he had never seen the Blood evolver do this before. Even if they had learned a new skill, there was a clear difference between what he was seeing right now. The Blood evolvers powers produced a red aura, while this was purple and dark; it felt different. 
 "I assume you have something to do with this?" Logan said, looking at Vorden since he seemed to be the only one who hadn't acted so surprised at the outcome. 
 "He's sick and tired of hiding," Vorden replied. "I can feel it, and I think you guys can too. The whole situation was just frustrating him more and more as the days went by. Sooner or later this was going to happen, so might as well do it now." 
 "But won't people come after him after they learn about his background?" Layla asked. "He was an orphan and the military knew he had no ability before. The others will try to ask for the ability book, or try to find out how he learned this." 
 "Don't worry, after this, I told him he could say my family is looking after him, and he gave the ability book to them for safekeeping." 
 "And what original family do you come from?" Sam asked. If Vorden was confident to use his family's name to protect a rare ability, they had to be strong. If they weren't, then others would still try to attack or pressure them in some way to obtain the ability book. 
 "My family is the Blade family," Vorden responded. 
 Sam started to think hard if he had ever heard such a name before, but he tried and tried. He was quite knowledgeable and even knew some medium-sized factions and families, but the Blades just didn't seem to ring a bell. However, since his family was an original family and managed to stay that way, it meant it would still give Quinn some protection. 
 When abilities started to become more well known around the world and families began to reveal themselves. Some of the original families were broken up and had their abilities learned and stolen, eventually making them known to the public. They then were no longer known as originals. 
 Only the more potent abilities or the ones under the Big three at the time, were able to keep their abilities and powers to themselves. If Vorden's family was still considered an original, they had to have some influence, right? 
 Opening up a part of the shadow from the front, the small blades moved again, and Quinn had blocked them with his gauntlets. He then moved out from where the shadow was originally placed and allowed for the shadow to return to him. As soon as he did this, the blades continued to move forward, wholly missing and falling off the arena. 
 [94/100 MC cells] 
 The small blades were only at the basic tier level. This was why Quinn knew he could block it with only a thin layer of the shadow. At the same time, the damage it had done was small. 
 [Shadow cloak skill activated] 
 Then, in front of everyone's eyes on the stage and from the booth, Quinn had disappeared entirely. The stronger ones could still sense where Quinn was, as this was only a visual effect, an illusion almost, but to the crowd, they now couldn't see anything. 
 Multiplier himself had quite keen senses and could tell Quinn was still here, but found it hard to pinpoint his exact location. The problem was, Quinn was just too fast. When attacking, the shadow cloak was disabled, and a fist seemed to come flying out of nowhere, delivering a punch to the head. The puff of black smoke appeared once more. 
 "Not that one." 
 Seeing another one not too far away, he decided to use the flash step. Moving himself right in the position of the next person. Without hesitation, an uppercut was delivered, and with it, another cloud of smoke appeared. From behind, his sensitive ears had picked up the sound of footsteps running up to him. Quickly spinning his body and lifting his leg, he performed a spinning back kick, hitting Multiplier through the air and off the arena ground. 
 All the fights around them were now being ignored; each puff of black smoke appearing the crowd cheered in response. It was as if they were watching a skilled traveller take on several men at once. 
 While one person came towards Quinn at the front, another was behind him. The two daggers came toward both his body and his head; using both of his hands, Quinn was able to grab him by the wrist, but that didn't stop the second person coming from behind. 
 "Is he done for?" the crowd thought. 
 But Quinn knew all along what was happening. From underneath his feet, the shadow rose once again, stopping the attack. 
 [80/100 MC] 
 The attack had been blocked, but this time it had taken a lot more of his MC points to deal with it. This was due to the weapon being an advanced tier one. 
 Throwing out a kick towards his opponent's stomach finished the first one-off, and then a spin with the back of his fist hitting the one behind him, the two opponents had been finished off. 
 Looking around him and at the arena, he could still see the six of the same person. Even though he had already defeated multiple clones. 
 "Damn, which one is the real one? They all smell exactly the same!" 
 What Quinn didn't know was the Multiplier was able to switch his real body with any of the clones he created at any time. The Multiplier not once had even gotten close to Quinn. 
 How he wished he was able to use his blood abilities right now. Using blood swipe, he could attack far away or with the crescent kick, and if there were multiple enemies, he could use the blood spray. 
 There was another problem, sooner or later, his MC points would run out. The weapon the Multiplier used was strong, and it could only block so many more attacks. Quinn was careful not to get hit, and if he did and the fight got rough, there was a good chance his Blood bank would automatically activate. 
 His healing wasn't as impressive as Peter's, but it was still to the point where one would think he had a healing ability. This, in turn, would cause so many questions to be asked. 
 "Well, it looks like this match certainly has gotten interesting," Owen said, giggling away. 
 "I knew you wouldn't play fair," Burnie replied. "You knew he actually had an ability, didn't you." 
 "I knew no such thing; how would I know information that not even Oscar knew?" Owen replied. 
 Burnie was now looking at Oscar for an answer. If anyone should have known about his powers, it should have been him. Oscar was starting to wonder how Owen knew or came to know of this as well. 
 "I think this makes the whole thing a lot more interesting," Mona added. "It would have been boring otherwise; besides, a bet is a bet. Even if you did know he had an ability, the Multiplier is one of the strongest people in this tournament, and that fact still doesn't change. Besides, we all know how the Multiplier likes to toy with his opponents from the last fight, and he still hasn't shown everything he's got. Although, with the Cursed Child, I do wonder what level his ability is at?" 
 "It is a hard one to judge," Owen replied. "The ability itself doesn't seem to have many attacking opportunities. If the user himself wasn't so skilled in hand to hand combat, then this fight might have been long over. However, it also seems the ability itself is versatile. It cloaked him, making him almost invisible, and also, it can be moved around at will like an elemental power. I have a feeling we haven't seen everything yet." 
 Back on the platform, Quinn slowly made his way back into the center. The others found this quite the amateur move as it allowed him to be surrounded. If he stood near the outer edge, he was able to face opponents coming from one direction. Yes, there was a higher chance one would be knocked off from the stage. But it still gave him better options. 
 Still, Quinn knew if he weren't the aggressor, he would eventually lose this fight. Once in the center, all the clones threw their small blades again, and Quinn repeated with the same action lifting the shadow and blocking the attacks. 
 "I can do this all day, come on!" Quinn shouted, hoping that the Multiplier would try something new. 
 All of them switched and pulled out their daggers. 
 "Oh, do you think you've won?" the Multiplier spoke. When speaking, each of his clones spoke simultaneously, and the voice sounded louder together like an odd choir. "You do know I've been playing around with you this whole time. You see, I like to toy with my opponents, sometimes make them feel like they are winning. Some matches I start with two, for others, I begin with four. After seeing how easily you dealt with my clones, I decided on six. 
 "But, I guess that wasn't enough." 
 From behind the six people that surrounded the arena, another six people were seen behind them as they moved to the side to make twelve. It was the first time in the tournament the Multiplier had ever used twelve people to fight so far. 
 "Let's see how you deal with this!" the Multiplier said, as all twelve clones decided to charge in towards the center at the same time. 
 "Perfect," Quinn said. 
 [Shadow void] 
 A thick purple shadow spread out from his feet across the floor in all directions from where Quinn stood. Once it reached a particular area, it started to rise, eventually creating a small dome shape. The dome incased both Quinn and all of the clones with him. From the outside, the public suddenly couldn't see anything, but a purple dome of moving shadows. 
 "What's going on?" the crowd said. 
 "Are they still fighting in there?" 
 "This had to be that Cursed Child's ability right." 
 "Are you starting to feel nervous about our little bet?" Owen asked. 
 "Although I don't know what this strange dome thing does, I can not believe one person could take on twelve. I didn't even know the Multiplier could copy himself that many times. If I have him in one of my families, it would be like having a little squad. He would be able to go out on solo missions on his own." 
 As time went by and nothing was happening. Even Burnie was starting to get nervous. It shouldn't have taken this long for someone to beat one person. 
 Finally, the shadows around started to fade away slowly. They began to disappear from the top of the dome to the bottom and eventually returned to the original users two feet, where one person could be seen standing, while the other was beaten entirely and knocked out on the floor. 
 "Ladies and gentlemen, we have our winner. The Cursed Child!" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and Updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 336 The Shadow hands 
 A huge upset had occurred in the arena, it was something the others hadn't expected. One of the favourites from the first years had been defeated, and what was worst, the others weren't even able to see how it was done. 
 "That's impossible!" Burnie said, standing up from his seat. At the same time, he banged the side of his armchair. It briefly went up in flames before the whole side of the thing burnt to a crisp. 
 It was amazing how quick it was disappeared as to not affect the whole chair. 
 "Calm down!" Oscar demanded. Burnie was always a hot-headed fool, and he knew this bet was a bad idea. However, even Oscar didn't think this would be the final outcome. So he allowed for it to continue. 
 "Can't you see?" Said Burnie. "That kid, he didn't just win, but there isn't even a single scratch on him." 
 The others had, of course, noticed this as well. For this to have happened, the fight inside the dome couldn't have been a close one. The dome-shaped shadow was either very powerful or it was there to conceal the boy's real strength from the eyes of everyone else. 
 Jack's whole body was shaking, but not because he was upset. It was out of Joy. A mysterious power that was able to rival top Orginal families, yet didn't belong to any of the big four. This was the perfect opportunity for him, whatever he did, he needed to get this power for himself. 
 However, there was a small problem, something he never thought would get in the way, and that was the bet. Jack was one of the ones that hadn't spoken up when the deal was made, meaning Owen was able to get the first choice when inviting students to thier families. There was no way a student would turn down such an offer from one of the big four. Perhaps there was some way he could persuade him. 
 Once the event was over, he would contact the others at his tower to find out everything they could about the boy named, Cursed child. 
 "Well, I must say I think I've got a pretty bright future ahead of me," Owen said, laughing. 
 Oscar looked at the student one more time standing in the arena. 
 'Looks like I need to speak to the people at the second base. How they were this tardy to not notice something like this is beyond my comprehension. Anyway, Quinn Talen, I shall be keeping an eye on you.' 
 The cheering in the arena had continued for a lot longer than usual. People always seemed to love the unexpected. It was exciting to think about what this new power and surprise could do. 
 While standing in the centre, Quinn looked down at the Multiplier and started to recall what happened when the Shadow void had been cast. 
 Even with the void covering the view of the others, Quinn couldn't use his blood abilities. Thier was a high chance that the influence skill wouldn't work on him. He would then reveal to everyone what had happened after the fight. It was a risk he still couldn't take. 
 However, what the Multiplier also didn't realise was he wasn't the only one who had been holding back the whole fight. As the multiple clones came towards him, for a brief second Quinn closed his eyes and started to think back to the block, block game. The slightest sound, the slightest movement he was able to see the attacks just as they moved. 
 The Multiplier was doing near enough the same thing. Using his clones to attack him from multiple directions, and even though there was twelve of them, there was only so much space that could be used to attack. 
 The twelve had come towards him, he could see a slight twitch in the first one's shoulder, he attacked as soon as he saw the slightest movement and the first one was down. Using all of his limbs, his legs his arms. Quinn blocked, dodged and allowed for even the clones to hit each other. Everything was done at a speed that hadn't been used in the match before. 
 "Fex was a lot more versatile when I fought him with his strings." He said as he hit one clone. 
 "Vorden's ability was a lot stronger than this." As he kicked another. 
 "And the king tier beast was a hell of a lot faster." He said as he punched the last clone in the stomach. 
 All twelve of the clones had been defeated. Only one remained away in the distance towards the edge. 
 "I need to make more." Multiplier said, but his energy was starting to drain. There wasn't enough time to recover as Quinn's strength was strong enough to deal with the clones with a single blow. It was something the Multiplier had never dealt with before. 
 As he started the cloning process, something weird was felt wrapping around his legs and arms. When he looked, he could see multiple purple, dark hands grabbing his limbs. 
 "What is this? Why isn't my cloning working?" He said, shocked. 
 Quinn had half expected this, his shadow had the ability to slow down time of whatever it was touching, and due to how the Multipliers ability worked right now, it was taking an incredibly long time to even clone himself. With this, the Multiplier started to panic; he had always relied on his skills to move from one clone to other. 
 In his haste, he hadn't realised if he had just concentrated in using all of his strength to break free form the shadow, he would have been able to break free. Instead, he repeatedly attempted to clone himself, but it just didn't seem to work. 
 Finally, though he was able to detach his right arm, as he calmed down a little and started to think straight. 
 [20/100 MC] 
 But it was useless, as more arms instantly came toward him, grabbing him and putting him in place up against the wall of the shadow void again. 
 "I better finish this in one blow," Quinn said, seeing how low his MC points were. 
 Standing in front of the original Multiplier, he was able to finally use a skill that wouldn't be wasted. Stomping his foot onto the ground and allowing the energy to rise up, he pulled back one hand and snapped explosively with the other. 
 'Hammer strike!' the regular hammer strike was preformed and the fist sunk into the chest piece right in the centre. In nearly an instant, his eyelids started to close, and the Multiplier had been knocked out. 
 "I guess you never really been hit like that before have you?" Quinn thought realising he had been beaten with a single punch. 
 The void skill was cancelled, and the victor's name had been called. 
 "Can you believe it, is that really Quinn from our class, wasn't he always a weakling?" the students in Del's class were amazed. However, some started to worry. 
 "Hey, didn't you use to pick on him and Peter, you better apologise man." 
 "What, you think he'll remember that?" 
 They had just witnessed someone defeat a level 8. Most of the students who were in Del's class weren't even past the level five, and suddenly, all those that once shunned or talked badly about him were afraid. 
 "Hmm, perhaps he isn't the Blood evolver after all," Nate said, noticing that not a single red aura skill was displayed. But there were some signs that were confusing. He had seen kicks and punches, as well as the flash step. these were all skills the Blood Evolver preformed. "Still, you're just another person for me to get excited over.' 
 Once the matches were over the students were taken off the platforms and rushed to the side to get emergency care from the standby doctors. After a few minutes, the Multiplier had woken up. It turned out his injuries weren't too bad, and his armour had absorbed most of the impact of the punch. Although there were still some internal injuries, he would need to be treated for later. He really had never been struck so hard before, and with the fear of everything happening, he had passed out. 
 Before the next set of events where to start, they would have interviews with the participants in-between. They interviewed each one until they finally went to the two people who they were looking forward to most, the participants of match five. The first to be interviewed was the unexpected loser of the match, Multiplier. 
 They sat by the side of the arena by a bench where all the doctors and other participants were seen being treated in the background. The female reporter was there ready with her microphone. At the same time, her drone companion was thier filming everything for everyone to see on the big screen. 
 "First I would have to say you put on quite a show for everyone today and it came as quite a surprise to us with the result today. Many people here expected you to win. It seemed like everything was going your way until one point, once that void was created, can you tell us what happened in there, or if you remember anything at all?" The reporter asked. 
 Recalling the memories of the dark place, was not a pleasant thought, and the shock of a loss was still hitting him quite hard so he was slow to answer. "Yes…I remember what happened in there. Hands…" 
 "Hands?" the reporter said with a confused look on her face. 
 "Thier were hands everywhere, they grabbed me, all over the place and I couldn't move. Black shadowy like hands and that's when he delivered the final blow." 
 Hearing this from up in the booth, Jack's eyes looked as if they were about to jump out of his sockets. 'What did he say, dark shadowy hands?' 
 The words that had been spoken had brought up a memory for him. When he had visited the second military base. 
 These were memories he would never forget. He was embarrassed and humiliated as the two students were saved by Pure. There were two people who had interfered and had gotten in his way. After the events, he had his two guards file a report. Kenny talked about how a strange user, who seemed to control a shadow, had fought him. Not only that, there was also the mention of hands as one of the skills along with other things. 
 Now that he thought about it more. The description matched near-perfectly enough with the report his guard Kenny had given him. The powers used back then and the powers used now were the same. 
 This brought him to one conclusion about Quinn. 
 'He works for PURE!!!' 
 **** 
 For MVS updates and artwork follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 337 A cryptic messege 
 After finding out about this revelation, Jack couldn't believe it. Slowly, it was starting to make sense of how they knew his every move and how they could plan against him. 
 'Of course, Pure would have put a Student spy into the school system. Just how they rescued Peter before, they most likely used him to do the same here as well. 
 'You were always one step ahead of me, and now I know why, but now I'm one step ahead of you." Jack said with a smile as he got up from his seat. 
 "Where are you going, Jack?" Oscar asked. "Are you not going to watch the rest of the fighting events?" 
 "Ah, there are some important business matters I need to look into. Don't worry; I shall be back soon." 
 Jack left the room and started walking at a fast pace out of the booth to head back to his room. There were still a few things he needed to think about before he could make his next move. Even if Quinn was a part of Pure, that didn't change the fact that he had a rare ability that no one had seen before. Suddenly, claiming the student was part of Pure, might make it harder for him to obtain the boy's powers. 
 He wanted both Pure, and the shadow power for himself. Quinn was the key to that. Once Jack had returned to the room, he had contacted his headquarters back at Dreamland City. A digital display on his wall, connecting a video call. Immediately he had called for his old Guard Kenny, who had made the report about the shadow powers before. 
 "That's right, sir, everything you said matches up with exactly what I saw that day," Kenny replied. 
 Just then, another message had appeared on screen, which was from sergeant Duke. 
 'The information about the student I requested.' Quickly he started to read through the report. 'Quinn Talen… only child… Orphan, pfft the perfect backstory for an agent of Pure. No surprise there.' 
 While Jack was busy talking about his team and doing research on Quinn, over at the arena, the reporter had just finished talking with Multiplier.. She was now moving on to the star of the show, Quinn. 
 "First, I have to congratulate you on your upset victory. Of course, we all saw your impressive martial arts skill when fighting the clones but what we really want to know about is your ability. My research says that you're not from an original family. Still, I don't think any of us here have ever seen an ability like that before. So what we want to know is just how and what ability is that?" The reporter asked. 
 Quinn looked at the big screen, and he could see his own face maximized for everyone to see. Everyone in the crowd was waiting for his answer. He then thought back to what Vorden had said, and he was ready to reply. 
 "As you said, I am not from an original family. I grew up as an orphan. The detail of how I learned the ability is a story and a half, so bear with me. An incident happened at school a while back, where I was transported to a red portal planet. The whole place seemed abandoned. 
 "While I was there, I came across an ability book I had never seen before. I currently didn't have an ability, and I thought my luck had finally changed. The school eventually found me and returned me safely, but I chose to keep the fact I had found the book a secret. This event had happened a few months back. Due to it being a high-level ability book, it took me a long time to learn. Even after learning it, with no teacher or reference on how to use the ability, it took a while to come up with my own skills. I wasn't ready and chose to hide this from everybody. 
 "As an orphan and no family or factions to protect me, this felt like the right thing to do. However, today a good friend of mine had offered in return for giving them the ability book, I would become a member of their faction and family. As for the ability itself and which family that is, I think you will all understand why I won't go into further details about that now, as it's not fair to the original family who took me in. 
 "Before I end this interview, I have one last thing to say." Once again, Quinn looked up above the arena, where his friends and Vorden would be standing. 
 "If you chose to still go after me, then the chains that have been locked away for centuries shall be broken by the Blades." 
 There were many questions the reporter had wanted to ask, but Quinn had already started walking away after saying those few words. After hearing Quinn's story, the people in the crowd could understand the reasoning of what had happened so far and why the student had chosen to do what he had done. However, the families and factions in the crowds felt like what the student had just done, was outright silly. 
 Even if he didn't reveal the family's name that was protecting the book, they would find out soon. Declaring that this family had the ability book was putting a target on their back, and unless they were one of the big four, there was unlikely anything that would stop them from trying to take it from this family. 
 However, the reaction in the booth was a completely different one. The last words had sent a shiver down each of the Big Three in the room's spine. Goosebumps were felt all over the place. 
 'Damn!' Owen shouted in his head. For the first time, he wasn't so giggly cheery like his usual self. Instead, he was biting his fingernails. 'I knew this was a possibility after I saw the two of them were friends. But who would have thought? Now no one can touch him.' 
 'Those last lines.' Mona thought. 'They were quite clearly a code, a code that only we would know.' 
 Oscar had noticed a slight change in the room. Usually, they were quite a rowdy bunch, especially with Burnie and Owen always bickering at each other, but now there was complete silence. 'Was it something the boy said?' He thought. 
 But he was concerned with a different matter. If what the student was saying was true, the red portal he had access to must have come from the military base they were at. Which meant it was a planet the military had explored. Why was there such an ability book on a planet like that? 
 Oscar wished to delve further once this whole event was over. Perhaps he would find clues about the ability book and what had happened on the red portal planet. It might even lead him to the original owners of the ability book. 
 The rest of the event continued as usual, and Jack had eventually returned with a smile on his face. The event had now been going on for a while, and during it, not a word was spoken. They hadn't really focused on the matches at all. 
 Each one of thems' minds was filled with other matters, and finally, the event had come to an end. 
 The big four returned to their rooms, and so did the supreme commander. As Jack went back, he started to think of a plan he could put in place. If he was only to inform the military of the matter without the others knowing, then maybe they would allow him to take the boy's ability. It would also make sure the power didn't fall into the other three's hands, and he knew they would like that. 
 Still, it was a little risky. The best time to do anything would be when the boy returned to his military base. Pure still didn't know he knew about him. He had close connections with Duke and could use this to catch Quinn and take his powers before anyone could interfere. 
 Going to his desk, he grabbed a bottle of whisky that was out on display and poured himself a clean, nice shot with no ice. 
 'I deserve this for everything I've done today.' Jack said as he lifted the glass in the air. 
 Suddenly, he heard a knock at the door. A frustrated Jack placed the glass back on the table and answered it. 
 "What is it!" He said with anger, but when he looked at who it was, he was surprised to see that it was Mona Bree. 
 "I'm here to tell you about an emergency meeting between the Big Four. It will be regarding what happened today. You have to come now!" 
 ***** 
 For MVS updates and artwork, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmnaga 

 
	 Chapter 338 Starting a war 
 Walking down the hallway, Jack was stomping away his feet hard on the ground as he plodded along. He was just about to call it a night after successfully plotting his plan. 
 'What could be so important to call a meeting at this time, and why does it have to be now.' He thought, frustrated. 
 It wasn't just any meeting between the Leaders though. Mona had specifically told him that this was a meeting for only the big four families, which meant it didn't include the head generals or the supreme commander. As if it was something they didn't want them to know about. 
 This was a rare matter, and the only time Jack had been called into a meeting like this before, was when they decided to invite him to join the leader's table. Making the Big three into the big Four. 
 Eventually, Mona had led him down the hallway, and they stopped just outside The Sundhiled family room. When she pushed the heavy door open, the other two could already be seen sitting there waiting. The rooms they stayed in were quite grand and large, and there were several separate rooms. Each one was designed slightly different to suit there own style. 
 Jack looked around the room, even though it was the same layout, it looked completely different when comparing it to his own. Most of the decor used looked like it was from an older era. There were also several paintings of large beasts on the wall with a single man taking it down. 'Useless Junk' As Jack would have called it was scattered on top of desks and drawers. 
 Nonetheless, Jack needed to comply, so he sat down at the large rounded table that looked like it was designed for twenty, but only the four of them were present. 
 This, of course, meant they were sitting quite far away from each other, but Jack liked this anyway. 
 "As the elder of the group I shall be the one to start the meeting," Mona said. Although she didn't look old at all. Burnie looked to be in his fifties, and Jack was just reaching his thirties. Jack had always thought Mona was around the same age as him, but now she had suddenly declared that she was older. He was wondering what type of witchcraft she had to use to look so young. 
 Now that he thought about, she certainly dressed like a witch as well. Even now in the middle of the night, she was dressed in all black, with a pointy hat and a veil covering her face. 
 'Does the mad women sleep in that?' 
 She stood up from her seat as she talked to the others. "I'm sure you all know why I thought it was necessary to call this meeting, but I did so just to make sure we're all on the same page." 
 'Huh, they know what this is about already. Have they been doing things without me behind my back?" Jack thought. 
 "We are here to talk about the Blade family." 
 'Them again… this is just a waste of time, we need to be dealing with Pure. Oh well, maybe I will learn something about them.' 
 "We need to make sure that all our families and fractions, including the subfamilies, receive this message. They are prohibited no matter what, to either go after the student known as Quinn Talen or try to research which family he has given the ability book to." 
 "What did you say?" Jack shouted as he shot up from his seat. 
 "Ah, I guess you weren't here for that part," Owen replied. "I seem to remember you left the room at that time. The boy who won the match against the Multiplier. Turns out he and his unique ability is under the protection of the Blade family." 
 "Yes," Burnie said, nodding his head up and down with his arms crossed on top of his large belly. "We all heard it, 'the chains that have been locked away for centuries, shall be broken by the Blades.' And we all understand what he meant by that." 
 The other three all nodded their head, but Jack didn't have a clue. He didn't have a grand history of ability users from the beginning of time. His family and his power were only discovered after the Dalki era. He knew nothing of what this damned code meant, and he was starting to get increasingly frustrated that no one was informing him. 
 What he did understand was what that made clear. They were ordering nearly every person they could, to not touch Quinn Talen. All of this was due to his connection with the Blade family. 
 And he wasn't an exception to this rule most likely. 
 'My plans, they've been ruined!' 
 He needed to do something. If he wanted to get that mysterious ability. Now the others would have people keeping a careful eye on him in the military base whenever they could. It would be impossible for him, even with his connections to do much without them finding out. 
 He didn't want to do it, but this was the only thing he could do. 
 "Quinn can't be related to the Blades," Jack said. "Because I'm sure he's with Pure." 
 There was a brief moment of silence between the other three until they all started laughing together shortly after. 
 "That's impossible, Pure and the Blades are black and white. They would never see eye to eye in the current world." Mona replied. 
 "But I'm telling you the truth. If you don't believe me, I'll bring Quinn here right now and force a confession out of him!" 
 "ENOUGH!" Burnie said as he slammed his fist on the table. "Did you not hear what we just said? No one is to go after the boy, and that includes you, Jack. We don't agree on a lot of things, Jack..." 
 "You can say that again," Owen mumbled. 
 Hearing this, Burnie looked over at Owen out of the corner of his eyes, before shaking his head and continuing. 
 "But we all agree on this. If you try to lay a finger on that boy, we will do everything in our power to stop you." 
 Who were these Blades to be able to cause such fear and unity between these three powerful forces, yet at the same time seemed to have no power when it came to the things like the military it just didn't make any sense. 
 "Fine," Jack said, sitting back down in his seat. 
 With that, the meeting was quickly over. Although they didn't finish it before reminding Jack once again, that the military was to know nothing about this and to warn him about not going after the boy. His hands were tied. If it was just one of the big families telling him to not go after the boy, then he would risk a confrontation, but all three together? His family wasn't strong enough and would never come out alive. 
 Jack was confident in his family's strength. Over time he had gathered strong abilities and men by his side and the unique thing about his family. Their abilities were all versatile, while the others only had a single powerful ability. In a way in his own head, Jack had deemed his own family as the strongest power force currently. Even ahead of the military, but it wasn't enough to start a fight over, especially with the Dalki watching their moves. 
 However, thinking about his family's strength made him think about something else. They were all clearly scared of the Blades. They repeatedly told him not to go after Quinn. What that didn't stop him from doing was going after the Blades. If he got rid of them, he would naturally take their seat of power. 
 The others were clearly afraid of something that happened in the past, but they didn't know Jack's full strength either. He would much rather fight one family then three strong ones, and he would also get whatever Power the Blades have as well as the shadow power. 
 It was the one plus side of Jack's ability. Whatever family he would defeat, essentially their powers would be added to his even if they refused to join, because he could take it from them with force. 
 "The Blade family.. let's see how scary you really are." Jack, was ready for a war. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 And for extra support with the webtoon/webcomic *******: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 339 One more Level 
 As soon as Quinn's match had ended, he decided to go straight to his room, avoiding talking with any of the other participants or remaining in the training centre. Even with his short walk back when walking by the next participants who would be taking part in the event, he could feel their eyes as if they were piercing the back of his skull. And the gossiping had started. 
 When he finally arrived in his room, he quickly closed the door behind him and leant his back up against it, letting out a big breath. 
 "So I finally did it." He said with a smile. 'It feels nice not to be holding onto such a secret anymore.' 
 Still, just this was enough for him. One of the huge weights that were always on the back of his mind felt lifted, but he wasn't prepared for all the attention and reactions, so just for tonight, he wanted to rest. 
 'I hope Vorden's plan worked.' 
 When Vorden whispered in Quinn's ear telling him what to say, he sounded confident and assured him it would stop others from coming after him for his power. However, he did mention it would do nothing for the vampires so he should still proceed with caution. 
 Lying on his bed, all he wanted to do was shut his eyes. The fight had taken a lot out of him, not only physically but mentally as well. He realised how much harder fighting without relying on his vampire powers was. 
 Looking at his gauntlets, there now was a large scratch mark and several dents on them as well. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Durability 40/100] 
 [Effects of gauntlets will be reduced by 50%] 
 In the fight, he had blocked the Multipliers attacks a few times, and they were now severely damaged. It was a shame because the system shop only had one pair of each item. Even if he got his hand on the materials, he couldn't make another one. What he would have liked to have done is get a better pair altogether, but that would require crystals from advanced tier beasts. 
 With no more expeditions for first-year students, he would either have to wait until he was in his second year or pay to put up a quest asking for certain materials, but his funds weren't exactly the healthiest at the moment either. 
 If they were to break in the next fight, without the use of his vampire abilities, it would weaken his attacking power by quite a bit. 
 Still, there was one more thing for Quinn to check out. An exciting surprise that he didn't expect after defeating the Multiplier. 
 [Congratulations you are now level 19] 
 [One free stat point earned] 
 [Update to your current quest] 
 [Reach level 20 for your next step in your evolution! 19/20] 
 He didn't see the number of exp points received and when checking his exp, rather than the extra going over. Currently, it just said [0/51200]. This would assume that the reward was something similar to the quest that had been given when he first fought against Leo. An instant level up reward. 
 The free stat point was placed into his charm skill, increasing it now up to 29. After it reached level 30, he could then start to focus on his other skills. Charm was handy in helping Quinn keep his secrets, but soon he would have no secrets to keep and the ones that would be after him next, were the vampires. 
 According to the system AI, the number of points and strength one would have to have in their Charm to control another vampire would be enormous. Using the skills themselves, they naturally had some type of resistance to it. So Quinn needed to focus on getting stronger for what was about to come later. 
 What Quinn was looking at most, was the updated quest. There was only one more level until he would evolve into the next step. Would this mean a new appearance, a new set of blood skills? Or, would it just mean a new set of problems to deal with? 
 With these thoughts in his head, he didn't remember when he had finally closed his eyes and fallen asleep. He was far more tired then he realised. All of a sudden, he heard the sound of urgent knocking at his door. 
 'Ergh, why do people love knocking on my door all the time.' Quinn thought as he looked at the time on his watch, and he could see that it was already the next day in the early morning. 
 'Did I already sleep the whole night, When?' 
 When rubbing his eyes, and trying to move his quilt, he happened to spot something small on his left hand where his wristwatch was—a small metallic little spider. 
 'This is Logan's spider, right? What's it doing here?' 
 "Quinn Talen, this is military personnel. Please open your door and let us in." 
 "One second please, let me just put on some clothes!" Quinn shouted back. 
 The spider quickly ran up to Quinn's ear and started to play a message. While this was all happening Quinn promptly got dressed into the standard military uniform. 
 "Quinn, this is Logan. I kept this spider near you in case you needed a little help. My guess is the military might want to check the level gauge on your watch. Don't worry. My little friend here has already made the adjustments." 
 The spider lifted too of its legs as if it was happy about Logan's words. And started to imitate a little clap. 
 "Make sure to keep the spider on you and don't panic. Let them do what they are here for, and everything will be okay." 
 After listening to the message, the spider hopped down and went just underneath the cuff of his sleeve where his wrist was and stayed put. 
 Putting his trust into Logan, and not really knowing what was going on, he opened the door to find Hayley outside and what looked like one of the soldiers standing by her side. 
 "It's been a long time," Hayley said, as she entered the room and placed a suitcase out on the table. "This isn't usually my thing, but they asked me to do this, but before that, congratulations. When I saw you, I knew you were impressive, and don't worry; with all the injuries I see at happen at the school. I think you did nothing wrong, hiding your powers." 
 She sat down in the seat by the desk, and the soldier carefully Led Quinn over to her, keeping an eye on everything he was doing. Watching in case, Quinn tried to pull anything. 
 Hayley proceeded to open the metal case and inside it, was what looked like a brand new military watch. 
 "Now I have to ask you not to touch anything," Hayley explained. "I will take off the old watch and also place the new one on." 
 Quinn nodded in response and went along with it. Even if Logan had said not to worry, right now Quinn was worrying. When they had put the watch on, what would happen when it didn't record his MC cells. Would they find out he wasn't human, or would they then take him in for further questioning? 
 The watch had been taken off and placed on the table. At the same time, she picked up the new one from the suitcase and wrapped it around Quinn's wrist. 
 The watch seemed to be turning on slowly and at the same time while underneath his wrist, the little spider started to get to work. Hayley remained silent and so did Quinn as they both carefully waited for a result. 
 After a few moments, the watch finished booting up, and the display had changed. It went from Level One to a Level six. 
 'Well, that makes a lot of sense." She said with a smile on her face. "I was a little worried it would say one their for a second. Do you know why the watch didn't display the correct level even after learning the ability?" 
 "No, I just decided to go with it, since I thought it was better this way," Quinn replied. 
 "Not a problem," Hayley said with a smile as she put the broken watch in the suitcase and left with the guard. Before closing the door, she had one last word to say. "Good luck on the tournament. I'm rooting for you, Cursed child." She said as she giggled and shut the door. 
 His face had gone bright red with embarrassment. After hearing a pretty lady like that say his stage name, he now realised how lame it sounded, and he just wanted to make a hole and put his head in it. 
 However, thanks to Logan again, it seemed like he could relax. His vision to look and plan ahead for things had saved him many times. 
 Not wanting the attention of the others outside. Instead of training like everyone else was doing. He decided to wait in his room until he was called for the next event. 
 Unlike Peter, Quinn wasn't treated like a criminal and was able to stay in contact with the others above using the wristwatch and other methods. They told him what was going on with the events and such, but not much else had happened. 
 The time had come, and an announcement had been made, stating that the participants of the fighting tournament would now be placed in their groups. 
 Leaving the room, everything was different this time when he entered the practice hall. It was the third day of the event, and there were even fewer people now than before. Not only that, every single person there seemed to be looking at him, and this included the second years. 
 Ignoring everything, Quinn decided to stay at the back of the whole group where the students had gathered, as the organisers called out their names. This way, he knew no one would be able to look at him from behind. However, he quickly realised how useless this was, as now everyone seemed to be turning their head slightly to the side, trying to look back at Quinn. 
 "Okay, and for group C, we have Ben Richard, Steve Jillian, Jason Wong, Suzie Filbuster, Maze Kilbert, Nate Snell and Quinn Talen." 
 "YES!" Nate shouted as his name was called out. The others looked at him wondering what he was so excited for, but only he knew. For days he had been hoping to face a half-decent opponent, but so far he had only been disappointed. After seeing the Cursed Child be put in the same group as him, he was sure his luck had now changed for good. 
 He knew the next fight, the two of them would be facing off against each other. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to help with webtoon costs, you can support on *******: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 340 We’re already friends 
 While the names from group C were being called out, the others in the group had gathered and started to look at each other as they noticed something odd. 
 Nate looked at his own group, then looked at the group around them again, trying to figure out what was wrong. "Why does our group look different?" He asked. 
 "It's because there's seven of us," Quinn replied. 
 Suddenly, Nate's heart started to beat. There was an odd amount of people. This often happened due to the number of participants taking part in the tournament. However, more often than not, a few people would drop out, or even a double knockout in cases, this would eventually even up the numbers. 
 If they had enough people, they wouldn't even bother calling up the substitute since it would just complicate matters. Right now, in the fighting tournament, there must have been an odd amount of people, and when this happens, it means only one thing. 
 "Alright." The soldier said, holding something behind his back the others couldn't quite see. "As you can see, group C is filled with seven people rather than six or eight, which means one of you won't be fighting today and will be able to move on to the next round, lucky you." 
 "Damn it," Nate said, stomping the floor. "Damn it, why this group why, why!" He cried. To the others, this would be a blessing, but to Nate, it's seemed like another obstacle trying to get in his way. 
 The soldier waited until Nate calmed down until proceeding further. He then revealed what he was hiding behind his back, and it was seven small sticks held in his hand with the bottom part covered up. "One of these sticks' bottom half is dyed Red. Whoever chooses this one shall be free from this round. Let's see.." He said as he scanned the room. 
 "You." The soldier said, pointing at Quinn. "You're first." 
 Quinn casually walked up to the front. There was no use trying to figure out which one was the red one, so he just picked the one closest to him. The stick was completely clear when pulling out, and there wasn't a red marking at all. 
 "Yes!" Nate shouted out loud again. 
 Now Quinn was starting to realize how much Nate wanted to fight him. However, this wasn't like the others, who tried to fight him because he was weak or to try to show off their own skills. It was because Nate thought he was strong. 
 Thinking about this made him feel a little warm inside. It was a change and a feeling he had never had before. No one hated his guts for being weak, and no one wanted to bully him. 
 The other participants were called, and they all pulled out clear sticks until, eventually, only the last two participants were left. 
 "You, you're up." The soldier said, pointing at Nate. 
 He was happy about this; it meant his fate was going to be in his hands, not of another's. There were now only two sticks left. If he chose the wrong one, then it just wasn't meant to be. 
 He looked left, he looked right, his eyes darting backwards and forwards between the two sticks. 
 "Just pick one already!" the soldier said, getting agitated that time was being wasted. 
 Closing his eyes and turning his head away, Nate finally picked a stick. 
 "Well, it looks like you won't be taking part in this round then." 
 Hearing those words made his heart sink, a lump was felt in his throat. 
 "What!?" Nate said as he opened his eyes and turned his head, only to see that the soldier was no longer standing in front of him and was standing next to the other student instead. When looking at his stick, he noticed it was completely clear. There was no marking at all. 
 There wasn't time to celebrate for Nate, as the soldier was already leading them all onto the arena floor. 
 'I knew the world wanted me and you to fight.' Nate thought. 'This was just another sign that nothing was going to get in our way.' 
 As they exited from the underground tunnel and onto the floor, the cheers were there as usual, and the others were watching above on the large screen. 
 "Oh, this will be interesting." Said Sam, seeing the screen. 
 "What do you mean by that?" Vorden asked. 
 "Well, the reason I've been keeping a close eye on the event so far is that my close friend is in it, and it looks like Quinn, and he is in the same group," Sam replied. 
 "Friend, judging by how you were hanging around us all the time. I would have assumed you had no friends." Logan replied. 
 That comment had stung Sam in the heart a bit, but he couldn't deny the fact that if others did know he was hanging around with a bunch of first-years from another base. It really would look like he had no friends. 
 "Is your friend strong?" Vorden asked. 
 "You better believe it." Said Sam." Although he's only a Level seven in terms of ability power, you can tell how strong he is based on how he was able to make it this far." 
 "I look forward to seeing him fight then," Vorden said. 
 "Well, let's just hope your friend and Quinn don't get put together. Otherwise, it would be pretty awkward." Said Layla. 
 "Yeah, I would feel bad supporting my friend right next to you guys, but as far as I know about Nate, he would be begging to be put up against Quinn." 
 And that was exactly what Nate was doing. The whole way, as he walked, he had his hands held together, and his eyes closed. He would only rely on his hearing to follow the footsteps in front of him. 
 Then finally, they came to a halt. 
 "Alright, Quinn Tallen stage three and Nate Snell." The soldier said. 
 He couldn't believe it, his prayers were answered, and he was finally going to fight someone worthwhile. 
 The two got into position and waited for the announcers to call all of the names. This time there were only three platforms, and once again, they had increased in size. 
 "And finally, on the third platform, we have the unexpected winner from last round, The Cursed Child! And his opponent for today who always seems to manage to pull a win out of the bag, Hardsteely." 
 The earth user raised the two onto the platform, but Quinn was struck with something after hearing the name. It was about the stage name that had been used. 
 He had instantly recognized it because it was the first friend he had ever added on the Power fighters VR game. 
 'These two are the same person.' Quinn was very thankful to Nate. He had given him advice before the portal planet and also taught him a great lesson when it came to fighting. If he ever met this person in real life, Quinn wanted to thank him for his help. 
 He never thought he would be meeting a person he met through a game this way right now. 
 When the two walked onto the large fighting area, the happiness on Nate's face could be seen a mile away, and the camera right now was focused on him. 
 "What's wrong with him?" 
 "Is he not all there." 
 The comments about him weren't nice as always, but he didn't care if he was happy he would show it, if he was sad, he would show it. Unlike the others, he wouldn't be fake and would just be himself. What was the point of pretending to be something you weren't? 
 "Let's get this fight started; show me that purple shadow of yours," Nate said, punching his fist into his other hand. Each time this was done, a loud clanging sound was heard as if metal was clashing against metal. 
 Quinn smiled at Nate and then raised his hand. 
 "I forfeit from the fight." 
 The referee, who was slightly off the side and just outside the arena, was surprised at this; he looked at Quinn for confirmation only to hear him repeat it. 
 "I forfeit from the fight. He is your winner." Quinn repeated. 
 "No!" Nate said. "Why are you doing this to me? Why are you refusing to fight me? Is it because you don't think I'm strong enough? Come on. I'll show you right now!" He shouted. 
 However, Quinn couldn't tell Nate the real reason. Quinn knew he was plenty strong, perhaps one of the strongest people he had met before. When the fight had started, he had received a quest. 
 [A strong opponent has appeared. Defeat the opponent in front of you to receive an instant level up.] 
 This was the reason why Quinn decided not to continue the fight. Whether he would win or not only using his shadow abilities was another story but what he didn't want to do was evolve in front of everybody. If he were to win the fight, the process would start immediately, and not knowing its result was too much of a risk. 
 He could have always fought and then allowed Nate to win at the end but judging from how they fought before, Nate wouldn't have liked that. 
 "No, I refuse. I don't care. I'm fighting, you know, and you better start throwing back!" Nate said as he walked his way across the arena and towards Quinn. 
 But the referee had come in between the two of them, stopping Nate midway. 
 "The contestant has already forfeited. This match is over." 
 The audience watching was all confused at what was happening as they were unable to hear the conversation going on. Then the announcement was made. 
 "Hardsteely has been declared the victor due to forfeit." The crowd was stunned by what had just happened, and so were the others in the booth. 
 But they couldn't be for long, as two more interesting fights were happening by the side and their attention quickly focused on them instead. They could worry about why the other chose to drop out later. 
 "Please!" Nate said. "Just tell me why you won't fight me." 
 "I never said I wouldn't fight you," Quinn replied. "We don't have to fight here; if you really want to fight me, we can do it when this event is over through the game Power fighters." 
 Nate had never thought about this before; he didn't care where they thought; all he wanted to do was have a good fight. 
 "Wait, what's your ID name?" Nate asked. 
 Quinn smiled at him once again. 
 "Don't worry; we're already friends." 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 341 The Final Day 
 With Quinn having forfeited from the fighting event, he was now free to return to the hotel with the others for the night and have rest for the remaining week. It had been a rollercoaster ride of events, but still, not everything was over. 
 It seemed like each time he would make progress somewhere, he would be taking two steps back somewhere else. 
 When the other matches had ended, the reporter wanted to interview him, asking him why he had decided to forfeit his match? However, by the time the other fights were finished, they quickly realized that instead of staying to watch the other fights, Quinn had left to return to his room. 
 Most of the audience understood and started to theorize their own reasons for his forfeit. Either too much power was used in the fight yesterday, and there hadn't been enough time to recover, or there was still more to his ability that the student didn't want to show; after all, it was practically a new ability in the world. 
 The more he fought in front of thousands and thousands of people, the higher the chance the people around could figure it out. Of course, the Big Four didn't have any questions, and Oscar was far more interested in the planet that Quinn had gotten the power from in the first place. 
 While in his room on his own, he still couldn't stop thinking about Peter. It felt cruel in a way that he was just taken. They would never find out his fate or if he was okay. Yet somehow, he was meant to just accept the result. 
 But there was truly nothing he could do about it. The AI system had no clue where the current Vampires lived. With no way to get there, it was pointless to think of a way to save him. 
 'Wait a minute?' 
 Suddenly, Quinn stood up from his bed as a spark had hit him in the head. 
 'The teleportation device, the one in Logan's room. Didn't Fex tell me it leads to the vampires?' 
 A return portal. The only problem was Logan still hadn't managed to crack the code. Past even that, though, what could Quinn even do when he got there? He was still weak. Fex was considered a young vampire, and there were bound to be even more powerful vampires there. 
 Again there was no use thinking about it, but maybe by the time Logan had cracked the code on the device, Quinn would be strong enough to help Peter. 
 The next day, Quinn had joined up with his friends to watch the event. There were only two days left now before everything would come to an end. Meeting up with everyone, the group seemed smaller than before. With Fex and Peter gone, it felt kind of quiet since they were the most talkative bunch in the group. 
 Well, Fex made up for two peoples absence. 
 With Sam there joining them to watch the events, the group decided they would support Nate. Quinn was secretly rooting for him, but something seemed to be off during his match. As if his mind was somewhere else. 
 'We're already friends?' Nate thought. 'What did he mean by that?' He had been thinking about it all night, and even in his fight right now when he should have been fighting, his mind wasn't focused at all. 
 However, this was the semifinals. The second last day. His opponent wasn't taking it easy and instantly revealed his soul weapon. The first-year students watching were now keeping a close eye; for some of them, it was their first time seeing such a thing. 
 With that the match was over as Nate was eliminated via knockout from falling off the ring, but he wasn't upset. For he had finally figured it out. 
 'Does he mean he's already on my friend list? So that means I've met him before in the game.' But he had no recollection of anyone using those types of powers. Nevertheless, he was happy that he would be able to fight the Cursed Child. Who knows, it might have been someone he fought a long time ago, but his skills were weak at the time. 
 The final day of the event had arrived and when Sam had met up with the group, he had brought along a little friend with him. Nate. 
 "You, you... You know this guy, Sam?" Nate said, pointing at the Cursed Child. 
 "Ha, ha, it's a long story. Why don't why just sit down, and I'll tell you all about it." 
 They watched the final day of events and continued to talk, laugh, and tell stories to each other. Nate and Sam seemed to have even known each other before coming to military school, which was a little rare since the organizers tried to purposely split people who did know each other. 
 But because of this, they had plenty of embarrassing stories to tell. When they were done speaking about theirs, they asked about the others starting with Quinn. He explained how his parents died in the war and the mood suddenly had gotten somber. Moving on to Vorden, it seemed he kept avoiding the question completely, and so did Layla. 
 The atmosphere suddenly got a little awkward. It felt as if Nate and Sam were very open about everything, while the others were still hiding. Still, they decided to ignore it since everyone was having a good time before this. 
 "So what about you, Logan?" Sam asked. "What did you do before coming here?" 
 "Not much. I didn't talk to people at my last school as I like to stay alone, started a few gaming projects, and was the same at this school. That is until I met Quinn. Ever since my life seems to have been busier than ever but not in a bad way." 
 "Come on," Layla said. "He's not giving himself enough credit. Those few projects he started in school turned out to be a big deal." 
 "What do you mean?" Sam asked. 
 "Those projects are still ongoing today. Although you guys might know them as the game, Power fighters." Logan answered. 
 "What!" Nate said, suddenly interested. The two of them were enthusiasts for the game, and right now, they were sitting with the inventor. They weren't even aware that a kid created it since his family's name who owned the company was attached to it. 
 "Wait!." said Nate. "That means you must know about the Blood Evolver right? Do you know who he is? Is he really hacking the system?" 
 "Of course, I know who he is," Logan replied with honesty. "But for privacy reasons, I can not reveal that to you. However, I can tell you that he has not hacked the site. The ability being used is a strange one." 
 The conversation between the group continued, mostly with Nate trying to figure out some way for Logan to tell him who the Blood Evolver was, and soon, the last event of the whole week was announced. The grand finale of the fighting event. 
 The group wanted to pay attention to the fight, and so did Quinn. These were the strongest two students out of all seven of the military bases. Due to them being second years, they would be leaving after the end of this year. So there was a good chance Quinn would never see them again. 
 Still, that might not be the case once they left the military. Outside it was a free world, and there was a chance they could run into anybody again. 
 The second reason was due to the soul weapons that would be used. Quinn had a high interest in soul weapons as they seemed to increase one's power significantly. It is said that when one is born, the soul weapon already starts to form based on their traits and personality. Eventually, it will get slightly altered when learning their first ability and will continue to grow from there. Finally, when they are ready, they would be able to manifest one. 
 The thing was, Quinn was unsure if Vampires even had soul weapons. Fex didn't seem to have one; otherwise, he would have used it against the King Tier beast. 
 Maybe unlike humans Vampires when born didn't have a soul weapon inside? 
 But what about him? Quinn was born a vampire and only later turned into a human. And if he did have one, Quinn was starting to wonder what it would be? 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 342 Soul weapon battle 
 The final fight was set to start. The rules were the same as previous rounds with slight changes here and there. The platform they would be fighting in was the largest yet and nearly covered the whole arena floor. From this match, there would be no loss if a participant was knocked out off the stage. 
 In this match, there were also a total of four refs. However, most of their jobs consisted of staying by the outer ring of the arena. If the students looked like they were about to fall, they would quickly build a wall stopping them. 
 The two in the finals were second-year students from other military schools, so Quinn hadn't seen them before apart from the matches from the event. The first he had seen a little bit off was when the level 8 earth user had defeated Sam in one of the previous rounds. 
 As for the other one, he had also seen a few matches of his, and he seemed to be a student from the Graylash family, the power of lightning. 
 "This is the strongest student I've seen the military raise," Mona said, complimenting Oscar on his hard work. 
 "Of course, we saw the potential in him right away and gave him all the resources he needed," Oscar replied. "He nearly knows every skill we have available. I see a bright future for him; who knows he may even eventually become Supreme Commander one day." 
 "Is no one going to complement my family's student?" Owen said, twirling his hair. 
 "If he's as hard-working as your lazy arse, then we already have a winner," Burnie replied. 
 "Well, I actually don't know how strong he is. He is from a generation I did not teach." Said Owen. "As you know, I only recently became the new head; I don't even have a pupil or descendent of my own yet." 
 The fight had started, and the bickering between the two had stopped. 
 The action started almost immediately, with both revealing their trump cards instantly. There was no use trying to hide it or find out how the other would fight. They had ample time to research the fights before the event. 
 The Graylash student lifted his hand in the air, and from the palm of his hand, a blue lightning bolt struck through the air. A few moments later, and the lighting seemed to strike back down, hitting the student directly. A large flash of light was seen, causing most of the audience members to close their eyes. 
 When they opened them again, they could see the student's appearance had changed. His hair was now standing upright, his clothes even seemed to be pulled slightly upward, and this blue aura could be seen surrounding his entire body. 
 At the same time, the Earth user had released his soul weapon. He brought his hands close together and closed his eyes. Suddenly from his fingertips, a white glowing light started to appear and began to form a shape. It had a long handle and a stone head on top. The appearance was that of a hammer. 
 "For some reason, when I look at these two, I feel like the lighting guy should be using the hammer," Vorden said. 
 On display were two different types of soul weapons. The earth user's weapon was a physical one and was most likely going to be used more than just an ordinary hammer. The Graylash family student had a unique trait. An energy that powered his body. 
 Wasting no time, the earth user used the ground to propel him towards the student. It looked as if he was surfing on top of an ocean of mud, when he finally got close enough. He jumped off the mound of mud and raised his hammer. Suddenly, it looked as if it was growing in size. 
 A giant hammer, the size of a house, was created and was slammed down onto the ground. When lifting the hammer, it shrunk back down to its normal size. 
 The audience was expecting to see a splatter of blood, perhaps, like when one would slap a mosquito, but instead, there was nothing. 
 "Cool hammer." The student said as he suddenly appeared behind the earth user. Using both hands, he started to create a continuous stream of lighting, connecting both him and the user. 
 The earth user's body started to shudder in pain, but eventually, he managed to stomp his foot on the ground, building a wall, stopping the electric flow. 
 With the first confrontation over between the two, the crowd cheered louder than ever. Hoping to see more impressive displays of power. 
 The fight continued between the two students, going back and forth, and they both showed great power and were able to use their soul weapons to their full advantage, but eventually, there was a person who had edged out, and that was the earth user. 
 Although the lightning user was strong and seemed to be dominating a lot of the fight, the lightning aura surrounding him seemed to fade. His speed began to slow, and eventually, he was hit by the hammer. 
 The attacks from the Graylasy student were strong, but the armour he was wearing protected him well, and eventually, all of the Graylash family student's soul weapon energy had run out. 
 A winner had been declared—the earth user. 
 Inside the booth, Burnie couldn't contain his happiness; he seemed to be even more pleased than Oscar that the earth user had one. 
 "Oh," Owen said, hearing the loud laughter. "And what happened to the contestants from the Sunshield family. I believe they were all knocked out before even this stage." 
 "Pft, laugh all you want, just because this generation of my family is weak doesn't mean our family is weak as a whole," Burnie replied. "At any point and time, feel free to request a duel between our top students, and I will be happy to comply." 
 Owen truly wasn't too bothered by the loss. His ability was powerful but he also knew it was less effective against the earth users at a higher level. Their attacks just didn't hurt them as much compared to others. 
 With that, the event had come to an end. There was a closing ceremony that thanked all the students who had taken part in. They then rallied up the points of each student to declare a single base a winner. In the end, base four was declared the overall victors. They were also the ones who had the earth user that one the fighting tournament. 
 It was clear that the three main events carried the most points compared to all the other events. Otherwise based on what everyone else was watching. There was no way base four would have been declared the winner. 
 The students were to return to their hotel and pack their things. Once they had finished, they lined up inside the hotel lobby to do a headcount. 
 "Alright, it looks like everyone is here." General Mike said. 
 "Strange." Said Logan. "Have they not realized Fex has gone missing. He was a part of our military base as well. This might prove that although Humans don't know the existence of vampires. They have more pulling power and influence in our world than we think. 
 "And I would like to say one more thing," Mike added. "Sorry about doing this to you again." 
 As he finished, the shutters of the hotel lobby started to come down. Metal doors blocked the entrance way, and soon every small little hole was now closed. 
 Looking around, all the soldiers and school staff were now wearing their gas masks, and slowly the room started to fill with gas again 
 'Oh well, time to fake it again.' Said Quinn, knowing that the gas would not affect him. 
 Once all the students had been knocked out, the shutters were lifted, and a portal from outside was brought in. While awake, though, Quinn could hear a strange conversation going on. 
 "What do I owe the pleasure of such a humble visit from you four?" Mike said as he walked over to the entrance of the hotel. 
 Inside, walking into the lobby, were all members of the Big Four. 
 "Don't worry about us," Burnie said. "We are here just to see that all the students are transported back safely." 
 It was a little strange. Right now, every hotel was doing the same thing with their set of students. So what had made the big four come over to this hotel specifically? Mike thought. 
 The reason for their visit was Quinn. They were here to make sure nobody tried to do anything to him during the transportation process, and they had even dragged Jack to come with them. 
 'These guys, they were dead serious when they said they didn't want anybody touching him.' Jack thought. 
 Jack could now see, they truly would do anything to protect Quinn. Which meant he would be able to do nothing while he was at the second military base. 
 Once all the students were safely transported, everyone was free to go back to their own dorms and do as they wished, and that included Jack. 
 Using a portable teleporter of his own, he was safely able to arrive in his own city. The location of the teleporter was also directly to his own tower. A base that he had built under it. 
 When arriving, There were around a hundred people lined up to greet him. 
 "We welcome you home. Master Truedream!" They all shouted as he came out of the teleporter. 
 Just then, Kevin stood out from the line to deliver a report. 
 "Sir, I have some important news. It's about the Blade family you told me to research. We've found their base." Said Keven. 
 "Excellent," Jack said with a smile as he walked off. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: JSmanga 

 
	 Chapter 343 Home sweet home 
 Everyone had safely made it back to military school in one piece. On the night of their arrival, there wasn't much to do. The event had ended on a Friday evening, so by the time they had woken up again from the special gas. It was near enough already the end of the day. The students were told to head back to their rooms and unpack their belongings. There wasn't much that they took with them so it wouldn't take long to sort themselves out. 
 When returning to his room, Quinn had a sense or an unexpected feeling of being home. He never really had a place to call his. Since he was a kid, he would often move from place to place every time he went to a new school. 
 With no one to go back to or at a permanent base, there was never that home sweet home feeling. For the first time, he had it when he entered his room with Vorden. 
 It was a quick night for the boys. As soon as they finished unpacking they had gone to sleep. But Layla had a lot of work to do. From the event, she had been informed that Cia was an agent of Pure. This most likely meant that Cia also had a variety of tools that had been given to her that were hidden in the room. If they weren't in the room then there would be somewhere else. 
 Thankfully, it seemed like Cia was still being looked after by the doctors for a few days before allowing her to return to her room. This would give Layla a head start of clearing everything she could find. 
 Upon returning to her room, she searched and searched. This time looking harder than before. When she first arrived, she had done a quick sweep, looking for cameras and microphones but found none. But she had never suspected her classmates to also be spying on her. 
 After a deep search and going through Cia's belongings, there were several things found, including a communication ball. The same as Layla had. It was continually flashing blue showing that there were messages left behind. 
 'Should I just destroy it and forget about everything.' She said, looking at it. 
 She lifted her hand and placed it just a little over the ball. Ready to use her powers to rip it apart. But then, placed it down by her side again. 
 'No, I can't destroy it, not yet. There's one more person I need to get out of there... Erin.' 
 Although Layla had now cut ties with Pure, she had sent her closest friend at the time over to their side. Perhaps at some point, the communication device would come in handy. She no longer had hers and destroyed it in haste. At the time she acted on emotion rather than thinking things through, but now she had the time to think. It would be best to keep it for now. 
 'Erin, I promise I will come to get you one day.' 
 It was now the weekend. Students were exempt from lessons for the next two days and would start their schedule as normal for the final term. After that, there would be a short summer break for the students where they were able to go home and see their family. 
 Although Quinn didn't know what he would do during that time, it was still a little far ahead for him to be thinking about it. 
 "So, you got anything special planned for these two days?" Vorden asked as he laid down in his bed. 
 "Not really, I think I might just check up on everyone to see how they're doing, then head to the VR centre later on," Quinn replied. 
 "Wait, you were serious about facing Nate in a Powerfighter match. How are you going to explain to him about the red aura and the shadow ability?" 
 "I won't." Said Quinn. "More than anything he just wants a fight. Even if he knows who I am it will be impossible to prove and it doesn't make any sense. The only person it would make sense to is him. Besides, I have Logan. Say worst comes to worst and an investigation does take place, Logan can just say I'm not the blood evolver and state that he's at another base. Not that I think it will come to that anyway." 
 "You really depend on Logan a little too much," Vorden said. 
 "Hey, don't forget about what you all did. I think you guys owe me at least this much after going behind my back." 
 "Are you trying to blackmail us, not cool man, not cool." 
 The two of them started to laugh as they knew they were just having a jab at each other, and with that, Quinn decided to head off to Logan's room. However, he hadn't been completely truthful to Vorden, he didn't want to check up on the others but more specifically he wanted to just check up on Logan. 
 A single knock was placed on the door. 
 "Come in," Logan said. 
 And Quinn entered the room. The place this time looked a little different compared to before. The research he had done about the school's underground dungeons had moved to this room instead. 
 "Hey, do you still think that information is useful?" Quinn asked. "You know, now that Peter not there anymore." 
 "It's always handy to keep data," Logan explained. "You never know when we could use it for future events. Perhaps one day, you, me, or the others will be placed there. I hope if I get trapped there, you could use the information to try to break me free as well. So what brings you here?" 
 While Logan was giving his reply, Quinn continued to look around the room, but the last question had caught him slightly off guard. 
 "Who said I wasn't here just to see if you were okay?" Quinn replied. 
 "Look, I've known you for a while now and there seems to be a pattern. If you come to me in the afternoon, as long as there's not an urgent problem, then you are usually there to check up on me and see how I'm doing."Logan explained. "But if you come in the early morning, usually it's because you have a question or a task for me to do." 
 Quinn felt a little awkward and guilty now. It was fine when checking up on someone to then ask for a favour or snoop around, but now it felt like the only reason he had come here was to ask Logan for something. Even worse, it was true and he realized it. 
 "Actually, I don't have anything to ask this time or not a favour at least, I wanted to see how you were doing with that strange square device from before," Quinn asked. 
 Logan, using his two small legs, pushed his feet and rolled across the room with his chair to the other side. On this side of the room, one of the computers out of the many was attached up with wires leading to the strange device. On the screen, different combinations continued to appear, and each time it would flash red it would move onto the next one. 
 "It's taking a little longer than I thought," Logan said. "But the good thing is it will definitely unlock eventually, I just have no clue when." 
 "Is there any way of finding out where it goes once it's unlocked?" 
 "Not really, other than going through ourselves, but who knows if we can come back. We would have to take a portable portal device with us just in case." Logan said. 
 "Wait, you're really going to go through there," Quinn asked, worried for logan. "Well, if you can please, let me know when the machine unlocks. I don't want you to go there by yourself, bring me along, you can think of me as your bodyguard." 
 "I'm not a kid, I can do these things by myself," Logan replied, seeming to be annoyed at Quinn's suggestion. 
 "Sorry, you know I didn't mean it like that, just I'm really interested just like you. My system was the one that told me it was made by Richard Eno, and there might be a chance this leads to his base or something. If so, maybe he would be able to help us in finding out what this system is." 
 Placing his hand on his chin, Logan started to think about it. It was true that with the help of Eno, it might be a lot easier, but Logan wanted to discover things about Quinn's system on his own. However, there was one possibility, Logan never ruled it out in the first place. Eno was a person who always seemed to be ahead of everyone else when it came to technological advances; there could even be a chance he had something to do with creating the system. 
 "Alright, I'll let you know when It gets unlocked." 
 With all formalities said and done, Logan got back to working on more gadgets. After the fight with the king tier and feeling a little weak. He wanted to create some new items for himself. There was always the chance more trouble could be on the way. 
 The next stop for Quinn was to head to the VR room. He had promised Nate he would do battle with him and he wanted to keep his word. Even if Nate wasn't online yet, Quinn had the chance to play a couple more games. 
 When walking through the hallway, there was a familiar face that he didn't expect to meet. 
 "Oh, Quinn. It's been a while since me and you were able to talk." Leo said. "Do you mind meeting me in the martial arts hall? I have some important news to tell you?" 
 There was no rush for Quinn to play the game. After all, there was no confirmed time, or set time the two would meet. If the two happened to be online he would send an invite. So Nate could wait for now. 
 "Sure, why don't we head there together?" 
 During the walk to the martial arts hall, it was quite silent between the two. Quinn always found it hard to read Leo, but at the same time, he trusted him. It was a good thing he did as well, for he had helped out big time during the events with Peter. It was because of people like him, that Quinn hadn't completely given up on hope for humanity. 
 The problem was at the moment. There seemed to be two bad people for every one good person he would meet. 
 They had eventually arrived in the marital hall and it felt large and empty without any of the students inside. The weapons were still on the wall, and it reminded Quinn of his first day here. 
 Leo headed to the back of the room and sat up against the back wall crossing his legs. Quinn then followed and did the same sitting opposite him. 
 "Quinn, I wanted to tell you something. It was a decision I have been going backwards and fourth but was always going to do at one point. I will no longer be a teacher here. I'm leaving for good." Leo said. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to help support the creation of the webtoon you can at P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 344 A parting gif 
 A metallic fist pounded onto the poor students' face, and at the same time, 'The Winner', appeared written in big, bold letters, now floated above his head. 
 "This is starting to get a little boring," Nate said. 
 He opened up the game screen and started to scroll down through his friend's list. There weren't many on the list, as he would often only send out a request to those he had found interesting. 
 'Damn it, who is he?' Nate said in anger. 'I sent everyone who was online on my friends list a fighting request, and it turns out he's not a single one of them. Even worse, I can't even remember why I added half these people in the first place.' 
 Being with Nate and having watched his last few matches it looked like Nate had gotten stronger again, very strong. It was a shame if this fight was to happen, only he would be able to see it. 
 "Calm down," Sam said. "Maybe he's not like us. Not everyone plays the game this much. Even if he said he would send you an invite, he didn't say when." 
 At this point, Sam had actually put nearly everything together and had made a guess at who the Cursed Child was. Although their powers weren't the same, it was the only thing he could think of, hearing what he had said at the end of the match. 
 He had only come up with this theory after finding out that Logan was the creator of the game. Perhaps when Quinn had made that shadow dome, he started to display powers that would have been similar to what he used in the game. 
 With Logan, he could always ask him to program it, so his powers looked different when performing it in the game. This way, his ability would still be kept secret from the world. 
 But Sam didn't want to tell Nate this; first of all, it was only a theory, and he wasn't a hundred percent sure this was right. The second thing was, he wanted to see the joy on Nate's face when he found out the Cursed Child and Blood evolver were the same person. 
 *** 
 Inside the martial arts hall, two people were sitting opposite each other quietly. Quinn couldn't believe what he had just heard. Of course, people weren't able to just leave the military freely when they wanted, especially for a teacher still in the middle of their term. But what Quinn didn't know was Leo had multiple conditions set when he had agreed to join, one of them allowing him to leave whenever he wished. 
 This wasn't normal for teachers or military to have but it was one of the things that allowed them to sway him over to thier side. 
 This news had made Quinn upset. Leo was the first adult who treated him normally even at a low power level, and even after finding out he was a vampire. There weren't many people out there like him. 
 "Can I ask why?" Quinn asked. 
 "Of course, it's why I wanted to speak to you," Leo replied. "I started to realize it after what happened during the event. You know, I know you, Peter and the Boy Fex were the same types of people. The student Fex hasn't returned, and we were told he transferred to another base due to complications, but when trying to find out more about what happened to him, I couldn't. 
 "Not only that but during the event itself, I met another that was like you." 
 'Is he talking about a vampire? The others said someone had come to collect Fex. Is it possible that it's who he's talking about?' Quinn thought. 
 "My guess was that she was there to save Peter, and now that Peter is no longer here, I believe they succeeded. But during that time, the two of us fought." 
 Hearing this was shocking to Quinn. Seeing that Leo was fine, even during the event, must have meant he could go toe to toe with an adult vampire. Leo was indeed powerful. At the same time, Quinn wished he was there at the time to see the fight. 
 He could have learnt a lot of things watching two skilled participants. 
 "If the two of us fought at full strength, I honestly don't know which of us would win. Our confrontation was short, but it was enough for me to realize that being here has made me a little soft. After the war, I thought it might have been my time to rest and teach a new generation. However, I didn't realize how corrupt the current system is. 
 "Not only that, but it's now too risky for me to be here. I don't regret my involvement in helping you kids. It brings joy to my heart. But if the military were to find out, I don't know what would happen. There seem to be greater forces at play here that we can not see. 
 "Quinn, let me tell you. There's a war coming. Whether it will be against each other, humans against humans, against the Dalki, or an unknown force, I do not know. But I want to be there to protect my friends and family when I can. To do that, I need to train once again, and I can not do that here." 
 The feeling that Quinn had was the same as Leo. He thought others wouldn't have this feeling of worry over their shoulder. That the current life they're living now could be taken away at any second. And the last person he thought would feel they would need to get stronger was Leo. He was already plenty strong. Yet, he still felt like the need to get stronger to protect those around him. 
 "Thank you for telling me. I understand, but why did you feel the need to tell me. After all, you know I'm different." Quinn replied. 
 Leo then smiled at Quinn. 
 "Because although we may be different in one way, I feel like we are nearly precisely the same in another. Both of us want to get strong to protect those around us. When we first met, I felt it." 
 "As a leaving gift, there are two things I want to give you." 
 Leo then reached around behind him and pulled out what looked like three beast crystals. Each one with its outer layer transparent in colour. 
 "Are these beast crystals?" Quinns said as he looked closely at them. "What level are they at? They're so clear!" 
 "These crystals are at the advanced level. They are specially chosen to be used to be made into a gauntlet type weapon. I wish I could have given you one of my own weapons, but there is a particular reason why I can't. But this is the next best thing." 
 Leo said as he tried to place the crystals into Quinn's hand, but almost immediately, Quinn pushed the crystals back towards Leo. 
 "I can't. I didn't earn these myself. It doesn't feel right." Said Quinn. 
 "Now is not the time to be so foolish. When you are fighting an enemy, do you think they care how you got these crystals? When you need to protect those close to you, does it matter where you got that power from? Or would you rather see those close to you die because of some silly pride?" Leo was quite stern and straight when he said this, but he needed to be. 
 Quinn was only 16 years old, but soon, he would turn into an adult and leave, and who knows when the war would start again. 
 After hearing Leo's wise words, Quinn took the crystal and placed them in his lap for now. 
 "The second thing I wanted to give you is not a gift, but something that can only be taught. First of all, tell me what tier do you think my weapon is at?" Leo asked as he pulled his sword out and placed it down for Quinn to look at. 
 He had seen Leo defeat a Dalki with a single strike, and he knew he was powerful. To be able to be so strong, it had to be at a great tier. 
 "Is it a legendary tier weapon?" Quinn asked. 
 "Well, you would be more surprised then when I tell you it is only at the King Tier Level!" Leo replied. "In the past, before beast tier weapons even existed, there was a small group of people who would be able to cut giant stones with their swords. Lift buildings ten times their weight and slow down the ageing process. 
 "Yet, not a single one of them had what we know today as abilities, but they certainly had powers beyond that of a normal human." 
 Hearing this, Quinn thought these humans sounded like Vampires, with the things they could do, but it was clear Leo wasn't going in that direction. Even though he knew Quinn was different, not once had he called him a vampire. 
 "I am a descendant of these types of people, this isn't an ability, and in truth, every human out there is capable of achieving such results. Some even achieve it without realizing it. It's what saved me during the war. This thing is inside our bodies, and it's known as Qi. I want to teach you this special technique, and hopefully, you will be able to use it wisely. 
 "But before even that, I will need to explain to you how I came to learn of it and how I also became known as the hero, the blind swordsman." 
 **** 
 For MVS updates and artwork, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 345 Leo's pas 
 "Qi" The word was foreign to Quinn. He had never heard of it before or even heard someone mention it. From the way Leo spoke about it, it sounded like some mystic energy that perhaps people used to harness a long time ago. 
 Thinking back, Quinn started to remember something Vorden had told him a while ago. At one point Vorden had managed to copy Leo's powers. When looking at Leo, he could see the same thing he could, yet Vorden's could feel his own energy at the time was far weaker then Leo's. 
 This might have had something to do with Qi as well. Vorden was only able to copy the amount of MC cell's someone had. 
 'Could the large energy that Vorden was seeing at the time be Qi?' 
 Whatever it was, Quinn wanted to learn about it. He was ready to listen to Leo's story. For back then during the war, he had been classified as a hero, and he had even seen the power first hand. 
 Any strength added to his own would be a plus. 
 "I was born blind, it wasn����t latter on in life, and it wasn't during the war like many people suspect. I never had eyesight to begin with, I have never seen the colour of the sky, nor the grass. 
 "Even before the introductions of abilities, the world was a cruel place. Discrimination existed back then just like it does now but in different forms. As for me, I was abandoned and left outside a temple by my parents, my only guess is they couldn't deal with the idea of raising a blind baby. Although to this day I don't really blame them. 
 "Form what I had learned, later on, the country I grew up in was a poor one, and the place even worse. People had children in hopes that they would be able to better thier lives in the future. Work on the farm, help put in the village. But a blind perosn would be disadvantaged when it came to these things, and I would only be another mouth to feed. 
 "In the end, I think my parents loved me enough to make sure I arrived at a place they could trust. Rather than just abandoning me, and for that reason, I can't say I hate them." 
 Quinn had also heard some stories of parents who had given up on thier kids, after learning thier MC cells had a low limit. It seemed rather than getting better, things had only gotten worst since the past. 
 "Luckily for me, it wasn't an ordinary temple they had dropped me at. Noticing I was blind, they knew it would be pointless to bring me to an orphanage. If people had the choice out of a baby that was perfect or one that couldn't see it would be a long time until a soul gentle enough would take me in. 
 "However, he also felt like he could greatly help me, for he was a master of Qi. He ran a dojo and taught many students and at first, he decided to teach me, not because he wanted me to learn how to fight, but he thought it would greatly help me grow and navigate my way around. 
 "You see, Qi lets you feel the energy of living things around you. In a way, my Master felt like if he taught me this, he would be giving me a vision I never had. After years of learning and growing up by my master side, a strange thing happened. When I mastered how to use Qi, at the same time, I had unlocked my ability. 
 "At the time I didn't know this and abilities weren't widespread and were still kept secret. When I explained what I could see, My Master told me not to tell anyone about it, but for the first time, I felt like I could see and join in with my fellow brothers and sisters with thier training. 
 "My ability helped me progress faster than those around me, as I was able to see the flow of energy that my Master would often talk about easier. When sparing with my fellow brothers, it would give me an advantage. Every human has Qi, but a lot don't know how to grow or use it properly. When one would attack, I would see the Qi move before them. 
 "Fast forward several years and the war with the Dalki had started. The use of weapons clearly didn't work, and it looked like the human race would soon die. I was young and hot-headed back then but continually argued with my Master, asking why hadn't we gone to join the fight. 
 "We were a small group of only thirty students, but I knew with our unique talents we would be able to help some people at least. However, my Master said our home was here, and it wasn't our place. The temple oversaw a small town full of life. It was away from the war and all the fighting. We were up relatively high, and it seemed like nobody had found us yet. 
 "But every day I would watch news of what was going on. That's when people with abilities started to come forward. They began to turn the tide of the war. They were hailed as heroes and continued to be cheered and supported around the whole world. 
 "'That could have been me' I thought. I was envious, jealous of these ability users. We could have helped and also been a part of those groups. Yet even with our power, we did nothing. 
 "Later on the discovery of the portals were made soon after and that led to beast weapons. The war was still ongoing, and now the world was into heavy recruitment. People didn't have a choice, if you were old enough, you were told to fight." 
 Quinn remembered this time period well, for this was also when his mother and father were placed in the war. 
 "Knowing this piece of information, I did something I wish I had never done. The small town on top of the mountain was unregistered with any country. Nobody knew of our existence. I didn't want to miss out again. What was the point of having all this power and skill and never being able to use it? Shouldn't we have used it to help the fight? 
 "One week, I went down to the nearest city and reviled that there was a whole town of people to the World alliance. They immediately sent in thier soldiers and told everyone to relocate. They moved us all to another planet. An Orange portal planet at the time. Our job was to defeat the beasts and obtain the crystals, delivering them to the army. 
 "They had given us guns that worked against the basic tier beats but after that thier armour or hide would be too tough. However, they didn't know about our talents, and even without the weapons, we were able to complete our tasks better then they had expected. In return, they finally gave us beast weapons and we even formed a special unit. 
 "The planet had become a peaceful place, and we had managed to make a settlement similar on the planet, to what we had back on earth. But then, the Dalki came and attacked. The bulk of us, including my Master and me, was out on a hunt for beats. When our group returned, the whole village had already nearly been destroyed. 
 "When we arrived we could see a single Dalki ship, which usuelly contained a unit of twelve. We fought with them till the bitter end and the only ones that had survived the fight were my Master and me. All of our pupils and everyone in the village had died. 
 "It was because of me the whole town had been relocated to the planet. There was a good chance we could have continued living peacefully on earth. Not only that, but me and my Master never spoke again." 
 When telling the story, Quinn could feel the sadness and guilt in his words. 
 "But I don't think it is your fault," Quinn replied. "There was no guarantee they would have never found you on that mountain in the first place, you might have even survived longer moving to the planet and also if you do have the power, I don't see why it's wrong to try fight back?" 
 "And this is why I wish to tell you my story, so you don't end up making the same mistake I did," Leo replied. "You see now at my age I realised a few things I could have done differently. Why did I have to get the whole town involved in my mess, and my fellow brothers? If I wanted to fight, I could have done it on my own? But no, I was scared. 
 "Worse then that, they had things to lose, my Master's whole family was in that village, his wife, his kids and the same for the others. Where I had nothing, I had no family, no one to worry about and just had my power and skills. Or that's what I thought. When I lost everything, I realised I did have a family, but it was a little too late. 
 "From that event, my Master and I had gotten quite famous. For it was the first time a planet or group were able to fend off and kill all the invading Dalkis. I used this as an opportunity. 
 "With this huge burden and regret on my back, I decided to take vengeance against the Dalki. I showed the military my powers, something my Master told me to never do and went on the front lines. I fought well and was hailed a hero, I became one of the heroes I had heard about on TV, but when I reached that point, I didn't feel any better about myself, and the praise wasn't as great as I imagined. All I wanted to do was turn back time. 
 "I still don't understand everything there is to understand about Qi. When the other students died, it seemed like a part of them was transferred into the beast equipment they were using at the time or at least thier Qi. It's stronger than your standard equipment but will only work with the use of your own Qi. That is why I can not give you any of my own weapons yet. 
 "My Master is still out there somewhere. Although he might be dead, who knows. 
 "Still, If he is dead, then I will be the only one alive who knows how to use this power, and that's why I have decided to teach you." 
 Leo, stood up from his seat and walked over to Quinn's side. The pressure coming off his body could be felt all over and was causing Quinn to sweat, it also became difficult to breathe. 
 'Is this Qi?' 
 Even if he wanted to move, it felt like he couldn't as if an invisible force was surrounding him. 
 "Let me pass on my knowledge to you," Leo said as he placed his hand on top of Quinn's head. 
 **** 
 For MVS Artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 IF you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 346 A grave mistake 
 The second Leo placed his hand on top of Quinn's head, he started to try and transfer a part of his own Qi into his body, but unlike how he thought it would go, it proved to be a bit of struggle. 
 'It feels like something is trying to block the process; the strange purple energy is cutting off my own energy.' Leo thought. 
 Leo had never tried this before, so he was unsure if this was the standard procedure or was it because Quinn wasn't exactly human. He attempted again, only this time, being a bit more forceful. Even with humans, some bodies were more willing to accept outside forces of power than others. 
 At the same time, this was happening. A message had appeared in front of Quinn. 
 [An unknown energy is attempting to enter your body] 
 [Allowing this to enter your body could have unknown consequences] 
 [Allow the energy to enter your body?] 
 [Yes] [No] 
 "System, I need to ask you, do you think it will be a problem if I accept this Qi?" Quinn asked. 
 "I honestly don't know either." The system replied. "Just like you, I have never heard of this before. The things that he described humans being capable of doing, a strong vampire would have been able to do them anyway. Our bodies would naturally start to get stronger as we progressed our skills. So we mainly focused on those aspects. 
 "This doesn't mean we can't learn Qi, but I guess that there was never a need for it in the first place." 
 Quinn was struggling with what to do. If he could learn something that even the vampires didn't know, then wouldn't this allow him to gain a slight edge? At the same time, the system itself seemed always to want to help him, unlike the System AI who chose to keep secrets. 
 However, judging by the fact that the system had named "Qi" an unknown substance, would most likely also mean that whoever created the system didn't know of Qi either. 
 'So, is the system just trying to be extra safe?' 
 "If it were me, I would do it." The system said. "I don't see a huge downside, and I can't imagine this teacher of yours wanting to hurt you. Besides, it would be quite an interesting experiment to see, don't you think? 
 "Yeah with me as the lab rat who's the one going take the fall for it if anything went wrong," Quinn replied. 
 After thinking about it for a while, he eventually decided to take the plunge. 
 [Yes] 
 'If Leo can give this strange power to me, then if anything went wrong he should be able to take it back as well. If he wanted to hurt me, he would have done so many times already. And this is his leaving gift. Too many people have already left, and I have nothing to remember them by.' Quinn thought. 
 The energy that Leo was trying to share suddenly started to go through; there was nothing different on his end, apart from being more forceful. He didn't quite understand what was happening but went along with it anyway. 
 The only frame of reference he had, was what his master had done to him. 
 "As this energy passes through I want you to remember this feeling. In a moment my Qi will join with yours. I have put in a small amount that shouldn't be able to take or damage yours in any way. I have only done this to guide it around your body." 
 With his eyes closed, Quinn started to imagine it. He could feel a glowing feeling travelling from down his head into his body like a little ball of bright light. It carried on moving through his body until it eventually reached his belly. That's when the size of the energy started to grow. 
 "The two energies appear to have attached." Said Quinn. 
 "Good, good you're a fast learner like I was." 
 Still attached to Quinn's head, Leo started to move the energy around so Quinn could get the hang of the feeling. He moved it from his hand to the edge of his fingertips all the way to his toes and continued to move it around his body. 
 "When you learn to control this feeling yourself, you can start to implement it into things you touch, including weapons. Not only will you be able to activate beast gear as others do, but you will be able to do a second unlocking. Now, this doesn't work on all equipment and usually only high-level equipment. This second unlocking is basically what we currently call a weapon skill. 
 "Have you ever thought why when forgers create a weapon, even if they both use the same material, one weapon can have a skill attached to it and one can not? It's because without realising it, they have learnt how to harness Qi into their forging techniques to create this second unlocking." 
 It had been a long time since the two had been doing this and Quinn hadn't even realised. He had been so calm and focused on the feeling. It was as if he had entered a peaceful state. He couldn't tell what was going on outside and only focused on the energy. 
 "Okay the session is over, I will now move the energy out of your body. This can feel a little weird, so bear with me, and you may also feel a little weak after." Leo explained. 
 The force that was in his stomach suddenly split from the larger force. It felt as if someone had reached down into his throat and pulled something from Quinn's stomach. It surely was an uncomfortable feeling for him. 
 The energy travelled upward and eventually stopped at the top of his head, where Leo's hand was placed. Once again, Leo could feel his energy stuck there. The purple aura that surrounds Quinn's body started to gather around the top half of Quinn's upper body as if it didn't like what Leo was trying to do. 
 [The unknown energy is trying to leave your body] 
 [Do you want to allow the energy to leave your body?] 
 [Yes] [No] 
 The same type of message had appeared when Leo tried to take out the Qi, but before Quinn could reply and while he was reading the message. Leo continued to try to take the energy out from Quinn forcefully. 
 'Last time, I struggled a bit as well, maybe I just need to be a little more forceful? At worst, I will only take some of the boy's energy that he will reign over time.' 
 "Okay, I'm just going to pull a little harder, it shouldn't hurt but that strange feeling, you might feel it again," Leo explained. 
 "No, wait!" Quinn shouted, but it was too late. 
 The energy had been forcefully pulled from Quinn, and the message had disappeared. Quickly opening his eyes, he could see Leo standing back with his arm held out as if it was on fire, but Quinn was unable to see what he could see. 
 When forcefully pulling the energy out, he had not only pulled out his and Quinn's Qi into his body, but the strange purple aura surrounding it. He could see the force entering his body from his arm, and it was quickly taking over and spreading. 
 "Are you okay ?" Quinn asked worriedly. 
 "It's not your fault boy. I was too rash. I should have known you were different, so your body may have reacted differently. Just don't say another word while I concentrate." Leo said as he sat down on the floor and closed his eyes. 
 He tried his best to combat the strange purple energy that was now inside him with his own. Moving his Qi to combat it, but it was a force he was unfamiliar with. 
 'System, what's going on?' 
 As Quinn asked that question, his dull brown eyes started to light up red, and a connection was starting to be felt between his energy and the one flowing through Leo's body as well. 
 [Blood ritual Skill activated] 
 "No, what have I done. Cancel! Cancel!" Quinn shouted out loud, not caring if Leo heard or not. This was something he never expected; this wasn't what he wanted to happen. It wasn't his decision to turn someone like this. 
 No matter how much Leo tried to get rid of the strange purple energy, the only thing he could do was slow it down. Eventually, he realised that the purple energy would take over his entire body. 
 "I'm sorry," Quinn said as his knees hit the floor and he knelt down in front of Leo. 
 Leo opened his eyes, even if he couldn't see out of them, it was a natural reaction for him when talking to someone. His eyes looked, different to before, they too had started to glow red. 
 He could hear the sniffles and sobs coming from Quinn. It gave him an idea of what was happening to him. For the boy known as Peter once had regular human energy flowing through him. That one day changed to purple as well. 
 "This is not your fault boy. This is partially my fault as well. We, as humans all make mistakes, that's how we learn. Whatever is about to happen, I'm ready." 
 He no longer fought back the purple energy, and now it was able to spread across his whole body freely. But Leo didn't feel weak as such; he felt stronger and more alive than ever. 
 [Blood ritual was a success] 
 [The human has successfully been blooded 2/3] 
 …. 
 ***** 
 For MVS Artwork and updates follow Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 347 An Error 
 'Even though I tried to stop it, I still couldn't. What have I done?' Quinn thought as he looked at the message that appeared in front of him. 
 [Blood ritual was a sucess] 
 [The human has successfully been blooded 2/3] 
 [A new member of the Cursed family has been created] 
 [Leo Suiyan is now a vampire] 
 [Additnal information available when using inspect!] 
 There was a tiny bit of relief when Quinn had seen that Leo had transformed into a vampire rather than one of the available subclasses. It was one less problem for him to deal with. 
 This was perhaps due to how much strength he already had, but then again, he could only make guesses because he didn't really know how the whole thing seemed to work. 
 But still, there was no way he could be happy about this, he had just turned someone who was unwilling, it wasn't like Peter where the only option was to save his life, and it wasn't like Layla who had requested him to. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Leo Suiyan] 
 [Ability: none] 
 [Class: Vampire (Unable to evolve)] 
 [A vampire's senses and overall stats are improved. The user will be stronger and faster. When in sunlight, thier strength will weaken. They will now be able to perform blood abilities. Blood abilities being used will cause the user's health to deteriorate quicker and thier hunger to grow faster. The user must consume blood when needed.] 
 [Further class evolutions available: Vampire Noble, Vampire knight (error!)] 
 [The Vampire is unable to evolve at this point and time, the Vampire can not surpass its leader in rank.] 
 "That's a little strange." The AI said reading the message along with Quinn. "Usuelly vampires are able to evolve as long as they are strong enough. Thier no such restrictions. Although I guess this really is a unique situation, as thier has never been a vampire leader before who is only at the evolution stage of a vampire. I guess that does complicate things a little." 
 However, Quinn didn't care about that for now. He was far too worried about how Leo would react, not only had he turned him into a vampire he had also made him lose his ability. Something Leo relied on for his eyesight. 
 "Leo, are you…how do you feel?" Quinn asked carefully ready for him to possible lash out in anger. 
 "I feel great!" Leo responded in a surprisingly upbeat tone. What he was saying was the truth, and it wasn't just to make Quinn feel better. He had felt like he had obtained a whole new body. His hearing was already sensitive before, but now it was even better, as, for his eyesight, there was no improvement in that department. He was still unable to see anything. 
 "And your ability?" Quinn asked. 
 Leo then closed his eyes and tried to activate his ability, but there was nothing. The aura he could see before and the wireframe everything he viewed objects, the walls, they could no longer be seen. Still, he did not panic, he took a deep breath and thought back to when he was at the temple. 
 He started to focus his Qi around his body. Eventually, He targeted the location of his eyes, the exact thing he did when he was a child and thier was a result… 
 "Looks like you do know whats happened to me then. My ability seems to have weekend greatly, its as if it returned to when I had first discovered it." 
 Shocked by, Leo answer, Quinn quickly used the inspect skill again and this time, he could see that the section by ability was no longer empty. 
 The ability was also compatible with vampires, the only downside was, his MC cells had been refreshed and had reverted back to when he had first discovered his ability. It would take some time until it went back to normal, but Leo wasn't worried about this. 
 As an original, there were no books he needed to learn from, he was the one who was able to grow his abilities power alone. He could silently practice whenever needed to. 
 Even though his ability had weakened, he did not feel more disadvantaged than before. He felt like with his other senses having improved, they had more then lacked up for his ability power decreasing. 
 "Well then, I never thought I would ask you this question as quite honestly, I didn't think I would get this deeply involved in your troubles, but it seems like I have done. So what am I, or maybe I should ask, what are we?" Leo asked. 
 This was something Quinn was never prepared for, he had envisioned telling people one day what he was but not right now. Revelling the truth to his friends compared to his teacher was a lot harder for some reason. 
 He wasn't ready, but he had to, he had to make sure Leo would be prepared for everything that would be coming towards him. 
 "It's a long one… and I'll explain as much as I can," Quinn said. 
 The two of them sat down once again opposite each other. When looking at Leo, a smile could still be seen on his face as he was happy with his newfound body. It made things a little easier for Quinn when speaking. Quinn started by explaining that he was a vampire, Leo didn't interrupt and allowed him to thoroughly explain everything. 
 Quinn started off with his own experience, stating how his body was stronger, faster and his sight was even better than before. All though they quickly went over the sight part since it had nothing to do with Leo. Then the hard parts had come, the downsides of being a vampire. Leo would now be affected by sunlight and suddenly feel weaker during the day, and he would have to consume blood to fill his hunger. 
 After finishing explaining everything about Vampires, Quinn then also went to explain about what had happened so far, and Leo was starting to paint a picture of why people kept turning up and also the relation of Fex. 
 He felt like this part also needed to be explained as there was a possibility just like how the others came after Peter, they could now come after Leo as well. 
 After everything was said and done, Quinn looked downward at the floor waiting for Leo's response. He couldn't even look at him right now. 
 Leo was busy thinking, the women he had met at the event who tried stopping him and the flask filled with blood. Everything was starting to make sense. And it seemed like even the vampires had thier own set of rules to follow. 
 "You kids have had a lot on your shoulders this whole time. No wonder you had so many mistakes and mishaps along the way. This is too much for anyone, never mind someone your age." Leo responded. 
 "Wait, you're not mad?" Quinn asked. 
 "What's the point of getting mad, what's done is done. Thier is nothing I can do to change it and if I was to get mad, would it fix anything?" 
 Leo then stood up from where he was standing, he wished to test out his new body and skills. Without saying anything, he walked to the centre of the martial arts hall, and Quinn watched carefully. 
 He swung his blade as fast as he could in all sorts of directions. The speed was amazing that even Quinn, who had better eyesight than most was struggling to keep up with it. Not just that, but the sound, he could tell from the sound alone those strikes would cause serious damage to anyone. 
 While continuously swinging the blade, Leo could feel something strange. A new energy, it wasn't like the Qi he typically used, but something was bubbling and boiling up inside of him. He continued to swing his blade until eventually, he released this energy out of his sword with a strike. 
 With the swing of the sword, shortly after a large line of red aura went out following it. The attack continued going forward until it had just disappeared before hitting the wall. 
 "Blood swipe!" Quinn said. 
 "Oh, so I guess this is a skill from the vampires then. It seems powerful." Leo replied. 
 But this wasn't just any blood swipe. From looks alone, Quinn could tell it was larger, faster and more powerful than any blood swipe he had ever produced. With Leo being plenty strong before and now with his vampire body and powers on top of it, he truly might have just created a monster. 
 "What are you going to do now, if you want I can help you. If you need blood, I have friends that can help and if you have any questions you want to ask I can help?" Quinn said, still feeling guilty about the whole thing. 
 "Quinn, I still haven't changed my decision to leave this place. I think now that this has happened; it's given me more reason to do so than ever before. I hope you understand." Said Leo. 
 "You know, if you wanted to, you could order him to stay." The system said. "He would have to comply since he is under you." 
 'I know, but it's his life.' 
 "Then before you go, please take this." Quinn removed the ring from his finger and threw it over to where Leo was. For a brief second Quinn forgot he was blind and was afraid the ring would just hit the floor. 
 But like a bat, based on the ting sound he was able to locate where roughly where it would be, then the short range of his ability would do the rest. He grabbed it and felt around before realising what it was. 
 "I'm guessing this isn't a normal ring?" Leo asked as he could see the red aura surrounding it. 
 "That ring will allow you to walk freely in the daylight. It will make you still feel human and don't worry, I can make another one. You gave me two gifts so at least let me give you this." Quinn said before he could refuse. 
 If Leo was to be travelling on his own, unlike Quinn, he didn't have the system to help him. Any questions he had about the changes that were happening in his body, he would have to learn how to deal with it on his own. The ring would help him greatly. 
 Quinn still had other ways to combat the sun, such as his shadow void and the suit. He also could always make another ring, but perhaps not one as good as the one he had obtained. 
 Leo started to walk back towards Quinn and stood in front of him. ���Remember what I taught you, that feeling you need to practise it every day if you can. It will take a year or so until you get the hang of it and when you do, come find me again. Then I will teach you the next step. And before I go…" 
 Leo then got down on one knee in front of Quinn. 
 "What are you doing?" Quinn said. 
 "You said I now belong to your family right, I don't know how this vampire stuff really works, but I don't want to make the same mistake I made with my last master. I can tell already the connection between us two is now strong. If you are ever in trouble and I feel you are in danger, I Leo Suiyan will come and protect you." 
 With that, Leo got up from the floor and walked away. 
 "I can tell you know." the system said. "He has the makings of a great vampire knight." 
 But Quinn didn't care about that for now, for there was only one thought on his mind. 
 "You were the best damn teacher I ever had," Quinn said. "I know we will meet again." 
 ***** 
 For MVS Artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 348 I promised a figh 
 [You are being affected by direct sunlight] 
 [All stats will be reduced by 70 percent] 
 It had been a while since Quinn had seen these messages and he didn't miss it one bit. As soon as he stepped out into the sun from the martial arts hall, his whole body began to feel weak, the energy felt as if it was being drained from him. 
 Although it wasn't as bad as he remembered. As he was still able to walk freely and didn't feel sick like before. This was due to him gaining a large amount of stats from since the last time. Right now, he could move about like an average human in the sun. However, it still seemed to give him a headache, is he stayed out after five minutes. 
 It was a shame that Leo had left, but Quinn had done his best to inform him of all the troubles he had gone through. Hoping that he might be able to deal with it better. He had more information when Quinn first turned and also had the ring to help him out. For some reason, he felt Leo would be okay. Even if he did come across another vampire, based on what he saw in the martial arts hall, he would be worrying about them rather then Leo. 
 In turn, Leo had also given Quinn a training routine to practise his Qi every day. For now, it would be pretty much useless in a fight, Leo explained, but at a certain point and time, everything would start to click. 
 The crystals that had been given to him were able to be stored in the system. When checking out the shop, Quinn was hoping it would unlock a type of weapon for him, but there was no success. If he wanted a new pair of gauntlets, he would have to find someone to make it for him. 
 Not just anyone, but a talented forger who would be able to also do a second unlocking. Otherwise, it would only be a waste. 
 With the sun starting to set, it meant the day was soon to end. With this, Quinn decided that he would head off to the VR room. It was his long awaited promise with Nate. 
 On the way there he started to notice something different walking through the halls. Casually, people would look at him, they were still many students surprised that Quinn was as strong as he was that day, but that wasn't what felt strange or different. Even as a level one, there would be those that stared at him, or would treat him as if he was invisible. 
 Looking down at his watch, he could see the number six on display. What felt different, was the fact that no students were calling him names, no one purposely barged into him and no one was trying to start a fight. 
 'So this is what it feels like huh?' 
 But then, as soon as Quinn turned around the corridor to enter the VR centre, he saw three boys pinning a student up against the wall. On his wristwatch, was a level 2 power level. 
 "Why didn't you do what we asked? We told you that we needed that project by tonight!" The student yelled as he slammed the level 2 student up against the wall again. 
 "Stop that!" A voice from behind was heard. 
 "What do you want?" The kid said as he turned around and immediately recognised who it was. 
 "Oh, you." The kid said nervously. 
 "Just let the guy go, you wouldn't be doing this if he was the same level as you, would you?" Said Quinn. 
 "Shut up, I bet you think you're hot crap now don't you Quinn!?" Another student said by his side. "But we ain't weak, and there's three of us. I bet we could still kick your arse." 
 'Three? Didn't these guys see me fight twelve with the Multiplier? I guess maths isn't their strong point.' 
 "Well, how about we make it a three on three." Another student said as they appeared from behind Quinn. As soon as they saw who this was, the students immediately stormed off without saying another word. 
 The student who was pinned up against the wall, thanked them both before running off as well, and when Quinn turned around, he could finally see who had come to his aide. 
 It was a student with bright red spikey hair, he had seen him once before in the interrogation room... Burg Sunshield. One of the students from the big four. 
 "You know, it won't change anything. They'll just start doing it in secret instead." Burg said. 
 "At least that will lessen the bullying somewhat," Quinn replied as he walked off into the room. 
 Quinn disliked the big four. Even though they wielded so much power, even as students, they did nothing to change the situation. It was as if they liked the way things were set up. So he decided to shrug Burg off, and continue with his business. 
 "Tch, aargh!" Burg said in frustration. "Why the hell did our leader tell us to look over that guy." 
 Inside the VR centre, Quinn paid for his booth and entered the game as usual. 
 [Welcome Blood evolver] 
 Checking his friends' list, he was surprised and at the same time not to see that both Nate and Sam were online. It had only been a few moments, but almost immediately, he had received an invite to a fight. Quinn had decided to decline the invite. 
 "What, so I can't find the Cursed Child and now the Blood Evolver won't even speak to me!" Nate said in anger. "What kind of day is this. That's it I give up, it's time to call it a day and log off." 
 But just as Nate was about to, he had received an invite from the Blood evolver to have a match. 
 "What is this crap, is he playing tricks with me?" 
 "What happened?" Sam asked after coming back from training inside the white gaming room. 
 "I invited the Blood Evolver to a game, he then declines and invites me back." 
 Sam suddenly realised that his guess was spot on, and started to laugh at the fact that Nate hadn't understood yet. He had decided to invite him, in a way to reveal who he was to Nate. During the tournament, he said he promised to fight with him. It was his way of telling him he was the blood Evolver. 
 "Just accept," Sam said. 
 The match was accepted, and as Sam was following Nate as a spectator, he too was transported to the same room as the two. 
 When Nate arrived, he was ready to give the blood evolver an earful, but Quinn was the first to speak out of the two. 
 "So like I promised, I will fight you if you wish," Quinn said. 
 For a second Nate paused, the cogwheels in his brain were starting to spin, the words spoken sounded familiar, but it was like he had no frame of reference. It was nearly there, as the pieces began to turn and then finally, it had clicked. 
 "Wait….wait…no..no." Nate said as he pointed his finger at the avatar in front of him, shaking."You're saying you're the Cursed Child!" 
 He quickly opened up his system to confirm that he was indeed in a match with the Blood evolver. Then his head started to hurt even more. 
 "But how? Your abilities. They're not the same." 
 "Nate, right?" Quinn said, which was the final nail in the coffin. Only Quinn, the Cursed Child knew his real name instead of his in-game name. "It's a little complicated, but as the shadow power isn't a publicly owned power, I can't use it in the system." 
 Nate stood there still for a while, as he started to process everything. His whole world had been turned upside down in an instant. Now thinking about it, the set of moves used in the event, the flash steps, the fancy kicks. It was something he should have figured out sooner. But the belief that a perosn could only have one ability was what was stopping him from believing that. 
 But, he didn't care about what secrets he had. If he was in the same position, he probably wouldn't tell anyone what was going on either. He only had one thing to ask. "Are you able to fight at full strength in the game?" 
 Quinn shook his head, "I can't." He replied. 
 "Then this is not our stage to fight. If you can't use your shadow powers here, then even if I defeat you, it won't feel like a victory. I already beat you before, but I want to fight the real you." 
 Quinn smiled, as he expected this, although he was looking forward to a fight, he too wanted to fight Nate at full strength and while in the game. Even Nate would be disadvantaged in the game as it wasn't able to emulate a soul weapon. As well as the fact that Quinn was able to use his blood attacks freely with no consequences. 
 "I wish to fight you at full strength as well one day," Quinn replied. The two had a strange relationship. Even though they wished to fight each other, it wasn't as enemies, but it was just out of display for pure skill. 
 "I'm in my second year now, which means I won't be in the military next year. But if you wish to find me, we will always be able to connect and contact each other through this game. Keep in touch." Nate said as he logged off the game in a hurry. 
 "Wait, what! what the hell is happening, tell me!" Sam cried form the arena seats as he too quickly logged off after Nate. 
 Once Nate had exited from the pod, his knees were shaking so much he nearly fell to the floor. He tried his best to walk forward then soon realised his whole body was shaking. 
 'The cursed child, the Blood evolver! They're both the same person. Who the hell are you Quinn Talen!" Nate thought. 
 Once Quinn had exited out of the pod, it was time to call it a day. Even though tomorrow was still the weekend, he still had a tough day ahead of him. Not only did he need to explain to the others what had happened to Leo, but there was still one more promise he needed to keep, and he wanted to deal with it sooner than later. 
 "A ghoul to a Wite, and Leo, a Vampire. I wonder what Layla will turn into?" 
 ***** 
 For MVS Artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 349 Cruel Fate 
 After finishing searching the whole room and hiding the black ball, Layla had finished getting rid of every trace of Pure there was in her room. That included her own things as well. Pure didn't have many agents or students who could infiltrate the base while it was still the school term, so she was safe for now, but it still made her worry. 
 Although she was safe now, what would she do once the summer holidays arrived? The original plan was to head back to the Pure base, but that was no longer an option. Pure didn't know what happened to her, and if she didn't have a good excuse for not responding, perhaps she would have been thrown out of the Hundred Ranks and banned from coming back to the school. 
 'I wonder if Mum is even worried?' She started to think as she laid in her bed, completely worn out from the search. 
 Just then, a knock was heard at the door. "Layla, is it okay if we come in? it's the doctor and Cia is with me as well." Hayley said. 
 "Yeah, sure," Layla shouted. 
 As the door slid open, Cia came in with the doctor behind her, but Layla was amazed when she saw Cia. She looked like an almost entirely utterly different person. One of her hands was rubbing the other up and down, and she was nervously looking around the room. She looked like a piece of glass that was on the verge of shattering any second. 
 "Now you take your time in here, okay, while I go talk to your roommate. Don't worry, Layla is one of the kindest girls I know, and you two used to get along." Hayley said, unsure if that was true or not but just wanted to do everything she could to comfort her. 
 Hayley, the school doctor, and Layla had left the room to have a small talk with each other. 
 "I don't know if you already know this, but Cia seems to have forgotten everything that happened. We don't really know why, and since she was found in the hotel lobby, we can't link it to anything either. It's been a few days since this has happened, and there have been no signs of recovery. What we want to do is slowly adjust her back to her old routine. Hopefully, it might spark something back in her. 
 "You know the doctor's office is always busy, and she can't stay there forever. I would have liked her to stay for a bit longer but I can't, which is why I'm asking if you can look after her. If you notice anything strange or out of the blue, please come to me straight away. Is that okay?" 
 Hearing all this, Layla felt obliged to say yes; after all, it was partly her fault that all her memories had been removed in the first place. 
 "Yeah, that's fine. I will look after Cia. Can I just ask, have the school tried contacting her parents about this at all?" Layla asked. 
 "Yes, we wanted to inform them immediately, but with the details that are registered, we aren't able to get in touch. If we do, I'll let you know straight away." Hayley replied and left as soon as she finished since she had a hectic schedule ahead of her. 
 Entering back in the room, she could see Cia had opened her wardrobe and was looking at her clothes and items as if they were all foreign to her. After that, she pulled out her bag from underneath the bed, and with the things inside, she picked them up one by one, but still, she could not remember anything. 
 "Did you know me well?" Cia asked with her voice shaky as if it was about to crack. 
 Layla came over and sat on her own bed, which was not too far from Cia's, while looking at her. 
 "No one at the school knows each other that well since we all came from different schools before, but we were roommates since day one, and you and I used to be on the same team." 
 Through her words, she could see that Cia was trying to remember, trying to think back if there was anything, but there was nothing. After realizing this, Cia started to break down in tears again. She was crying with her hands covering her face and sobbing away. 
 Layla quickly came over, and out of instinct gave her a big hug to her side. 
 "It's okay, Cia, even if you don't remember everything, it doesn't matter. You can make new memories, right? Who knows, maybe your life before was a bad one." 
 But Cia continued to cry; it didn't matter if it was a bad one to her, she just wanted to remember who her parents were, how she grew up as a kid. She couldn't even remember the person who was comforting her right now, and it all was a terrifying thought. 
 'Will she be like this forever?' Layla started to think. 'Perhaps removing all her memories was too cruel in the end; I should ask Quinn tomorrow if there's anything we can do.' 
 That night, the two girls decided to sleep in the same bed together. It was the only thing that made Cia feel safe now, having someone who knew her next to her. 
 The next day, when Layla had woken up, she looked at her wristwatch to notice it blinking away. Cia's face by her side was a little puffy from all the crying. 
 She quickly got out of bed and listened to the message quietly. 
 'Layla, if you still want to do this, let's all meet in the park forest where we trained with Peter at ten AM; everyone in the group will be there.' The message had been sent by Quinn. 
 Looking at the watch, she realized it was nine AM now, so she quickly got dressed and did her best to get ready as soon as possible. The sound of opening and closing of wardrobes had eventually woken Cia up, as she rubbed her swollen red eyes to see Layla in a rush to go somewhere. 
 "Why are you up so early?" Cia asked. 
 "I have to go for my usual morning... er run," Layla replied. 
 "Can I… Can I come with you?" Cia asked. 
 Hearing these words caused pain in Layla's heart. She could tell she was afraid to be left alone still. But she had no choice. 
 "You get some rest, I really need to leave now, but I promise when I'm done and come back, we can spend all the time you want together." She replied as she rushed off and left the room. 
 Yesterday. When returning to his room, Quinn opted to act normal about everything that had happened so far. He planned to meet everyone the next day anyway, so it would have been best to explain everything in one go. So he had yet to tell Vorden about what happened to Leo. 
 All the boys were in the park woods. They were quite deep in away from the actual park, and no one would travel in here unless they were up to no good or just wanted to go for a walk through the woods. Logan had spread out his little spiders in all directions in a large circular manner; that way, if someone had decided to come into the woods, they would know. 
 "So, anything interesting happened to you guys yesterday?" Vorden asked, trying to break the boredom while waiting. 
 He hated to admit it, but everything had been kind of normal so far, and due to all the excitement that had happened, things felt boring. 
 "The usual. Just worked on tinkering with my gadgets; I could go into detail of what I managed to accomplish yesterday if you are really bored." Logan replied. 
 "No thanks," Vorden said, knowing he would be bored out of his mind listening to Logan. 
 "Well, I certainly have some interesting news for you all, but we will wait until Layla gets here." 
 The sound of footsteps and rustling leaves could be heard stomping on the ground. No one was worried as Logan didn't cause any alarm, and shortly after, they could see Layla arriving all huffing and panting. 
 "I'm sorry I woke up a little late," Layla said. 
 "Oof, and on your big day as well, huh." Said Vorden. 
 The groups were standing in a circle in the forest, and Quinn walked into the center to speak to them all. "First, before we do this, I have something important to tell you all, it is about Leo…" 
 Quinn proceeded to tell the others what had happened yesterday. He didn't go into details about Qi, as it seemed to be something that was meant to be kept secret and passed down to those they chose. Still, he explained how Leo had been accidentally turned while trying to help Quin get stronger, also informing them how he had chosen to leave the school. 
 Everyone was shocked by this; they couldn't even believe what they had just heard. It was as if one surprise had come after another as Quinn explained the details. 
 "Wait, so you're saying Leo's a vampire now just like you. Then is he okay for blood? Is everything going to be okay?" Vorden said in a panic; he clearly seemed to think this was a huge problem, while Quinn remained calm. 
 "I think he will be okay. It seems like he already left yesterday night," Quinn said, placing his fist on his chest. The connection between the two was now gone, meaning he was no longer close by. "I explained everything to him, and you, Vorden, should know the most how powerful he is." 
 Vorden started to think back about when he had copied Leo's power. Even for him and the multiple different powers he had wielded before, Leo's was surely special and different. 
 "Since we're all involved in this, I thought you guys should know. Especially since right now, we're about to dive in even deeper." 
 "It seems like being a human is quickly going out of fashion," Logan commented; now, everyone was looking at Logan strangely. 
 'Was that supposed to be a joke?' Layla thought. Right now, they didn't know what was more shocking, the fact that Leo, their teacher, had turned into a vampire or that Logan had tried to make a joke. 
 Ignoring the small comments, Quinn wanted to get down to business and turned to look at Layla. 
 "Now, we don't know what's going to happen to you; you could turn into a ghoul, like Peter, but this time we have Logan helping us so we shouldn't have the same complications as before, or you could turn into a vampire, like Leo. We have Vorden's blood for that." 
 "Ah, jeez, now I'm going to be your little snack bar for you two," Vorden commented. 
 "Or, you could become something that we haven't seen before. Are you sure you want to go through with this because there's no turning back?" Quinn asked. 
 "As long as it will make me stronger, then yes. I'm sick and tired of being useless to you guys, and before you say I'm not. You need to start to look at the people who are coming after us. As we make more enemies and go higher up, they keep getting stronger and stronger, and I want to rescue Erin from Pure. At the time, I did what I thought was right to save her, and I know she will be safe, but the longer she stays there…" Layla didn't finish her last sentence. But after learning of their strange tactics, and the death pill that Cia had, Quinn knew the place wasn't the best. 
 "I understand." 
 [Blood Ritual Activated] 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 350 The third blooded 
 Just like before, when performing the Blood Ritual on Peter, they decided to lay Layla down on a pile of leaves. 
 ''This should make it feel a little better," Quinn said proudly of himself as he had spent quite a bit of time sorting out the leaves to form a bed shape. 
 Logan stood on one side while Vorden stood on the other. After helping Quinn prepare everything, both of them took a step back away. 
 "Hey, you don't have to be scared of me," Layla said. "Come on; it's me." 
 "You know… it's just to be safe. We don't want a chunk of our arms or legs to go missing," Vorden said jokingly, remembering what they had to go through last time. 
 Logan nodded while taking another step even further back. "It's always best to be careful. Especially when we don't know the probabilities, I'm sure you understand." 
 The boys were just making Layla feel even worse. It seemed unlikely that she would be turned into something that the others should be truly scared of, but the words of the others had gotten to her. When Quinn was about to begin the next steps, she grabbed him by the wrist. 
 "Not that I'm having second thoughts or anything, but do you know what I could possibly turn into?" She asked. 
 Quinn himself didn't really know the answer to this, so instead, he reverted the question to his system. 
 "Hmm, that is quite a hard question to answer." The system said. "You see, I'm not sure even now, as back then, you must have heard many tales about creatures or demons. They were around during my time, so I would assume they are still spread today as folklore. 
 "The truth is all those tales had definitely originated from somewhere and had some type of truth to them. Most of them being subclasses of vampires. 
 "You have the classes that are closely related to the vampires, with these types, I would place them in something called category A. They are similar to your standard vampire but perhaps a little unique when comparing them with slight differences. Some of these can evolve into vampires, later on, some branch of slightly. 
 "A few examples include a halfling, you should know this one quite well, a fledgeling, thrall, and dhampir. These classes tend to be well balanced in terms of skill; they have good magic and melee abilities. With each one having thier own specialities when they later evolve." 
 "The next category is category B; I call this one the Undead category. This is where Peter (the ghoul), Wight, Wendigo, and a few others fit into. These have next to no magical power. But most of them make up for it with their Melee attack strength." 
 "And finally you have Category C, I call these the others. I know it's lame, but truthfully it's because they don't really have much in common with each other, or at least, not as much as the others. They usually tend to be strong in magical power while weak in the speed and strength department many vampires are known for. Examples are Succubus, Blood fairy, and the Banshee. The upside about this category is they usually don't have a huge negative to them like the others. 
 "Category A, all need some form of blood, Category B need flesh, whereas C, although different, depending on what they turn into, don't need something as difficult as the first two. Of course, there are more than the examples I have given you, but if you wanted me to list them all, we would be here all day. 
 "Back in the day, I did quite a bit of research on this, so you have come to ask the right person. But even as great as I am with my vast amount of knowledge can not pinpoint the exact reason or thing that will determine what one will change into. 
 "Besides, just because you know what she can turn into won't influence what she will turn into at the end of the day." 
 After hearing those answers, Quinn started to have second thoughts, but a promise was a promise. 
 "Whatever you turn into, I promise we will deal with it." 
 With that said, Quin continued the ritual as Layla closed her eyes. Using the tip of his fingernail, he caused a small cut in the palm of his hand. He then placed it above Layla's mouth and, as with it wide open, allowed it the blood to drip inside slowly. 
 A vampire's blood alone wouldn't be enough to turn someones; one would have to activate the blood ritual skill first, which he had already done. The blood continued to drip and go down her throat and then when it reached her stomach. The process had begun. 
 Her eyes suddenly opened wide and were glowing red, and Quinn's were beginning to glow red as well. Just like with Peter, as the energy went through her body, it started to shake violently. 
 There was no pain, though, and eventually, as the blood quickly took over her body and radically transformed it, the connection had stopped, and her body had stopped shaking. 
 "Is it done?" Vorden asked. "So, what is she?" 
 Layla's eyes had started to open slowly. Her vision was a little blurry as she seemed to be adjusting to things and eventually lifted herself off from the ground. A few leaves stuck to her, and she quickly brushed them off her clothes before looking up at the boys. Who seemed to be now all staring at her. 
 "What, what's wrong, oh no is it my face?" She said, worried about what she might have turned into. "My teeth. My feet!" She looked down at her body and felt her teeth but could feel or see nothing but the boys continued to stare at her until Vorden eventually pointed to the top of her head. 
 "No, it's…you have… little.." Vorden was speaking so slowly; it was beginning to annoy her. 
 As she felt the top of her head, she felt two little bumps just between where her hair was... 
 "No!…They're Horns!!!" She shouted. "Quinn, what the hell is this? What type of vampire has horns?" 
 "Wait, calm down, just give me a second." 
 Layla was quite knowledgeable when it came to Vampire type creatures. She had heard of many of them and even heard of what Peter had become, but she couldn't think of a single creature with horns on top of her head. While she was waiting for Quinn's reply, she continually tried feeling them. 
 It seemed like nothing else about her had changed; still, she was continually playing with the small bumps on top of her head. Thankfully they didn't stick out too much and really did just look like two little lumps. 
 [The blood ritual was a success] 
 [3/3 Family members successfully blooded] 
 [A new member has been added to the Cursed Family] 
 [You have successfully created a Namanari Hannya] 
 [Namanari Hannya: Hannya are emotional beings. Their powers and strength fluctuate based on their emotions, and they are more sensitive than regular beings. They are typically prone to jealousy and negativity. They often feed off the negativity of those around them as well to power up their own powers. Their powers specialize in dark and spiritual magic. This magic can also be used to influence weak-minded women to do their bidding.] 
 [Current skills] 
 [Spiritual partner: A link is formed between two people, any attack that would hurt one or the other can be passed on to the other person. A spiritual partner can be changed at any point and time but must be in the same zone as the user when being used.] 
 [Spiritual chains: A ranged attack. A dark black energy ball of negativity is hurled at the target if successfully hit, it will root the enemy for a certain amount of time. The chains' time and strength depend on what mental state of both the user and opponent are at the time.] 
 [Evolutions available: Chunari Hannya, Honnari Hannya] 
 Based on what the system had explained before, it looked as if Layla had turned into the type C category. A user strong in magic but didn't get a regular vampire's normal buffs, such as strength, speed, and agility. 
 Most of what Quinn read didn't seem to be too bad, and the magic skills would come in handy. Just like with Peter and the others before. The MC cells would have been reset, meaning Layla no longer had her telekinesis ability. If she wanted to, this was a chance to change her ability if she felt the need to. 
 The only thing that did worry him was the first few lines. 
 Suddenly, he could hear the sound of crying coming from Layla's direction. 
 "I'm so ugly, aren't I? These horns.. who's going to date me now?" She said as she continued to sob. 
 "Layla, you're not ugly," Vorden said, trying to calm her down. 
 "Shut up!" She shouted back. 
 "I think they're...you know.. kind of cute," Vorden said with a blush on his face. 
 At that point, both Logan and Quinn turned to look at Vorden. They didn't know if he was just trying to cheer her up, or if he really did have strange taste. 
 "Come on," Quinn said. "Let's go for a walk." He said, shaking his head, realizing this would be a different kind of trouble that they weren't used to. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 351 Testing and chosing an ability 
 With a single click, from the computer, a hologram displayed all the information about the sub class known as "Hannya" to the group. They were all currently inside Logan's room. 
 When asked what Layla was, Quinn found it hard to answer without making himself seem suspicious. He didn't know a lot about vampires in the first place, and all his knowledge before could be said that it came from Fex. 
 The only person that knew about the System and some of the system skills was Logan. The suggestion had been made that perhaps they could find something online. So as they planned to head to Logan's room to do some research, Quinn told him beforehand what Layla really was. 
 "Based on the algorithm taken from the photos of Layla's face, it seems like my genius AI system was able to come up with something. The AI cross references and matches the details with folklore tales related to vampires in one way or another," Logan said as he gave a quick wink to Quinn while nobody was paying attention to him. 
 Layla and the others begin to read the information shown. What was written out was precisely the same as what had been displayed from Quinn's System. 
 "Emotional? Me?" Layla said suddenly, but she realized that she was just letting what the screen said now prove her wrong. So correcting herself, she tried her best to hold everything in. She cleared her throat and started again. "Okay, say I am this Hannya demon thing; the only thing I don't really understand is the feeding off negative emotions part." 
 "If I was to take a guess," Vorden said. "I would say it's one of two things. Just as Quinn gets pleasure from blood, you might be able to feed off the aura of negative or sad people. Or there is the second option, you feed by making people negative." 
 The others didn't say anything, but they felt like Vorden was spot on with his deduction. That line could only be interpreted like that, and they just hoped it wasn't the second one. However, the first part might prove difficult as well. Where were they meant to find negative people? Would they have to go around the school looking for someone who had just broken up? Or perhaps start calling people names. 
 "Don't worry too much about this." The System said to Quinn, seeing his concern. "Remember what I said about category C? Unlike ghouls or vampires who need blood or flesh to survive, the Hannya don't need negative emotions to live; this is just what powers them and allows them to evolve eventually." 
 That was another thing that Quinn worried about, evolving. He remembered that there was also a chance that Peter could have evolved into the Wendigo. Perhaps what Layla would evolve into wasn't exactly a good thing. 
 "So do you know if they feed on negative emotions or feed by creating negative emotions?" Quinn asked. 
 "Ha, ha, this was why I didn't want to butt in, but I felt the need to. I don't remember." The System replied. 
 'Useless as always.' Quinn thought. 
 "So based on the information, unlike Quinn and Peter, you won't have abnormal strength or speed," Logan explained. "But instead magical abilities, perhaps in a way similar to Quinn's blood abilities. What about your ability from before? Can you still use that?" Logan asked. 
 She shook her head in response. 
 "No, I already tried on the way over here, it's completely gone, but it was expected." She replied. 
 "Well, have you thought about what ability you do want?" Vorden asked. "Now's the time for a fresh new leaf; we don't know if telekinesis is compatible with vampires or not, but even so, if you really want to, you could choose a completely new ability." 
 Layla continued to fidget and play with the small bumps on top of her head as she thought about it. If she moved her hair to the side of her face, it would slightly cover them up, but a hairband or bandanna would be best as well. 
 'What would mom's reaction be if she saw this?' 
 Then she started to think about her bow; it was an item gifted and given to her by her mother before she came to the academy. 
 "I think it would be best to still have an ability that compliments my bow." Said Layla. "We don't really know how this magic works, but if it's like Quinn's blood abilities, it will have a limit before they can be used again. So it's best to have a backup to use in any case scenario. And a melee weapon doesn't really suit me since I didn't get any stronger in the other departments. But I'm not sure if I want to stick to telekinesis or not. 
 "Maybe after using my vampire abilities, there might be something more suited for the bow and them together. I'll have to think about it for now." 
 "I think that's the right choice." Said Vorden. "Well, what are we waiting for? We need to test your powers, right? Let's see what you can do." 
 "What, here now, but I don't even know how or what to do?" Layla responded. 
 Logan's room was pretty big due to it being one of the VIP rooms. It was even bigger than Vorden and Quinn's room that was meant to house three people inside. So there was plenty of floor space. Still, things were lying all over the floor, and Logan quickly allowed his spiders to get to work clearing everything and putting it to the side. 
 After a few moments, the floor looked almost brand new. 
 'Is there anything those spiders can't do?' Vorden thought. 
 They weren't going to fight so the space was enough. They just needed her to use her skills. 
 Layla stood in the middle of the room, and the target of choice for her abilities would be Quinn. This was because he had a healing factor that they could rely on, and technically had the strongest body there. He also felt like it was only right to volunteer himself for something like this. Being the person who changed her. 
 "So, what do I do?" Layla asked. 
 "I guess I can explain what I do when I use my blood abilities," Quinn suggested. "You should feel this strange energy in your body swirling around. Try grabbing onto it, then when you release that energy, you have a clear image inside your head of what you think the skill will look like. It's quite similar to how we learn our usual skills from skill books, only you don't have any reference to go on. This kind of just works for me." Quinn said. 
 Logan, back on his computer, pretended to have taken and found more information about Hannya, when in reality, it was just what Quinn had already told him. He described the characteristics of the power they used and what the two skills might look like. Giving out every bit of detail apart from what the ability did. 
 "That thing is extremely detailed to be up online," Vorden commented. "Are you sure that vampires didn't write that article?" 
 "Well, we won't know till we try, will we? I don't think it's accurate, but it allows us to start somewhere." Logan replied. "Unless you have any better ideas?" 
 Layla closed her eyes, and nearly instantly, she could feel the strange energy that Quinn was talking about. Maybe it was because she no longer had her ability, and there weren't many other changes to her body apart from this one, but she was able to pick it out straight away. 
 However, as she thought and grabbed on to this energy more, memories started to appear in her head, memories of her mother. Memories of her time at Pure, and memories of her dear friend Erin. Without realizing it, her face looked sad on the outside, and tears were flowing down them dropping onto the floor. She tried her best to ignore them and started to picture one of the skills—spiritual chain. 
 The others could see Layla's face full of tears and wondered what was happening, but because her eyes were still closed, they didn't want to bother her, then suddenly. 
 "Spiritual chain." She said as she opened up her eyes. A thick black ball the size of a basketball came shooting out of her hands. It almost looked like a fireball, only black in colour. 
 On her very first try the attack was a success. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 352 Feeding on Negtive energy 
 The spiritual chain had been cast and the balck fireball came hurling towards Quinn. 
 The speed was fast as well like a cannonball. 
 Quinn braced himself, but he didn't move and allowed it to hit his body. As soon as it made an impact across his stomach, the ball split up, and chains made of fire started to wrap around him. Not just one but several, around his body, around his arms and they all then attached themselves to the floor. Everything happened in almost an instant as soon as the ball hit. 
 While a part of the chains were wrapped around Quinn, the other ends wherein a circle shape attached to the floor. 
 Quinn tried to use half of his strength at first to move, he thought it would be enough and didn't want to upset Layla if it was weak. But it seemed impossible for him to move, he then tried using his full strength, and this time he could move slightly, but the chains still seemed to hold. A few seconds later, and they had disappeared entirely, and he could now move again. 
 "Well!" Layla said with an excited look on her face. She was happy with her success and how with relative ease, she was able to perform the skill on her first try. 
 "It's strong," Quinn replied. "Really strong. I used my full strength, and I still couldn't break free." 
 The boys were surprised as well at what Quinn had said, he didn't have his gauntlets on, but his regular strength was still plenty strong. 
 "It's a shame about the duration. It seemed to only last a second and a half." Vorden said. "But still, in a fight between life and death, that's all it can take sometimes." 
 "Yes," Logan replied. "But remember the text also said that it would depend on one's mental state at the time as well as the user's mental state." 
 Logan started to think about the tears he had seen before she had performed the skill. Perhaps this had something to do with its power but decide to remain silent for now. 
 Layla had a huge grin on her face, and suddenly she was pleased, her first skill was this powerful, and she didn't even have an ability yet. She could definitely be helpful to the others now, and there was room to grow even stronger. 
 "Come on." She said in a cheery voice. "Let's try the next one." 
 She quickly wiped away the tears from her face and tried to visualize the same thing again. She closed her eyes but oddly enough, something was wrong. The energy from before that she could feel was no longer there. 
 'is that all the magical ability I have, only enough for one skill?' 
 After standing around for a while, the others realized something must have been up as well. 
 "I don't understand." She said. "I did the same thing as last time." 
 Looking at Layla, Vorden seemed to have figured out the one difference compared to before to know. 
 "Correct me if I'm wrong, but Layla, are you happy right now?" Vorden asked. 
 At first, Layla didn't understand, so what if she was happy, shouldn't she be, but then she soon released from reading the text. Her powers were affected by how she was feeling at the time, and positive emotions weren't a part of the description. 
 "What is this crap, so are they saying I can only use my powers if I'm upset!" She shouted. 
 "That's it, Layla." Vorden cheered. "Come on, keep getting angry, Quinn say something to her." 
 "I don't think this is a good idea," Quinn replied, stepping back. "Maybe her horns will start to grow bigger or something." 
 "Quinn..." She mumbled with both her hands in fists by her side, and her head down. "...that really hurt." She whispered, and instead of trying to use her ability again, she quickly stormed out of the room. 
 The three boys just continued to look at each other stunned. Until Logan finally broke the silence. "Well, I thought what Quinn said was a good one if I do say so myself. Nothing we can do now; we will just have to let her calm down. It's not like she's going to eat someone or suck their blood." Logan said as he pulled the drawer open and grabbed a few things from it. "Sandwich, anyone?" 
 In anger and sadness, and a mind filled with emotions, Layla continued to walk down the stairs and headed straight back for her room. She knew what the others were trying to do, but it hurt her a little bit too much. 
 'Why am I getting so upset, I know they were just trying to help. They didn't mean all that stuff, right? 
 It seemed like what the text about Hannya said was right. She would be more emotional than before. Sensitive. 
 If she wanted to learn how to use her powers properly, she would have to learn how to harness and control these emotions, but she couldn't do it instantly. 
 She quickly adjusted her hair to make sure it covered up her small little bumps and continued on. 
 As she stood outside the door, a sweet smell seemed to be coming from inside. 
 ��Is Cia cooking something?' Layla thought. 
 She opened the door, and it looked like her guess was completely wrong. Cia wasn't cooking anything and instead was still wrapped in her quilt sulking. 
 'Has she been crying for the whole day?' 
 However, Layla soon realized what the sweet smell was, for in her vision around the room, she could see it. 
 A heavy black mist seemed to be covering the room, and it was the same type of energy that she felt inside her. She tried reaching for it, grabbing it, and it looked as if the mist moved and went inside of her own body. Suddenly, she felt a surge in power inside her cells. She could feel something overcome her. 
 Although it felt powerful, at the same time, she felt sad, as if these negative feelings from the room where now inside of her. 
 "Layla, you're finally back." 
 "Yes," Layla replied as she couldn't hide her smile. "I'm back, but I'm a bit hungry." 
 ** 
 In an unknown place, underground, where it was pitch black and not a single speck of light could be seen, the sounds of growls could be heard, monstrous roars and clashing, banging of all sorts as they rattled their cells. Thankfully, these creatures had been locked away, pinned behind special black bars, trapped with no way out. 
 To get to such a dark place, one would have to walk hundreds of meters down a spiral staircase and then finally down the many hallways. 
 Walking down one hallway, Silver could hear it all. It was a place she hated to visit, and she never wanted to come back here again, but she needed to. 
 She continued to walk until eventually, she stopped just outside one of the rooms. Behind bars, a dark figure could be seen. 
 "Tell me, why did you do it...why did you do it….brother." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 353 The Dark plane 
 On a particular planet, when one would look up at the sky, they would discover the fact that they were three moons, two of the moons shined brightly allowing a light glow on the surface. While one of the moons had an important role. It created a permanent eclipse blocking out the sun. 
 While the other two were naturally made, this one was not. Set up to perfectly move along and shift with the planet's slow rotation to make it so it would always remain in the dark but still would provide enough heat for survival. 
 This was the planet that the vampires had chosen to call home. It wasn't a very large planet, and most of the place was unpopulated, but in one section there were signs of civilization as life could be seen. Buildings created from a black hard substance crafted in a jagged style, but signs of modern technology could also be seen in use. As lights lit up the streets with a lukewarm glow, not too bright. 
 Strangely, carriages would be used as a form of transportation, but thier were no horses or animals to man them, as they were powered by a different source of energy. 
 If one could look closer, they could see that everything was being powered by blue crystals. 
 It was a mixture of old and new. 
 The city was surrounded by what looked like a forest that went all around the outside of the buildings, and towards the back of it, a single large mountain. In front of the mountain was a castle that was a quarter of the size of the mountain itself, it was grand in size and had a sleek design. Unlike the other buildings, this one was also made of the black materiel but had been carefully carved out. Creating a perfect castle. 
 Going around the large central castle, either side were fourteen smaller castles. They equally looked impressive each bearing their own crest on a giant cloth at the front. However, two of these castles looked a little run down compared to the rest and displayed no such crest. There was also no lights or fires lit. Showing no sign of inhabitants in the buildings. 
 One of the castle's family crests displayed a ring with six strings attached to it, pulling it from above. This was the Sanguinis families castle. Inside on the bottom floor in their private training hall, a portal had suddenly appeared floating in the centre of the room. 
 Two guards dressed in black clothing with a gold trim going around it stood outside. They too on thier shoulders bore the crest. They turned their heads looking into the room when noises could be heard from behind. 
 "A return portal has been activated," One of them said. 
 "Go inform the lord of the knight's return." With that, one of them took off down the hallway. 
 First to go arrive through the portal was Peter, although he didn't look like his usual self as he was disguised as Quinn. Both of his hands remained tied behind his back, but he was compliant. The one who followed after him was Fex and eventually Silver. 
 The remaining guard immediately entered the room and got down on one knee in front of Silver. "We welcome your return, young master and Knight Silver." 
 "No need to be polite to him." Silver said. "Remember, he is to be punished." 
 "Sorry, a habit Miss." 
 To remind everyone that Fex was indeed a criminal, she used her own red string, mixed with her blood abilities and wrapped up Fex's arms behind him as well. 
 "Go inform the lord that we will be meeting him in the main room." Silver commanded. 
 "As you wish," The man said as he lifted himself up and bowed down to Silver before rushing off again. 
 "Gosh do they always have to be that uptight and formal, am I right sis?" Fex said in an upbeat tone. 
 "Shut it you." Silver replied. "Do you know how much trouble you could have been in? The other families and king are unaware of this situation. We managed to keep it under wraps." 
 "I knew you would!" Fex interrupted. 
 Silver immediately glared at him back and decided to use even more string wrapping it around his mouth, so he could no longer interrupt her. 
 "Much better." She said. "Because of this, the punishment you will receive will be dealt with within the family. There is no need for the council to make a decision. Furthermore, we can use this illegal creator to pin the blame on one of the other families. Your father will be pleased and will lighten your punishment." 
 Fex noticed that, Silver had made the extra effort to call him your father. She never did call him farther herself and always referred to him as the leader or lord. 
 "I'm glad you bought me the right person." She continued. "The truth was I had already found out who had created the illegal later on. If you were to bring me someone else I wouldn't know what to do." 
 Fex was glad he knew his sister well, he knew she wouldn't have just stopped to look for the creator after finding out there was an illegal. This was why part of his plan was to make Peter look like Quinn, just in case, and it seems like he was right. However, she was too trusting at times, as well. 
 Her checks would only go so far, and she wouldn't dream to think Fex would break the rules and lie to her. She had this naive thought that others upheld the rules as much as she did. Bringing in someone who was able to transform, never crossed her mind. In most cases, he would never have gone this far for someone, but he had made a promise. 
 A short while later, the three of them were now in the main room. They all knelt down on the red rug that led up to a small staircase where a grand chair was centred, in the chair, the family leader, or Vampire lord of the Sanguinis, Lee sat. By his side, a middle-aged man with a small little goatee beard and pointy black hair, his second Vampire knight that held the same position as Silver. 
 Silver had stood up to give a full report, explaining why the process had taken longer than she had thought and explained the details clearly. Although she altered some trying to show her brother in the best light possible. Saying how he had planned to come back sooner until discovering the so-called illegal. She went even further stating he had killed the illegal and brought back the vampire, the route cause of the problem all on his own. Noting she had next to near no involvement in the matter. 
 Hearing all of this, Just made Fex feel bad. His dear sister was doing this all for him, so he could take all the glory while it was her hard work all along, and even worse, he had lied about it. 
 "This is excellent!" Lee said with a smile. "I can't believe one of the other families managed to screw up. Creating an illegal in a time like this. This will greatly cause disfavour to one of the families. Sin, Call the council to have a meeting immediately, we need to find out who this scum belongs to, don't tell them why but just say it's an important matter." 
 "Yes my lord," Sil said as he bowed down and suddenly seemed to disappear in a cloud of smoke. 
 "My son, you have always been a trouble maker, and I have hated you for it, sometimes I even thought you might not be right for this seat after my time, but you have made this family proud. Fex, I want you to come to the council meeting with me, I shall inform everyone of your great feat." 
 Although his father sounded joyful and happy for this matter, this was making Fex extremely anxious. When returning, he had expected punishment, perhaps for Peter to be dealt with before going to the council. Of course, there was always the chance it would still go to the council, but now his father wanted to praise his actions in front of them. 
 Once they found out the truth, how the vampire that broke the laws is still out there, and Fex had returned with the actual illegal, the whole family would be embarrassed and ashamed. 
 'Should I just tell the truth now?' Fex thought that way, it would save his family from being embarrassed, but he couldn't. If he was to reveal the information now, there was a chance that only his family would continue to keep this under wraps and send out vampires immediately. 
 If the whole council was to find out, then it would at least buy Quinn more time. The council had always been cautious when making decisions involving the human world. 
 "Am I not to be punished for my actions? I went to the human world without permission!" Fex tried to plead. 
 "Nonsense, we can say I sent you there after our team discovered something suspicious," Lee said. 
 "But..!" 
 Silver who was kneeling beside Fex tugged on his sleeve. 
 "Just take it, brother, I suspected this might happen. Although your actions were wrong, you should accept this, you know what the lord is like." She whispered. 
 Just then, a smoke of mist reappeared, and by Lee's side, Sin had returned. "The council has agreed to your meeting, as you wished my lord." 
 "Excellent," Lee said with a smile. 
 While Fex continued to look down on the ground, hiding the horror showing on his face. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 354 The council meeting 
 When a meeting between the vampire council members would be called, all of the thirteen leaders from thier castles would have to go and travel to the main castle. The main castle was where the current vampire king or queen resided. 
 Inside, near the top floor, but not quite at the very top was the meeting room. Once a month, the leaders would meet up to discuss current matters or affairs. 
 Outside of the regular meetings, an emergency meeting could be called as well. Only if there was something that needed to be reported to everyone would they meet up. On this very day, a meeting had been called. 
 This was the second emergency meeting that had been called within such a short time frame, and the tensions were high. 
 Inside the room, there were thirteen chairs equal in size spread across the table. Behind each seat a flame which burnt bright and strong. 
 Currently, all if the chairs were filled with thier leaders and one of their vampire knights by thier side. All of them apart from one. The tenth seat. 
 Most of the room was dominated by men most looked old while a couple looked young, but it was impossible to tell the real age of any. Two of the seats were filled with female leaders as well. 
 Besides these thirteen chairs at either end of the table, thier were two larger chairs. One Chair slightly bigger than the other, at this moment both of these chairs were empty as well. 
 Sitting at the first Chair near the top of the table was the first leader, an older gentlemen than the rest. Vampires at the Lord level often had great control over thier bodies. They could choose when to slow down thier ageing process. Most at the table had chosen to keep thier appearance of that of slightly older middle-aged men. Yet for some reason, the first leader preferred an aged look. 
 He was bald up top, but his facial hair was heavy around his face going down to his colour bone, all white in clour. Other than this, his forehead that seemed to always be in a prominent V shape were his most distinctive features. On top of this, the old man would never seem to leave without his trendy black slim walking stick by his side. 
 However, he never used the walking stick to walk, but kept it by his side as if his life depended on it. When the king wasn't present, it was his duty to be in charge. He still only had equal power as the rest of the thirteen, but in order for things to proceed more smoothly, the first leader was placed with this position. 
 The others didn't mind this, as the first leader was the oldest and seemed to be the most knowledgeable out of the rest. 
 Once everyone was seated, he banged his walking stick three times across the floor to signal the meeting would begin, and the room fell silent. 
 "I Bryce Cain, leader of the first seat, will now begin this meeting. This meeting has been called by the 13th seat leader of the Sanguinis family Lee." The old man said. "I hope you all know that the king is still resting and will not be attending this meeting. Unless a matter can not be agreed upon, there will be no need to call him. Now please, Lee, explain to us why this meeting was called?" 
 "Rather then explain this matter, I would like to bring them In, If I may," Lee asked, to which Bryce responded with a nod. 
 The doors to the room opened, and in came, Silver, Fex and Peter who was now officially in a black set of handcuffs. They seemed to be made form the same material as the buildings. 
 While they walked into the room, Lee tried to look at the other leaders to see if there was a reaction from one of them. 
 'Hm, they all have pretty good poker faces, maybe they don't know what he has committed.' 
 With no reaction, Lee had no choice but to continue. 
 "Recently I was tipped off from our agents that there was something strange going on at earth. As you all know, my son Fex is young and was soon to have his ceremony to turn into a vampire noble. I thought this would be a good opportunity to send him out on the field. In case there were any mistakes, Silver was sent out after him as well. 
 "When they arrived at thier location, Fex my son seemed to have discovered a White. You should all know where this is going. Other than vampires part of the part A category, all subclasses are to remain here. Which means, an illegal was created. My son has successfully captured the illegal." Lee said, pointing at Peter. 
 The others looked at Peter carefully, it was clear he was a vampire and a young one at that. Youngsters, when being turned, would rarely ever turn straight into vampires for they didn't have the power. So he must have belonged to one of the twelve there they thought. 
 But when Bryce looked at him closer, he felt strange. Even though this was a serious matter, it was clear that the vampire boy was unafraid. 
 "You all know why this is a serious matter, first off it wasn't reported. Even if a leader created a vampire in our current situation, they should report it immediately. Every family is allowed a maximum of fifteen hundred members, and last time I checked, every family is at its maximum amount. If this vampire was creating illegals, who knows they could even be creating more and perhaps planning another uprising." 
 After Lee had said this, the twelve leaders started to mumble amongst themselves. 
 "An uprising, again. This would be a serious matter, indeed." One leader said. 
 "The family who has allowed this vampire to be unruly must be punished." Another said. 
 *CLACK *CALCK *CLACK 
 Once again, Bryce banged his walking stick on the ground three times, bringing order to the room. 
 "Wheather or not it's a serious matter is undecided. Do not speak so freely about an uprising. An investigation shall be made into the family that this vampire belongs to. It might just be a stray that has done its own thing, but just to be sure we shall check thoroughly. 
 "Now to save us all time, does anyone care to admit who this vampire in the room belongs to. If you have nothing to hide, then only the vampire shall be punished." 
 The leaders started to look up and down the table, waiting for one person to be called out. The leaders didn't remember every vampire member in thier family and they didn't have a connection with all of them. In the families, about fifty of them would be connected to the actual leader in some way, and learn the families unique ability. While the rest of the vampires would simply work for the families. 
 The reason why Bryce had made the suggestion was from the feeling he was getting, he could tell that the vampire was quite a strong one for being so young. It made him believe that the vampire had to be close to the leaders, and if so, even if they didn't know what he looked like, they would have felt a connection being this close to him right now. 
 "Damn it, you fools!" Lee said in anger. "This is a serious matter, and you are only wasting our time." 
 "It is as lee said. Very well, there is one way to find out, bring the boy to me." Bryce said, and Silver brought Peter along with her, directly to the first seat, allowing Peter to stand opposite the old man. 
 Fex watching this new precisely what the old man planned to do. 
 'It won't work.' Fex thought. 
 The old man looked into Peter's eyes, and his started to glow. 
 "Tell us, which family do you belong to?" 
 Everyone in the room was sat at the edge of thier seats waiting for an answer but after a few moments. There was nothing, Peter didn't reply and remained silent. 
 Bryce tried again in case something was wrong, he looked into his eyes and said the same words. 
 "Tell us, it's an order of the council. Which family do you belong to!" He shouted, getting frustrated, but Peter didn't flinch nor did he reply. 
 "But how is this possible?" One of the leaders said. 
 Mumbling between them all began and started again, and the only one in the room who knew the answer was Fex. 
 What the first leader attempted to do, was use his Charm skills to force the information out of him. One's power would have to be far greater for this to work, and usually, it would work against a vampire that hadn't even reached the noble level. Which was why everyone was so shocked. 
 But Peter wasn't a vampire, he was a Wight an undead. Mind control, sleeping, paralysis all these things didn't work on an undead. The only one that would be able to force information out of him, was his creator. 
 However, to Bryce this only angered him further. There were a few methods to block this mind control from working, and only another leader would know such a method. In his mind, it was clear that someone was trying to hide this information and to do this and go this far, they would have had a direct connection with the family. 
 "Fine." Everyone, we shall gather downstairs in one of the training halls. "If I can't force the information out of you, then we shall beat it out of you. I'm warning you now, when I find out who this vampire belongs to they shall be in serious trouble." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook:jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 355 A punching bag 
 The council members had done as the first Leader asked. They had moved from the meeting room, down to one of the training rooms below. When they had entered, a lesson was currently taking place. The hall was enormous but plain inside. There was no equipment apart from the wooden flooring, and the only thing that could be seen was a group of teenage students receiving instructions from a teacher upfront. 
 All the students seemed to be dressed in the same type of clothing, black standard uniform with red trim around the rim of the design. While the teacher wore what looked like an overly large over coat. He too had a different coloured trim around his clothes and also the same crest as the first Leader wore. 
 As the Leaders entered the room, the teacher who was taking the lesson, eyes widened. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. "Students, quickly bow down to the Leaders." He said urgently. 
 The group of around fifty or so students immediately turned and bowed down when all the Leaders entered. 
 It was rare to see all the Leaders together unless they were to meet the King, or a meeting was about to take place. He was unaware of such a thing happening. 
 "Oh, that's right! I forgot about the current tour being organised in the main castle," Bryce said to himself. "I hope you don't mind Phil?" 
 "Not at all," Phil, the teacher said. "It's an honour to even be in your presence." 
 In chorus, all the students repeated what the teacher had said, keeping the exact phrase at the same time. "It is an honour to be in your presence." 
 When Peter entered the room with Fex and Silver, he was surprised to see how similar it seemed to the Military Academy. The only difference was it appeared like they had more respect for the Leaders, and everything was a lot more organised. Rather than them being compliant and obedient through fear, Peter could tell even just by looking at the vampires, that they were obedient through respect. 
 All students were now sitting on one side of the room. Their teacher was in the front row, while the Leaders where all lined up at the other side. The students were nervous just by looking at the Leaders. Some were already part of a family, due to their close connections. While others, although they might be under the same banner, wanted to prove their worth, in order to get a higher position in the family. 
 The vampires who weren't directly linked to a family were referred to as the Pool. Once a year, vampires would be able to move between families that they were currently registered in, and the students would be able to select which families they wanted to join. Similar to how seasons worked in sports. 
 Of course, spaces were limited to each family, as there were only a total of 1,500 spaces per family. 
 On a year-to-year basis, this number would increase, based on a few factors, such as whether or not the city could handle an increase of vampires that year. If so, then the allocation number would increase. But that time had already passed, and all the current vampires had been registered, setting the number at 1,500 per family. 
 Out of this number, fifty of those in the family would have a direct connection with the Leader in some way. An additional hundred of those would know the families' ability, while the rest would just be simple soldiers in the Pool. For those that knew or were to learn the families' ability, they would bear the families' crest on their uniform. 
 All of this meant there weren't many students who attended school in the first place, but the vampires always focused on quality rather than quantity. 
 Bryce stood in the centre of the training hall with a stick in his hand while Peter was still chained up by his side. 
 "This is your last chance to fess up," When Bryce said this, he was talking to the Leaders, but Fex felt as if the words were being directed at him. 
 "Fine, Phil! Select your best student out of this bunch," Bryce said. 
 "That would be Xander, my lord!" Phil shouted in confidence. 
 Xander immediately stood up. Most of the vampires there were handsome or beautiful, but even he seemed like a pretty boy compared to the rest, his brown hair curled on both sides and having a body frame of a top athlete. 
 "Come here, boy," Bryce said, noticing that he too had the same crest as his. Seeing the crest, meant he was one of the hundred selected to be in the family and thought there must have been a reason for him to be selected. 
 Xander had reached the centre and stood on one side, while Peter stood on the opposite. Then by using his hands, Bryce moved both of them to face each other. 
 "Have you learned the families' ability yet?" Bryce asked. 
 "Not yet, sir!" Xander replied. 
 "Good. Maybe this match will be a little entertaining. I shall get these two to fight. It will be good for us to see where the current generation are at." 
 "You're going to make me fight with these," Peter said as he lifted his hands, but suddenly, a loud thud was heard. When looking at what had caused the sound, the black cuffs that were on him had already hit the floor. In the center of them, it looked like they had been cut. 
 'I didn't even see when it happened.' Peter thought. 'These Leaders are strong… even stronger for Quinn.' 
 Bryce was telling the truth when he said he wanted to see the students' current fighting level. There had been reports that they were the worst and weakest generation the vampires had so far, but that wasn't his main reason. His idea was allowing Peter to fight there. There were two chances he could find out which family he belonged to. 
 When people were desperate and felt like their life was in danger, even vampires fought with everything they had, and in doing so, he was hoping the captive would reveal their ability. The second reason was if his life was in danger, the connection between the Leader and the vampire would be felt. 
 Bryce's gut was telling him this wasn't just a regular vampire. 
 Fex didn't even know what to say or do at this point. The only thing he could do was let things play out. 
 Bryce went back to join the other leaders, hoping he could get a closer look if one of them were to react. 
 "Begin!" Phil shouted, and Xander immediately charged forward. 
 From the get-go, they could see him spring to action. 
 "No wonder he's the top student," One of the Leaders said. 
 "Ah, my Fex is still faster than him." Lee started to brag, but of course, that would be the case. Fex had acquired special training, due to him being a son of the Leader. He didn't exactly attend normal classes. Even when he did, he never felt like he fitted in anyway. 
 Peter, seeing this, stood still. The others thought Xander was simply moving too fast for him to react, but that wasn't the case at all. As Xander approached him, using all of his strength, he threw his fist right into Peter's face. The blow was hard and blood splattered from his mouth across the floor. 
 However, his body hadn't moved a single step from the powerful blow. As Peter turned his head back to look at Xander, he started to place his hand on his jaw that seemed to be shattered but was already healing. 
 "Well, that hurt a bit," Peter said. This was an unusual feeling for him, but this was because he still had the blood of Quinn running through his body, powering him, causing him to feel alive. 
 Xander was slightly stunned. A blow like that would have knocked most people out, or at least sent them back a few feet. Still, he regained his composure and started to punch away at Peter's stomach. 
 The speed was amazing, and punch after punch was being delivered. The power was so strong that Peter had been lifted off his feet, but the punches continued, not allowing him to fall to the floor. They carried on moving him slightly back towards the edge of the room. 
 "I thought you said we were meant to watch a show of skill, not a beating!" One Leader shouted out. 
 "I thought the kid had something in him. His eyes said he was different," another replied. 
 "Oh no, the blood!" Fex panicked. The more Peter was getting hit, the more of Quinn's blood was being spilt. The aura and smell surrounding Peter would soon weaken to the point where they would find out who he really was. 
 But Fex wasn't the only one who could tell what was happening, Peter too. The blood flowing through him was not only being spilt, but was also being used to heal his wounds. He felt the power draining from his body fast. 
 Another punch was delivered to his body, and his back was now up against the wall. 
 "You're done!" Xander said, throwing out both of his fists at the same time with more power than before. 
 Bryce carefully looked around to try to look and see if any of the Leaders had any type of reaction, but there was none. When he turned his head back around again, he was surprised to see the fight wasn't over. 
 "I am not your punching bag," Peter said as he balled his fists. 
 Using all of his strength, he gripped as hard as he could, shattering both of Xander's fists, pulling him forward and using that moment, he gave a thick boot to his face. A few seconds later, Xander fell to the floor. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can support my *******: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 356 Working together? 
 As soon as Xander's body had hit the floor, Phil, the teacher stood up from the floor and placed both of his hands over his head. The two kids looked around the same age, and Phil was overly confident that his students would succeed. Yet, somehow, this unknown kid had the strength to overpower his best student with just two moves. 
 Usually, a fight between any student vampires would be close, even with a skill gap. But this fight was different. It was as if they were watching completely different classes of vampires going against each other. Only a vampire Nobel would be able to do such a thing. 
 "Well, maybe this will be interesting, after all." A female leader said with a smile. She quickly licked her lips as if Peter was looking like a delicious piece of meat. 
 However, a few moments later, Xander had stood up from the floor and took another fighting stance. His face was covered in blood that had been gushing from his nose and was now all over his school uniform. 
 "Yes, Xander, stop messing around and kick him, bite him, do whatever you can!" Phil screamed as he was starting to get overly excited. If his top student lost here, perhaps his family position as a teacher would be jeopardized. 
 Peter, on the other hand, had found a new will to fight. The more blood he would lose, the quicker he would be discovered. As he got injured too much as well, it was harder for him to control his MC cells, which would eventually lead to his transformation giving in. 
 He would do anything to last a second longer. After seeing how strong just one of the Leaders were, Peter wanted to do anything, any minute, or second to delay them from going after him. 
 Xander, this time moved in again, not as fast as before due to him being cautious now. Rather than throwing out his punches in rapid succession, he was carefully placed each one directly, but Peter, for the first time in a long time, was using his hands, legs, and speed to block and avoid each one of the strikes. 
 Usually, Peter's fighting style was not to care if he got hurt, for his body would heal after, but this was different. 
 "He's toying with the poor kid." A leader said. 
 "You're right," Bryce replied. "The other person can't even touch him, but there's no doubt about it; he's a vampire though and not a noble one. If one is this strong, he has to be deeply connected to a family. We need someone to push him, someone to push him to the end." 
 "Come on, hit me!" Xander shouted, getting frustrated that none of his attacks seemed to be working. He now went into desperation mode and started to use some of his blood skills. He performed blood swipes, but if one couldn't hit someone with their fist, it would equally be useless to try to use the blood abilities unless they had a skill that slowed Peter down; other than that, there seemed to be no way for Xander to win this fight. 
 Peter, however, had decided that he would not strike back, his reason. Delaying the fight. After a while, the others noticed this too and eventually… 
 *CLACK *CLACK *CLACK 
 "Enough, this match is over," Bryce said. "No one can learn anything from this fight anymore." 
 While Xander went back to tend to his injuries. Bryce was thinking about what to do. Of course, he could beat the kid himself, but that would be too simple. 
 "Bryce." Lee interrupted. "May I suggest if you could let my son be the one to face him. I believe we will all be able to learn something then, and after all, he was the one who brought him in." 
 This would be a great way for the thirteenth family to show their strength, and have a one-up on the first family. However, Bryce couldn't turn down such a reasonable and sensible request in front of the other leaders. 
 "That does make sense, fine, I agree. Go ahead, young boy!" 
 Even though Fex had been called to the stage, he didn't move from his spot. His father was constantly calling out his name, but his mind was deep in thought. He was trying his best to come up with a solution to get out of this. 
 Until his sister gave him a small slap on the back of the head from behind, as he went to turn around to complain, he could hear his name being called out by his father. 
 "Fex, what's the matter with you…" Said Lee. "Go up on to the stage and fight, the boy. Everyone is waiting." 
 "Huh... Me? Fight him?" Fex said, having not heard what the others were talking about before. 
 "Get up there now!" Lee shouted, and in an instant, Fex was walking to the centre. 
 'What do I do, what do I do. Should I fight at full strength? The others will know if I try to pull anything, and sooner or later, Peter will be found out anyway, right?' There was no more time to think, as the two were now standing opposite each other. 
 With sweat running down his face, Phil shouted."Begin!" 
 This time, the first one to react was Peter; he charged in and threw a punch. On reflex, Fex reacted, moving to the side. Peter's body was now wide open for the perfect punch, but Fex didn't take it and instead jumped back. 
 "Seems like your boy is a little scaredy-cat." The leaders said, trying to anger Lee. 
 "Just you watch!" Lee said. 
 Charging in again, Peter threw another punch, swinging wide and missing. There was another perfect opportunity for Fex, and knowing the others were watching, he decided to attack. 
 'I have, I have to use my full power; otherwise, the others will know.' The punch landed directly on Peter's rib cage, but instead of a face full of pain, a smile appeared on Peter's face as he fell to the floor. 
 'I have to; I'm sorry, Peter.' Fex said as he charged in again. 
 *CLACK 
 "Enough!" Bryce shouted. 
 Immediately, Fex stopped, confused. What was happening? Why had they stopped the fight? 
 But all of the leaders, even his father, and sister, looked horrified. 
 'Not enough blood has been spilt, right. So they couldn't have found Peter out yet.' 
 "Tell me now, are you two working together?" Bryce questioned them. 
 "Of course we…." 
 "Think before you answer," Bryce said in a demanding straight tone. 
 Something had obviously happened in the fight that not even Fex had noticed, to make the two of them suspicious. 
 "It's clear to all of us here, not just you, but both of you were pulling your power. We can gather an idea of his strength from the last fight, but it was too obvious. The student's demeanour completely changed when fighting you, and even you this whole time seemed to be shocked. Even now, your body is shaking." Bryce said, using his cane to point at Fex's legs. 
 When he looked down, his legs were indeed shaking, and he hadn't even noticed. 'Have I been like this the whole time?' 
 It seemed Like Fex really couldn't keep a lie. 
 "So are the 13th family behind it after all?" 
 "But, then why would they call the meeting?" 
 The other leaders started to come up with crazy theories of what was happening right now, which began to frustrate not only Lee but Silver as well. 
 "This is ridiculous; I'll prove to your family that my brother is innocent!" Silver said as she walked on to the stage towards Peter. 
 Carefully, Peter kept an eye on Silver; he knew he had no chance against the Leaders, but what about her. He still could turn those that he killed into Wights as well. There might be a chance he could do something with her later if that were the case. 
 He saw her lifting her foot slightly, and the next thing he knew, his whole body was flying through the air. Just like the Leaders attack, he couldn't tell where Silver's attack had come from either. 
 His Neck had been twisted as his body laid on the floor, but this wasn't enough to kill a Wight. Getting up off the ground, his head started to heal and twist back. However, now everyone could see that the face that was previously on him was no more. 
 "No...that's the." Silver was about to say something but kept her mouth shut. 
 Still, Bryce already knew. 
 "It's a Wight. Now it makes sense why my skills didn't work earlier. You tricked us. The blood that resides in his body is no longer strong. Now, unlike the others, I don't believe that Lee would have called a meeting if he indeed was in charge of this vampire, and Silver, and Fex, just now would have been unable to hit him. This means the vampire belongs to another family, but the question is, Did Fex really betray us or not? Luckily, there's an easy way to find out." 
 Bryce's eyes started to glow as he took a step forward. Fex knew that he planned to do what he had tried doing to Peter, only it would work on him. 
 "Stop!" Lee said with his hand out, blocking his Bryce from moving forward. 
 "I believe in my son, he would never betray the family. Although he is a troublemaker at times. Once he makes a promise, he will keep it. He would never willingly bring harm to the family. If anyone is going to find out the truth, then it will be me." 
 His father started to walk up to Fex, ready to use his influence skill. As the family leader, it would work even better if Bryce was to use it, but the words his father spoke were unexpected. He never knew his father thought of him this way. 
 His whole life, while growing up, he had been called an idiot, a troubled child. Yet, now his father thought so highly of him, he couldn't allow his family to face any further embarrassment. 
 "Father, please.. I admit it; there is no need. I tried to trick you all, and I admit my wrongs." 
 His father immediately stopped in his footsteps and could no longer look at his son, anger, sadness, or disappointment; he didn't know what he felt right now. 
 "Well, that decides it. Fex Sanguinis shall be brought in for questioning. The other vampire will be kept in captivity until we find out which family he belongs to. And I shouldn't have to add that but have to remind you that Fex has committed a serious crime. A trial between the leaders shall be conducted, where the decision and fate of Fex shall be decided." Bryce adjourned the meeting. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 357 The Vampire Trial 
 The interrogation process had begun, and there was no need for the vampires to use thier influence powers on Fex. Due to Fex unique position and the strange circumstances, he was first kept in confinement at the castle to be watched over and then would be moved at a later time. This was because the others still did not know that Fex had actually snuck out instead. Instead, they stuck with the story of Fex having being ordered. If they had known the truth, they would have never allowed this as an option. 
 While in confinement, there were several guards, not just of the Sanguinis family, but also of the other families. They would stay just outside of his room at all times, making sure he didn't escape. 
 He had come clean about what he had done, and Silver was there to confirm and fill in the details. The method he had used to trick her and the others and even Silver got a small scolding from her father for not thoroughly checking. More questions were asked, but ultimately they were only concerned about what family the Wight had come from. 
 In the end, the only information they could get from him regarding this was that he didn't know what family the vampire that created the Wight belonged to. 
 Inside the first room, inside his own castle, was the leader Bryce and the second leader Harold. Thier rooms had a victorian decor to them, and on the back wall up against the bed was the family crest. Several paintings were also displayed on the wall of the previous leaders. 
 The two of them were sat opposite each other on a sofa. When looking at them the second leader, Harold, although sitting towered in size compared to the first. He was a tall man, he was far taller than any of the other vampires, but he was also incredibly thin. His appearance would often remind people of a stick insect or a large tree. He had entered the first room to deliver all the information that had been gathered from Fex. 
 "What do you think? The reports say they used the influence skill to get these answers from him, but I don't believe them. Other reports also state that Lee hasn't even been to see his son since they found out." Harold explained. 
 Bryce continually tapped his cane on top of his bald head as he thought until he stopped to give his answer. 
 "I think the boy is telling the truth, and the way they are acting confirms that the family had no involvement in the boy's actions. They could be acting, but we have all known Lee for the longest time, he works on pure emotion, and he would never think past being caught. 
 "The problem is the Wight. Its power depends on its creator power, and if they used the blood of the creator, we all were it in that room. For a vampire, he must be strong. When Silver went to kick the white, I looked carefully to see if anyone flinched to try to protect it, but no one did. 
 "Of course, it could be something as simple as that the vampire isn't closely connected to the families at all. But I find it hard to believe that one so strong slipped through everyone's fingers during the pool process. 
 What if the vampire wasn't from here?" 
 "What do you mean, like an Earth agent, we have them all accounted for, and you know they belong to a mix of families. I doubt that if they did know they all would have kept their mouths shut." Harold replied. 
 "Exactly, do you remember the tenth seat? The fire has been lit and maybe, whoever he passed his powers onto, is trying to regrow their powers again. If so, we need to plan our next move carefully." 
 After a few days of confinement, they had eventually made the decision that Fex should be treated like every other criminal that would be in the same situation. He should be placed in the underground dungeon, behind bars with Peter, until his trial was to take place. 
 They explained that they had given special treatment, out of respect for Lee. However, Lee didn't try to object and allowed the decision to move forward. 
 In the underground Cellar, not a single person had gone to meet Fex so far, that was until his dear sister had arrived. 
 "Why….Why..did you do it..why did you do it, Brother?" Silver eventually managed to say, but it was hard for her to get the words out. 
 "Sis." Fex said as he walked towards the bars and looked at his sister's face. Usually, she carried an expressionless look. A look of iron while walking around the castle. But this face he was seeing now, he had only seen a few times when they were younger. 
 "Please don't be sad sis, I'm an idiot you know I am. I never followed the rules, and this time I just went one too far!." 
 "Lies!" Silver said as she banged her hand against the black bars. "You would never hurt the family. You were meant to be the next leader." 
 "It was a role that never suited me in the first place. It always suited you, but our family states our leader can never be a woman. I mean what a load of crap is that. If I was to become the leader, the first thing I would do is get rid of that rule.." He realised he was starting to trail off. It was always his way of dealing with things. Never confronting the situation at hand. He could see that she was clearly hurt and she deserved to know the reason why. He was done joking around. 
 "Did father ask you to come here?" Fex asked. 
 "No, he hasn't said a word about you to anyone. The only reason I was able to come to see your right now is that the council have a trial where a decision will be made." 
 Fex went back to sit on his bed, he couldn't look at his sister's face any longer, and it was only crushing him more as he looked at her. He then started to think back why he even did everything he had done in the first place. 
 "I made a promise to him. At first, when I discovered he was a vampire, I really was going to turn him into you guys when you came to get me. But during the time we were together he treated me differently…Perhaps differently is not the right word. Even at school here, everyone knew me as the heir to the thirteenth seat. I got better treatment than everyone else during school, I scored higher on the exams. 
 "Sounds great right? But in reality, it was a really lonely life. I had no friends, our father was always busy, and I only had you to annoy. The only thing that got me through school at the time was our grandfather stories about the earth. It gave me hope, a dream to work towards and power through everything knowing it would all be okay. 
 "When I got there, I realised it wasn't the items or the landscape that was different, but it was the people. There was a lot that acted and thought a lot like vampires, but there was a group of people who thought differently. They thought their own way and the vampire who was part of the group treated me the same as everyone else. 
 "He saved my life, and in more ways than one. After that, we became blood brothers. My blood with his blood. No matter what we had a bond and I would do anything not to give him in." 
 The heavy burden that was on Silver's heart seemed to lift. He didn't betray the family for some petty reason. He had made a deep promise. And his principles made him keep to that. She understood now and didn't hate him for his decision, but being blood brothers was a serious thing to promise. Even if one wasn't part of the family, it meant they would treat them like family. 
 "Who is this vampire?" Silver asked. "And I know you don't know what family he belongs to, but who is he to cause you to go that far?" 
 Fex thought about it for a while before giving an answer, it was a difficult question for him. 
 "He's a person who I truly think will be able to change the vampire world one day," Fex mumbled out, but Silver was able to hear it still. 
 She couldn't help but chuckle. The vampires had stayed the same for thousands of years, and one person was meant to change that who she had never heard or seen before. 
 "I see you're laughing. Let me ask you, have you ever seen a regular vampire defeat a king tier beast on its own before. And have ever seen a vampire who wasn't at the Nobel level proform skills beyond. On top of that, all this strength seemed to be obtained in a matter of months." 
 Suddenly, Silver wasn't laughing anymore as she realised what Fex was saying, but it couldn't be possible, right? At the same time, Fex had no reason to Lie. 
 "He, learnt skills that took me years to perfect in a day, and originally, I was far stronger than him, but now I would be scared to even fight him. His growth in strength is at a monstrous level, and I imagine he's only sped it up even more. I can't wait to see what the others will do when they see him." Fex said with a smile on his face. 
 But these last words, Silver worried. 
 Inside the meeting room, the council had just finished their meeting, and a decision had been made. 
 Bryce stood up to give his final announcements to everyone. "So it's decided, the Wight known as Peter shall be kept in the dungeon, until we find out which family he belongs to. Since this is our only lead at the moment. 
 As For Fex Sanguinis, he shall be punished for his crimes. We have found that his actions are of his own doing and has nothing to do with the relation of the thirteenth family. So they shall not be dragged into this mess, and their name dragged through the mud. His status as a member of one of the thirteen shall be stripped, meaning he no longer belongs to any of the thirteen families. 
 "However, as a non-member of any of the thirteen families, he can receive the standard punishment for these types of crimes. The date has been decided, and Fex will be punished, by death." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 358 Becoming a Numbered 
 In an unknown metallic large room, sitting at a table where four people. On the back of the seats, each one was numbered, going from two to four. An empty chair with the number one was at the table as well. This was a meeting between the founders of Pure—the top-ranked in the whole base. 
 Number 2, a black muscle male with sunglasses covering his eyes, was the meeting organizer today and was there to inform everyone of some important news. 
 "The tip-off to the Trudream family was a success. It seems they are gathering their men and are planning an attack soon." Number 2 said. 
 "Ha, I can't believe he really fell for it, what a rash idiot. Why would he even think about going up against the Blades." Number 3, another male replied. 
 "Well, it's to be expected." Number 5, an old, middle-aged female, said. "Truedream is new when it comes to not only his powers but also the Big Four. As he has close relations with the military, the others probably didn't want to reveal too much information to him. The way I see it is, there are two outcomes to this event. Either the Truedream family will no longer exist, or the Truedream family lose the war, with a chunk of the Blades power taken away." 
 "So, you think there is no chance of Truedream winning this war either then." Number 2 said with a sigh. "We shall be keeping a close eye on this fight. Suppose Truedream manages to cause significant damage to the Blades. It might be our chance to move in. If the Truedream's are eliminated, then the whole landscape of the current system might change." 
 "Isn't that the point, though." Number four replied. She was a female with ponytails, one side of her hair was pink while the other was green, and in her hand a lollipop that she had taken out while speaking. "I mean, the blades are doing our job for us." 
 "Maybe." Number 2 replied. "But I think it's too soon, we never planned to Kill Truedream but use him. He could be our answer to taking everyone's powers away, but with him dead, or the power into the Blade's hand, it might not be for the best of the human race." 
 ***** 
 Clash! – Wack! – Whoosh! 
 The sound of swords and weapons rattling against each other was heard throughout the hall. Observing all of them was Agent 15, James. He always had his large rusty sword on his back, where the guard was as wide as his shoulders. Whenever one would look at the weapon, they could only imagine what beast he needed to defeat to obtain such a grand thing. 
 Although his eyes should have been looking at all the sparring sessions going on, he was focused on a particular individual who hadn't been at the base for too long, Erin. 
 Erin carried her long sword with a blue base and hilt, while her opponent, a short-haired male with glasses, used two small dual blades that were slightly curved. The two of them were sweating and had been going at it for a while now. For the last few days, they had sparred with each other without a winner being chosen. 
 Usually, one would spar with their practice partner, and after he dropped their weapon or admitted defeat, they would move onto a new partner. But with these two, there still had been no winner. The session would always end, but James couldn't let the lesson continue with many other things yet to be learned. 
 The amazing thing was Erin's learning speed with the sword. He had shown her a few simple techniques, and it seemed she had been concentrating well in classes. Picking up things at an amazing speed, every sparring session so far, she would implement the things she had been taught, defeating her opponents one by one. 
 At first, she had a few losses and wins, but before meeting this student. She had been on a complete winning streak as if something clicked in her head. Right, now she was against Bart, the second-best pupil, and it hadn't been long. 
 Erin looked carefully and waited for her opponent to strike first. 
 'When I first got here, it was a little hard. I didn't realize how much I relied on my ability. If I couldn't make up for it with my swordsmanship, then my ability would be able to cover me. But after learning from James, I can feel I'm getting better and stronger.' 
 But the opponent in front of her was strong. The usual things that had been taught to her, he knew too. She couldn't overpower him with strength, and their stamina was at the same level, so she couldn't rely on tiring him out either. 
 'Should I try something new? I might lose if it doesn't work out, but it's the only chance I got.' Using both hands, she gripped her long sword tightly and moved in. 
 'What is she up too?' James thought as he watched the fight continue and noticed movements different from before. 
 Rather than rushing straight forward, she started to jump immediately; as one foot would hit the floor, bouncing from side to side. It almost looked like a type of dance. 
 The student carefully observed her with his eyes, waiting for her to strike. It didn't matter how she ran towards him; it would all be the same to him. 
 Then, when Erin was in range, her foot touched the ground; she kicked off using all her strength and spun her body holding the sword. It caused an unusual striking pattern from below, but the student could block it with both of his blades. However, the rotation of the spin and power from jumping off her leg made the attack stronger than usual, and the only thing he could do was deflect the attack barely. 
 His whole body swung to the side from the weight of the attack. As Erin spun upward in the air, like a bird flying, it seemed like she would remain upward forever. She lifted the sword above and swung it down elegantly, stopping just before the students head. 
 "What was that? I didn't teach her that!" James said. "It looked like a...type of dance." 
 Taking her Blade away from the student, she clicked her tongue and turned away in disappointment. 
 "Still not good enough, it still doesn't feel right!" 
 What Erin had just attempted to do, was one of the swordsmanship moves that Fex had shown her while she was being used as a puppet. Every day, she continued to practice those motions, hoping to get the same feeling, but it never did happen. It was hard for her to try to replicate such smooth actions, having only experienced it once. 
 "Excellent!" James said as he started clapping. "You two come over here." He said, shouting across the room. 
 Both, Bart with the glasses and Erin, walked over to James off to the side while the rest of the students continued to practice. 
 "I just witnessed what you both did and have been watching you both fight for the last few days. Bart, don't be upset... you have remained my best student for the longest time, but there is still room for you to improve, and I think you learnt that today. 
 "While, Erin, I never knew you had learned swordsmanship before coming here, you always seemed to use the skills I taught so far. Do you have a teacher?" James asked. 
 Erin started to think back about what to say; at one point, she did have a teacher from her family, but that was a long time ago, and she didn't think he was referring to those skills. 
 "It's a family secret, and I hope to keep it with me if that's okay." Erin lied, hoping he wouldn't question her further after her reply. 
 "Never mind, I was just curious," said James. "The reason why I have called you here is that I want to nominate you too for the Agents' exam." 
 "You mean, there's been an opening in the top 100?" Bart said excitedly. 
 "Yes, not just one but two. They have asked all the teachers to select their best two students, which is why I have called both of you here today." James explained, "This is a good opportunity for you both. If you are selected as a numbered agent, you will be able to leave the base. We will assign you a mission on one of the planets or even at one of the military bases. Prove your worth, and maybe one day, you will be in the same position as I am at." 
 Erin had learned quite a bit while staying at the base about the ranking system. The agents in the top hundred rarely dropped out of rank. They often switched positions between each other, but this was the first time they were looking for someone from the hundreds to become a numbered. 
 "Does this mean two of the agents from the numbered were killed?" Erin asked. 
 Looking at Erin's face and her determined look. James thought she deserved to know the truth. She had earned it after how hard she had been working. 
 "I'm not really meant to tell you this, but it's not really a secret either, but since it revolves around you, I think you should know. The truth is we don't really know what's happened to him, but one of them was agent 100, Layla. The person who recommended you to us. She's no longer responding to our calls." 
 Hearing this news was devastating to Erin, and she was starting to fear the worst. 
 'What happened to you, Layla?' 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 359 Back at Lintarnia 
 It was early morning, and it was finally time for school to start up again. The students would be attending their final term and preparing for the exams ahead before enjoying their summer break. This meant the teachers no longer had much to do, and this included general Nathan, who was in charge of the first-year students. 
 He was in a chirpy mood as he entered the office, with a hop in each step and whistling a tune. Usually, Mondays would be the worst for most people, but it was the start of something new for him. 
 Although, their military base had failed at securing the first position and becoming winners of the base event. They had been praised for at least not coming in last. Not only that but Oscar, the supreme commander, had complimented them for how much improvement they had compared to the previous year. He stated he would be coming over the summer when the students weren't present to congratulate everyone. 
 There were still problems between Truedream and Duke and Paul, but that was something Nathan didn't care to get involved in. The head general could take care of that, as it was above his pay grade. Besides, it seemed like Truedream had stopped making requests from the second base as he was busy preparing for something else. 
 "Finally, no problems, no drama, I can just relax," Nathan said as he went to sit down at his desk. That's when he noticed something strange, a white envelope. This was rare in this day and age, where anyone could just send someone a message in an instant. Even if they didn't want to, they could always send you a message later. 
 So, he was curious about the contents of the letter. As Nathan quickly opened the letter, he realized there wasn't much on it. 
 "Dear Nathan 
 I am leaving the military base for good. 
 From Leo." 
 "Huh?" Nathan thought as he must have missed something. He reread the few lines again and again until reality hit him. 
 "WHAT!?" He shouted. "He just left like that; it's the middle of the term; who's going to take over the beast class, and what about a new sergeant." 
 Nathan immediately sat down and started to press his two fingers on his forehead as he could feel a slight headache coming on. 
 'Well, we did put that condition that he could leave whenever he wanted. But I thought he would have at least informed us, what about common courtesy. 
 However, he couldn't stay mad for long. Leo had helped him in many situations during his short stay here, and it was a person even he looked up to. 
 "You were a great man, Leo. Because of you, there were times when the Duke and the others chose to do something different. Wherever you are, I hope you are doing well." Nathan said with a smile, before quickly cursing at him for giving him more work on his relaxing day off. 
 **** 
 On planet Lintarnia it was a peaceful day just like any over. The long grass was healthy and green, and the blue river was flowing nicely next to the quiet Shelter. After leaving the military base, Leo had gathered all of his things and had made his move here. 
 "I'm finally back," Leo said after coming through the portal. The portal used had dropped him in the centre of the Shelter and all his belongings came through with him, were left at the side. Leaving them there, he set off. 
 While walking through the Shelter, people looked at Leo strangely, for they could tell he was blind due to his strange eyes. Yet, somehow, he was walking fine. The Shelter didn't often get visitors, not ones that would stand out as much as Leo. So, they all paid quite a bit of attention to him. 
 While walking through the Shelter heading for a particular destination, Leo started to think about the changes his body was experiencing. His ability was being restored to what it once was at an incredibly fast rate. He had done it once before, and the second time around was even easier. 
 He noticed and could feel all the changes in his body since that day. When practising his swordsmanship, it was harder for him to tire out and feel exhausted, and even walking through crowds of people now, he could tell each person was different through their scent like a dog. 
 He was thankful to Quinn; he had given him the ring allowing him to walk in daylight, just to see how it would affect him, Leo had taken the ring off while outside. The effects were instant, and it hit like a bomb. It wasn't what he had expected at all. 
 If it wasn't for the ring, he wouldn't have even dared walking out during the night. Being that weak with him being who he was, wasn't a good idea. 
 He had also learned to perform a few blood abilities, but he wouldn't use them again after testing them out once. This was because of Quinn's warning, as well as what he could feel through his own body. His hunger and his life force were leaving him. Not only that, but through his ability, he could see it as well. 
 It hadn't been long, but he was experiencing small parts of hunger now and then, but it wasn't to the point where he needed to do something about it, not yet anyway. 
 This wasn't a huge worry, obtaining blood may sound difficult at first, but with him being who he was, he didn't think it would be difficult, especially in a shelter with a population of twenty or so thousand people. 
 While thinking about all these things, he had finally reached his destination. He stood outside, what looked like a sizeable styled dojo. There were two giant red doors, and a wall surrounding the whole place. 
 It was sparkly clean, with a white finish and there weren't many buildings around it at all. As if it was an abandoned place. 
 "They managed to rebuild it to my exact specifications as well. It looks nice." Opening the large two Red giant doors, a man from inside the dojo came rushing out as soon as they heard it. 
 "Hey get out of here, how many times do I have to tell you, the owner of this place wants no visitors!" A young man started yelling while out in his shorts and sunglasses. 
 It was clear he had been enjoying the large building to himself, as behind him just in front of the dojo building, was a sunbed. 
 However, as the young man got closer, he lifted his glasses, and he realized his grave mistake. 
 "Sir, you're back. When did you come back? Why didn't you inform me earlier?" The young-looking man looked barely over the age of twenty and was flustered. "I would have made sure to have everything ready for your liking." 
 "Don't worry about that," Leo said. "For now, I just want to rest. How has the Shelter been? Have the travellers got paid well? Were there any troubles within the Shelter?" 
 "While you were away, I did everything as you wished. The payments for the Factions and travellers have been kept up, although there haven't been many attacks from beasts apart from one or two once in a while, and as you wished, the payments and donations to the Shelter have been kept anonymous." The man replied. 
 For the last couple of years, Leo had been funding the entire Shelter himself with his own money. The beast crystals he had obtained, the money from the previous war, and all the money he received from teaching went to this Shelter. 
 This place was dear to him because it was the Shelter that he and his master and all the other students used to stay at before the Dalki attack. When they came, they had destroyed everything, and no one survived. 
 The government had given up on it, as it would have been more expensive to rebuild then build a new one altogether. This was when Leo stepped in. He rebuilt everything and invited those related to the ones that had died over to the Shelter free of charge. 
 Later, the Shelter grew on its own, and it became like any of the others, with taxes and so on being paid. But they still needed protection, and as it wasn't one owned by the government or the big four, Leo decided to take up that role. 
 There was one other reason for him doing all this as well. 
 "Any news on anyone suspicious entering the city?" Leo asked. 
 "Unfortunately, none that matched your description." The young man replied. 
 The other reason was in rebuilding the Shelter, was because of his master. The two of them were last seen at the dojo. Or at least the ruins of it. He was hoping that there was a chance he would one day come back. But still, it seemed like he hadn't returned. 
 "Although there wasn't a man of your description who had entered the Shelter. There were reports of two individuals, a man with a large sword on his back, and a young girl." 
 "Do you know where they went?" Leo asked. 
 "They travelled up the clifftop, not too far from here near the river." 
 "I'll go check it out, prepare my things, and bring them in when you can. I left them all by the teleporting station. I'll be staying here… I don't know for how long but at least a little while." 
 "Yes, sir." 
 Walking to the cliff top, Leo had a clue who the young man was talking about. A while ago, when the kids were in trouble, he had lent them a teleporter to use, and that teleporter led them to this place. However, he was unsure about the man. 
 The kids hadn't told him their full plan, so perhaps one of them had connections to this man. Either way, with no clues about where his master was, he needed to start somewhere, even though the chances were slim. Maybe the two mysterious people weren't who he thought they were. 
 Along the way, several flying type intermediate beasts had come his way. Usually, they would be attacking anything on-site, and this included Leo, but this time they were staying away. 
 "Can they sense I've changed?" He thought, but as long as they didn't attack him, there was no need to go hunting for beasts. 
 Finally, he had reached the edge of the clifftop. Using his ability, he started to look around to see if there were any more clues, and eventually, he found something on the ground. 
 Picking it up, he noticed that it was a watch, but not just any watch; it was a design he became familiar with not too long ago, a watch from the military. 
 "I wonder what this is doing here?" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jsmanga 

 
	 Chapter 360 Useless Martial Arts 
 The Monday lesson's started as usual for Quinn and the others. But with the pending problem of the Vampires eventually finding out and coming after Quinn. They couldn't completely relax just yet. 
 In their homeroom lesson, Del started to explain about what would be coming up on the upcoming final exam test. 
 There were no more physical assessments apart from the two portal outings that had already proceeded, so the only tests left were written ones. Normal subjects, such as maths, science, English and I.T continued but were never the main focus. On top of the usual tests, students would also have to perform a general knowledge test. 
 This would test them on knowledge such as, how to use such equipment, being able to differentiate between different tier beast crystals. Different, types of beasts and their weak points, and information on the Dalki and what weapons they would use. Luckily for Quinn, this was nothing for him to worry about. 
 Not having an ability during his school life, the only thing he could do was study. So he was confident about getting a good grade. When thinking about the others in the group, he could only imagine they would do great as well, the only one he would have worried about was Fex, who was now no longer with them. 
 'I hope you're doing okay?' Quinn thought. 
 As the morning classes ended, it was time for them to go to their designated club class. Quinn started to head off to the weapons class and noticed that his homeroom teacher Del was going in the same direction as him. 
 'Don't tell me.' 
 A horrid thought had crossed his mind, and he just hoped his gut feeling wasn't right this time. 
 A few moments later… 
 "Alright everyone, unfortunately, Leo has left the military base for good," Del said, annoyed. He had suddenly been told in the morning that he was the one who now had to cover the beast weapons class. Due to Del's ability of being able to reinforce and allow beast weapons to grow stronger, he had a lot of knowledge about beast weapons, so they thought he would be a good substitute. 
 But to Del, it was just more work he didn't want to do. 
 "So, I will now be your teacher. My name is…" 
 Del started to introduce himself and ramble on to the class. Not everyone in the beasts weapons class was part of Del's homeroom, so some didn't know him well like Quinn and the others. 
 Thinking back to the first day he had met him, Quinn knew this would take a while, as Del loved to talk about himself. 
 Looking around the room, ignoring what was being said, he spotted Layla at the back of the crowd. Hoping to go over there, he started to shift through the people. 
 'I wonder how she's doing with her ability and change, it can be hard to handle.' 
 Then when he finally could see her better, there was a little surprise. Standing by her side was Cia. Cia wasn't part of the beast weapons class before, but people were able to freely switch whenever they wanted. A lot of students would do so to be more varied in their skills. While others stayed to specialise in one. 
 As soon as Quinn saw her though, he decided to turn away and head back to the front of the class. He had heard from Layla how upset Cia was and how everything was affecting her. He couldn't help but feel a little guilty for what he had done, but he had no choice. It was that or death. Still, it was too early to face her knowing what had happened. 
 Trying to think about a positive out of this, he managed to see one. 
 'Maybe with her losing her memories and knowing nothing about Pure, she could become a good companion. Her skill was extremely useful in the fight against the king tier beast.' Quinn thought. 
 Seeing this, Layla understood Quinn's actions. She was the one who had actually invited Cia along and asked her to change class, and Cia immediately agreed. 
 Cia didn't know why, but lately, when she started to feel upset, or begin to worry, just being next to Layla made her feel better. It got to the point that when Layla wasn't there, and she started to feel sad, she would outright go searching for her. 
 This was because of Layla's newfound power. She had found to use her abilities; there were two ways. She could channel the negative thoughts within herself, or there was a second alternative. To feed off the negative emotions of those around her. When doing so, it seemed to lighten Cia's mood significantly. 
 Layla felt a little guilty as in reality, she wanted to keep Cia around so she could have a type of leaching effect. If she ever needed to use her powers, she could do so, as long as she was there. And seeing her cheer up a little made her feel less bad about the whole thing. However, Layla was unaware of the addictive effect this was having. 
 "Okay, with self-introductions over, what was Leo teaching you guys before the event?" Del asked. 
 A student raised their hand slightly and gave an answer. 
 "We were focusing on combat skills when we didn't have our beast weapons, sir." 
 "Pft… Useless. What's the point of that?" Del said. "Do you think you're going to be able to tear through a Dalki's skin using your bare hands? The only good thing hand to hand combat is used for is fighting against other humans. If you want to practice that stuff then fine." 
 The students started to nod in agreement, some of them initially thought it was useless and why they were doing it. Still, there was also the other camp, and these comments angered Quinn a little. It was as if Del was trying to talk down about Leo while he wasn't here. 
 Del had purposely misled them by not telling them the full story. Leo had explained that beast armour at a higher level can enhance the user's natural strength. If one was to lose their weapon, or it would break in a fight, knowing such skills could be a matter of life and death. 
 It had also helped Quinn much in learning, the crescent blood kick, one of the most powerful skills in his arsenal. 
 "I can see you aren't all convinced," Del said, looking at Quinn's scrunched up face. "Why don't one of you come up here and try to use the martial arts you learnt on me." 
 A girl student raised her hand and volunteered, she went up to the stage, and Del told her to remove her beast gear, while he would only use his large shield that covered his whole body. 
 "Come attack me," Del said. "Let's see how useful your martial arts skills are? " 
 The girl came forward, and started to perform kicks to the side, from above, and would try to mix in a few feints, but Del blocked them all with his shield. 
 Quinn thought the whole demonstration was pointless. Del was a teacher who should have had more experience and skill in the first place, not only that, the shield was as big as him, the only thing Del needed to do was shift the shield slightly from one side to the other. If there was more than one opponent, his demonstration would be pointless. 
 After the girl had given up a few more students started to come on stage, and Del would continually block all thier attacks, punches and kicks. 
 #This continued on for a while, and the students were starting to grow bored. 
 "Are we going to do this for the whole lesson?" 
 " think, he just wants to show off." 
 "What that he can beat a bunch of kids." 
 "See, as I said, you're martial arts is useless." Said Del. "So we should learn how to use them, properly. Leo, first he wasted my time, and now I find out he's been wasting the students' time as well. He even got paid more than me, and he got promoted straight to sergeant." As Del went off on his tangent, all the students could hear him clearly, as he wasn't speaking quietly. 
 It was clear that there was jealousy involved in this, and the students were starting to think that Del was a bit unprofessional. But he was a teacher, and most of the kids did want to learn more about beast weapons themselves rather than the martial arts, so most of them let it go. 
 Apart from one student, hearing Leo's name mentioned again, had finally made him give in. 
 "Do you mind if I have a go, sir?" 
 Del's rambling had stopped, and when he looked down, he noticed that it was one of his own students, Quinn. 
 'Oh Quinn, I suppose he thinks he's a big shot now after that whole fighting event. His skills were good, and he was fast, but that was all because of the beast gear you were wearing. You will be the perfect person to prove my point.' 
 "Of course you can Quinn, but do remember, no beast gear allowed. You have to rely on your own "Martial art skills." Leo said sarcastically, trying to hammer to point to everyone else. 
 "That's fine, I won't use any equipment," Quinn replied, walking onto the stage. 
 'Del, I've been wanting to do this to you for a long time.' Quinn thought. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 361 A green screen 
 As the students saw Quinn walking up to the stage, they couldn't help but wonder: what was he thinking? He had done well in the fighting tournament, and his fame around the school had grown. There probably wasn't a single student who now didn't know his name due to what had happened. 
 However, there were some key differences between the tournament, and fighting now. Quinn didn't have any of his beast equipment on. People had theorised that the equipment used on the day of the event, had to be at the advanced level or higher. This was the only explanation they could come up with as to how Quinn was able to move so fast and why his attacks were so powerful. After all, he had defeated the multipliers clones in one strike. Something that hadn't happened before Quinn's fight. 
 The rumours were that in exchange for selling the ability book to the original family, he had received credits in return and this was how he was able to purchase such equipment. Of course, Quinn's equipment on the day wasn't at the king tier or advanced level. At the time he was simply using intermediate tier equipment. The speed and power he displayed were down to him. 
 The other difference was, in the beast class, most of the time, they weren't allowed to use their abilities. Especially as first-year students and right now, it was the case as well. They could only guess that the reason the Multiplier was defeated was due to Quinn's ability. When the dome was created and the words spoken by the Multiplier. "Hands." 
 The hands that were used at the event couldn't be used here, so the student's didn't have much hope for him successfully hitting Del. 
 Although, many of them wanted to see Del lose, after his arrogant act. 
 A large smile appeared on Del's face while looking at Quinn standing opposite him. The same thoughts that were running through the student's heads were the exact same thought that he had as well. 
 "Come on, let's get started!" Del said. 
 Quinn moved in, but not as fast as he did at the tournament, too many people were watching so he couldn't use his full speed. If he could, the match wouldn't have lasted long at all, but if his attack was going to be blocked anyway, he could rely on his strength. 
 As he got in range, he drew back his fist and threw it out. No special techniques were used, and to everyone, it just looked like a regular punch coming from below. The shield was placed in the perfect position, so Quinn's fist would hit the centre and… 
 *BANG 
 The sound of the fist hitting the shield was heard throughout, the students started to look away as they imagined the pain Quinn must have been feeling right now. When one would see their fist was going to be blocked by a shield, they would usually draw back their power, or not attack at all for fear of hurting themselves, but Quinn didn't one bit. 
 When moving his hand to perform another punch, a bloody mark could be seen left on the shield. Del quickly moved the shield in place again, blocking the attack from his right side, and again, a large sound was heard. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Intermediate tier (currently advanced tier)] 
 [Durability 96 percent] 
 The shield was stronger then Quinn thought. It was at the intermediate tier level, but he never thought Del would be so shameless to be using his ability to strengthen his shield. Even with his full strength behind his attacks, it was only damaging the shield by two percent. 
 With his bloody hands, Quinn continued to punch the shield at full strength, and Del blocked each one, with a smirk behind it, unaware that his favourite weapon was slowly starting to crumble away. 
 [Durability 60 percent] 
 Eventually, Quinn had stopped. Any further than this and cracks might start appearing in the shield, and Del and the students would get suspicious. 
 "You want to stop?" Del said, looking at his bloody hands. "What a stubborn child, all you did was give my shield a new paint job." 
 Quinn was done playing around, and it was time to finish the fight. 
 'If you are using your ability, then I'll just use mine.' Quinn said. 
 Seeing Quinn was throwing a hook to the right side of his head, Del moved his shield to his side in a position to block the punch. He was then waiting for the usual clang to be heard, before predicting the next blow, But the clang never game and instead a fist was coming right for his face. 
 'What, I was sure I saw him throw a hook to the right?' 
 It was too late. The bloody fist dug into Del's face, and as his head flew backwards through the air, two of his front teeth could be seen dangling holding onto his gums. His whole face was bloody, and it was hard to tell if it was Quinn's blood or Del's. 
 A clanging sound was heard as the shield had dropped to the floor, and soon after Del did as well... 
 "Hey, the teacher…he's not getting up." 
 "Does this mean the class is over?" 
 "Not just that, Quinn hit a teacher, won't he get in trouble for this?" 
 "I don't know, it was the whole point of the exercise, right?" 
 "What I don't understand is, Del was blocking perfectly up to that point, and it was clear a punch was being thrown straight at him, so why did he move the shield to the side?" 
 The answer was one only Quinn knew. People like Del had weak minds, and Quinn was confident of that. Before throwing out his last punch, he had looked Del in the eye, and performed a phantom punch to the right side, before delivering the real punch to his face. 
 The students waited for Del to come too before doing anything and when he finally did, of course, Del was furious. 
 "Geth that Cursedeed Chilth out of here!!" Del shouted, although the words sounded a little strange due to his front two teeth being removed. 
 Ha was kicked out of the class and had to go see Nate. Later on, an investigation was called, but no punishment was received for Quinn. 
 The students had explained what had happened, and they decided that Quinn was not at fault. 
 Fighting Del wasn't entirely useless for Quinn. What it had shown him was the strength of better equipment. With his exp gaining capabilities being slow at the moment, it would be a long time until he reached level twenty. Not only that, but he was still weening himself of the blood. 
 Using the advanced tier crystals that had been given to him by Leo, he could look for a good forger around the school. This might take a while, but he had a few ideas on how he would do this. 
 Before that, there was one more thing he wanted to do. After selecting the Shadow eater skill, he felt a little disheartened. He still had no clue what it did, and the system didn't seem to know either. However, he still had thirty skill points to be used, so there was a chance for him to unlock a new skill. 
 Over the next few days, Quinn had unlocked one of the shadow skills, and unlike with the shadow eater he was greatly pleased. He would switch between going on to the private servers to practice using it, and going onto the military servers to gain exp points. 
 After the incident with Del, the beast classes were a lot more different as well. His face had fully healed thanks to Hayley, but he no longer tried to cause trouble for Quinn, or show off to the other students. Instead, he just stuck to the scheduled lessons that were meant to take place. 
 Quinn, still hadn't gotten his new equipment made yet, but he had planned to put that into motion very soon. 
 As the days continued to go past, it looked like summer would soon be upon them. However, in a certain individual's room on their computer, the screen was flashing. It continued to flash in a green colour and on it, a sequence of numbers were displayed. 
 The portal device in Logan's room... had finally been unlocked. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 362 The Agent exams 
 Her mind was split on figuring out just what to do, but now it was already too late. James had entered her for the agent exam, and they had finally arrived, where Erin would have to take the test. 
 She had been struggling with herself about what the right or wrong thing to do was, and the reason for this was Layla. At some point, she was hoping Layla would eventually return to the Pure base, where she was hoping she would have the answers to the many questions Erin faced while being at here. There were just things that didn't quite make sense to her. 
 She had taken note to not do anything serious and just comply for now while looking at what was happening to her surroundings. She found that other students had the same questions as her, and those that did and brought it up, or expressed there whish to leave Pure. Would be taken away and had come back a few days later no longer having those questions in thier minds. 
 It was a facade, they told everyone they were free to leave when they wanted, but when if they tried, they would be reeducated and always come back. 
 But ultimately, most people at Pure were like her. They had no place to go, and Pure had become their home, their safe place where they knew they could survive. It felt like they had a debt to be owed. 
 'If they are fighting for freedom and equality, why are they so intent on keeping us all inside, locked away. I'd rather be out there doing what I want in danger of others then stay here. At least that's my own decision.' 
 Erin did not feel the same way as the others. Now that she knew Layla had broken off communication with Pure, there must have been a reason for it. 
 'Did something happen to her?' This was where her dilemma kicked in. The only people that were allowed to leave the Pure base, where Agents. 
 Numbered agents were those who worked outside of the base. The others would only be called upon when a big operation was taking place. And with not knowing where she was or how to get out of the base, it seemed like becoming an agent was her only way of finding out what was happening on the outside. 
 Knowing that she was unable to get her way out through complaining or asking, she worked her hardest learning what she could from them. 
 The test had started, and right now she was sitting at a single desk in a room with eight other people, including Bart, who she had a tough time sparing with the other day. 
 The exam had started with a bunch of multiple-choice questions, there were answers she wanted to put down and the answers they wanted, but she continued on putting on her own facade of being obedient. 
 The next test, several objects were placed in front of them, some of them Erin recognised from the military academy. They were to assemble and reassemble the components of equipment removing any trackers, recorders and so on. When putting them back together, they would be scored based on time and how well the piece looked when being placed back together. 
 After that test, there was another, a recording was played. The recording had several conversations going on at once. After the recording was finished, questions would be asked about a specific discussion. It was hard as they needed to listen to all of the conversation going on at the same time, and only extract the useful information. 
 With everything complete, it seemed like the test was over. Erin thought she had done pretty well, as she was most of the time, the first one to finish out of the lot. She tried her hardest at each one of the tasks and the others watching noticed it too. 
 Inside the room, there was a female examiner, and watching at the back, where four high numbered teachers. 
 This includes James, number 15, then the other teachers, 16, 17, and 18. They too had noticed how determined and focused Erin looked while completing her tasks, and they saw this as hunger to go up in their society. 
 However, although she was determined to become a number, it wasn't for the reason they thought. 
 "Okay, so with that, the first part of the test is done. We will reveal your scores at the end of the test. If you could, please follow your teachers and me to the next room." 
 They followed the examiner around the strange metallic base. She had yet to see a single window in the whole building, making it hard for her to tell where they were. Eventually, they entered a strange looking square room. The room was large in size but what was odd about it was the flooring in the room. 
 Around the edges of the room, the flooring was standard, but towards the centre, there were strange small holes in a square section of the floor. The square areas were one square meter in size. 
 "This is the next part of your exam." The examiner said as she pressed a button on her remote control. 
 As soon as the button was pressed, from the holes behind her, flames had erupted into the air like little jets before quickly going back down. On each of the square pieces, the fire would erupt for a second before diminishing again. This wouldn't happen on all of the tiles at the same time. However, it seemed like the pattern of where and when the flames would erupt was random. 
 "The goal is to get to the other side of the room safely. All eight of you will be going at the same time, you are free to sabotage and hit the other person, as to stop them from crossing. Still, do bear in mind, you will have more important things to worry about." As the female examiner said that, the tile directly behind her erupted into flames before going back down once again. 
 'This is crazy!' Erin thought, and it looked like the other students thought the same thing as they looked at each other. 
 If they were in the military academy, Erin wouldn't be worried so much. The flame from the tiles would have been painful, but with the doctor there using her ability, they would have been healed. But here, in the Pure base, they had no doctor that had a healing ability. 
 It was very rare for Pure members to even have an ability. All they had was a standard doctor, and at best, he could cool down the burns, but one would be covered in burn markings until they could leave this place. 
 Seeing the concerned look on the other's faces, the examiner felt like she needed to mention something. "Do remember, you do not have to partake in the assessment. We still have your scores from the exams before. And just because you do take this, does not mean one will make it to the other side successfully." 
 The other students started to look at each other until, eventually, one of them raised their hand. "I'm sorry, but I can't do it… I would like to drop out of this part of the exam." The student said. 
 "Very well." The examiner replied. 
 After the first student had dropped out, many followed. It was expected, the flames continued to go off behind the examiner and even Erin, trying to find a pattern of which tiles to jump on at the right time, couldn't find one. It was simply too dangerous. 
 The only ones that hadn't replied yet, were both Erin and Bart. 
 Looking at the tiles one more time, Erin thought, there was a chance her reactions would be fast enough, and maybe she could do it. It was risky, but she wanted to get out of here. 
 "I'll do it," Erin said. 
 Soon after Erin declared that she would take part. Bart's mind was made up as well. 
 "I'll do it as well." Bart looked at Erin. "I can't have you beat me again." 
 The examiner then walked up to the two students with a smile on her face and placed her hand on both of their shoulders. 
 "Well, it looks like we have our two agents. Congratulations, you passed and have successfully become a numbered." 
 "What!" Another student shouted from the side. "What do you mean!" 
 "As I said, these two pass the test." The examiner replied. "The most important thing for a numbered agent is courage. There will be times when we ask you to do things you aren't comfortable with, out on the field. Perhaps far worse than this. We need people who are willing." 
 "So you're saying you were never going to make us do this in the first place?" The student complained again. 
 The others continued, to moan and groan but knew it was pointless. They had already made their decision. 
 However, Erin felt like the words spoken by the examiner were not truthful at all. If they really never intended for people to take the test, then why was the room built in the first place. And if they had all said yes to taking the test, would they have made them not take it? 
 It seemed like a convenient outcome had just come to them at the time. 
 With the two agents selected, a few days had passed and eventually, both Erin and Bart were awarded their numbers. Erin was given the number agent 99, while Bart was given Agent 100. 
 They were now in the middle of a briefing in a small office space. The perosn speaking to them was the same examiner as before. She began to explain what their duties and tasks would be, as well as handing them standard equipment that every agent carried in a small little suitcase. 
 "Now that everything has been explained to both of you, it's time to tell you where you will be based." Said the examiner. "Now this may or may not be your permanent post, and agents can be told to move at any time, and there will be times where we call you back to the base. So please remember to keep in contact at all times. 
 "First, Agent 100, you will be travelling to the planet Holden, you will be going with Agent 17 for the first month. They will help you with your tasks and explain what to do, shortly after you will be left to your own devices, but there will be a weekly report due. As well as a monthly check-up, from a high number until a year has passed." 
 This was finally Erin's time to go outside. Unlike Layla, she wouldn't be posted at a military school. Her face was known, and she had an ability. 
 "You will be heading to the planet, Latrina with James agent 15." 
 'Latrina?' 
 Planet Latrina wasn't just any planet. It was the planet that she and James had first met on, and also was where her watch was thrown off on the cliffside. 
 'If I get the watch back, maybe I can contact the others again.' 
 A new hope was suddenly lighted inside of Erin. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 363 Eyes everywhere 
 On planet Latrina at the beautiful cliffside that overlooked the blue river and shelter, a portal had opened up near the base of the cliff. Out from the portal came Erin first, and next after her was James. The two of them were wearing what everyday Travelers would wear. Which tended to be a mismatch of beast equipment. 
 It would give people no reason to suspect them for carrying weapons and at the same time, not make them associated with any group. Erin had been given a basic tier beast armour to cover her whole body. Most of it was in some beige type colour, and one could tell from a look it wasn't cut or crafted well. As if she had been given leftovers off someone's dead body. 
 The more she started to think about it, the more it made her worry that it might have actually been leftovers from one of their dead agents. She couldn't help but stare at an oddly faint red marking that wouldn't go away no matter how much she rubbed at it. 
 However, if she was to kill or defeat beasts while out on the field, she could use that to improve her own equipment. Or each time she ranked up to a different number, she would also be given a hefty bonus in credits. 
 As soon as the two stepped out of the portal, Erin started to look at the top of the clifftop. It was where they had last left, and where James had thrown her watch. 
 "Do you mind if I go up there and check the view?" Erin asked. "It's been a long time since I've been out of that base." 
 "Sure," James said. "I'll go with you." 
 She was hoping James wouldn't have replied like that, but at least she was able to go to the clifftop. As she moved, she noticed James stayed a few feet behind her and it never seemed to change, she slowed down her pace going up, and he slowed down his, if she sped up hers, he sped up his as well. 
 Due to her training at the base, it was clearly apparent he was tracking her. The two of them had finally reached the top, and with him around it would be hard to look clearly through the grass to see if she could find the watch, but she slowed down her stride and did just that. 
 Her field of vision, and her ability to spot things had gotten better, she hated to say it, but it was because of Pure. This was all part of their training, but no matter how hard she looked, she couldn't see it at all. 
 'I guess there was a chance it was taken away by one of those flying beasts in the end. Just my luck.' 
 As she looked over the cliff top and looked out at the beautiful view, she let out a big sigh. "James, are you always going to be following me this closely?" She asked. 
 "I thought you would notice, and yes." He replied. "Do you not remember, it will be like this for a month. I need to bring you up to speed, and a lot of our agents try escaping in the first month and let me tell you something. Not one has succeeded." 
 It seemed like there was no reason for James to say those last words, but he had probably already figured out why Erin had chosen to come up here and was trying to give her a warning. 
 James felt like Erin could go far in the organisation if she just could cut her ties with the rest of the world, and see the future ahead like the rest of them. But the one driving factor in Erin's mind that made her disagree with everything Pure had shown her, was that she wanted to get stronger. 
 And to be the strongest one could be, they needed abilities on top of everything else. In Pure's mind, there would be a world with no conflict, so there is no need for power, but Erin could never imagine that happening, even if powers were taken away. So she wanted to be the strongest she could be to protect everyone. The problem she felt with the world right now, was the ones with the strongest powers did nothing, and there wasn't one person who was supreme over all the others. 
 If there ever came the chance where one person would be stronger than all the others without question and also did things the right way, then the world could change for the better. If she couldn't find that person, then she had to become that person. 
 "So, what exactly are our duties here again?" Erin asked. 
 "It's actually quite simple for the most part, it's just to act like a normal Traveler while gathering information and news. Keep up to date with what is going on, on this planet." James explained. "You see, we have agents deployed on every shelter on every planet. As well as in other places. They all report back to the base. This allows them to get a big picture of what is going on and how things are moving. Even though we have fewer people then the military, our information gathering and our eyes are just as good. 
 "Sometimes, when you have too many people in a charge, it actually gets harder to do things." 
 "You have people on every planet and shelter?" Erin said, shocked, knowing they also had agents in the military basis. 
 "Well there is one exception, and that's red portal planets. With no military presence there and at risk of losing our talented agents, we see no point to send anyone there. Although you may get the very top single agents on those planets from time to time. Since those are the only ones strong enough to survive in a place like that." 
 The two started to head down from the clifftop towards the shelter. They would need to look for accommodation they could pay to stay while there and set up all of their equipment. Everything would be covered by Pure. It made Erin wonder how they managed to get such money in the first place, to create a base and pay for all these operations. 
 The only thing she could think of was with what James had mentioned earlier. Maybe that's why she hardly ever saw the high single number digits around the base apart from agent five. It seemed like five was always in charge of the base, because the others were never there and as for number one. The person rumoured to have a Demon tiered weapon. She had never even seen him once since she had joined. 
 Once entering the shelter, it seemed easier than others to find accommodation and all sorts. The people who were running the place seemed to be happy that Travelers had decided to stay. They were even given jobs on the spot, to protect the shelter as a part of a shift duty once a week. 
 When looking around, Erin noticed there were quite a few Travellers who seemed to be working as guards. It seemed a bit strange to have this many people protecting this one peaceful shelter. Technically this planet was classified as a green planet. The highest level of beasts that would be seen here were intermediate tiers. So why so many guards? 
 The two of them had entered a nice-sized apartment. It had a large living room that doubled up as a kitchen area, and then two separate rooms with a bathroom each. It was definitely more cosy than her living quarters at the Pure base or the military base. 
 The two of them after unpacking their belongings did the standard checks in the room. Sensors were set up by the door, secret cameras were placed in the corners of the room, and they themselves checked if there was anything wrong with the place. After everything was done, the two of them sat down on the table together. 
 "Okay, let's see how well you've done so far," James said. "What did you notice about the place?" 
 "This place is quiet, really quiet and all the people look happy. It's as if the shelter has never experienced an attack before. Yet, for some reason, there's an absurd amount of guards all over the outside of the shelter. It's as if, if they're hiding something, or protecting something." 
 "Good," James replied. "When I first came here, I noticed the same thing too. So I decided to do a little digging, however, even for us, it was hard to find out who was funding everything. The only information we could get was the shelter was being privately financed. A shelter not protected by the big four or the families, or by the military. There aren't many people in the world who would be rich or powerful enough to look after a single shelter like this, so that narrows our suspects down a little. 
 "But just like you, it does seem strange, and our task is to find out who and why they need to do this. My research tells me there's a dojo that had just been finished being built not too long ago. Apparently, there's a crazy young person. He's the only one that lives there. If anyone tries to get close, he tells them to go away. This will be our starting point." 
 At the same time, in that very same dojo. Leo was meditating in the main hall. He sat down on the floor, crossed legged with his eyes closed. The pains and urges in his body had gotten stronger, and he was trying his best to suppress it. He knew how to get rid of it instantly, the answer was to consume blood. 
 But Leo was trying to look for a different answer. Quinn had told him that some vampires had managed to eventually wean off blood completely. That he himself had become addicted and was in the middle of the process of trying to be less reliant on blood. 
 This gave Leo an idea, perhaps there was a way of using his Ki. He would be able to suppress hunger and stop his body from feeling what it was feeling. So far every day, when getting such pains, using his Ki seemed to work in suppressing it. However, if he used a blood skill, it would get harder the next day. 
 It looked like if he wanted to use the blood powers, there was no way of avoiding consuming blood, but if he just wanted the other advantages, such as increased strength, and speed. The suppression of Ki was enough. So he wouldn't have to consume blood on a two-day basis, as Quinn had first suggested. 
 It was a good result. 
 "Sir!" The young man said, rushing in. Luckily, Leo had just finished meditating. Otherwise, the interruption would have made him start the whole process again. It wasn't a quick one, as it would take about an hour to make the hunger go away. 
 "Oh sorry," the young man said as he saw Leo sitting on the floor as he entered the room. "You know, you haven't been here that long, and I'm not used to this, I'm used to having the whole place to myself, relaxing and.." 
 "Please, what is it?" Leo said, interrupting him. 
 "Oh right, it's about those two people I said I saw a few months ago. Well, there's been reports that there back." 
 Leo, started to think about the watch he had found at the clifftop, that was currently in his room. If it really did belong to Erin, he wondered what they were doing back here. 
 "Maybe, I should go see what they're up to," Leo said. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 364 I smell Blood 
 Although the Travellers and Shelter Officials didn't know who they worked for, they knew who to report to. And that was a young man who went by the name of Taz. He had been there since the shelter had started and was in charge of distributing the funds and assigning roles to everyone. 
 Of course, as time went on, Taz was left with fewer things to do as he delegated the roles and the shelter grew, but still, everyone in the shelter knew about Taz. 
 It even left the others who were there form the start to claim this was all his doing, even though he insisted he wasn't the one supporting them at all. They still had a sneaky suspicion it might have been him, so they treated him like some mayor of the shelter. 
 Because of this, it was easier for Taz to request specific items and to get what he wanted. All information would eventually pass through his ears. 
 A special request had been made, to inform him of all new people entering and leaving the shelter and he had been told immediately. After passing on the information to Leo, he wanted to start his search for the two. As he saw Leo leave again through the two big red doors, he began to remember how great that man was. 
 'You do so much for everyone, and nobody knows it's even you. You still haven't changed since the day you saved my life on the battlefield. I will always be loyal to you.' Taz had extreme loyalty because when he was just a young soldier, his life was once saved by Leo. If it weren't for him, he probably would have never got to come back home alive. 
 He and Leo were both privates at the time, so when he heard he was going to become a sergeant, Taz thought it was well deserved and wanted to help make his life more comfortable at any cost. 
 As Leo began his walk outside, he didn't really know where to go, only that they would be in the shelter. Although he could remember Erin's aura quite well since she used to be in his beast class and was one of the best students compared to the others. Surprisingly though, it didn't take as long as Leo thought it would too find them. 
 A little away from the Dojo, just down one of the streets to the central Plaza of the shelter, He could see two people walking his way, and one of them was Erin. The two continued to walk, but Leo made sure not to say anything. The instant she had seen him, he could hear her heart beating rapidly. 
 On top of her not saying anything, and doing her best to carry on, it all felt a little weird. 
 'Something's wrong, and I have a feeling it's to do with the person behind her.' Leo thought. 
 The two of them didn't do anything and Erin, who carried on walking as if she didn't know who Leo was. 
 'What's he doing here?' She thought., 'Shouldn't he still be at the military base, has the school come here on an expedition, but the timelines don't add up. It doesn't make any sense.' 
 She started to think of why Leo could possibly be here, but she had no clue. However, she did know he knew the others quite well, well enough to keep their secret since he also helped her escape from the military base in the first place. 
 If he was able to help her back then, maybe there was a chance he could help him now. 
 James was still following her but from a distance away as he usually did, while Leo was doing well to keep up his act of slowly walking completely blind. 
 One look of his eyes and people could usuelly tell he wasn't faking. 
 As the two of them passed each other, Erin whispered as quietly as she could. 
 "I need your help; the man behind me is with Pure. They have agents on every corner." She quickly said, even though the time they passed each other was short, she continued to whisper. Knowing that Leo hearing was better than others, she hoped he could still hear her, "I don't know where to go, I can't go to the military base, but if you can get me somewhere safe, I can stay in hiding until everything settles down. Please, if you can, help me." 
 She didn't know how much he had heard, and she felt guilty asking for his help after he had done so much for her before. But as soon as she saw Leo, images of Layla, and the others had popped into her head. It seemed like she missed them more than she had thought. Her pride would no longer get in her way like before. She would willingly take all the help she could get. 
 What Layla didn't know was, Leo's hearing wasn't just good, it was excellent. The abilities of a vampire had significantly increased his senses, and he had managed to hear everything. 
 Still, he didn't fail to notice the direction the two were heading; the Dojo. It was secluded from the rest of the shelter. Although people often went walking down this route, now knowing what organisation they belonged to, he had a feeling they might be looking into him. 
 Continuing his journey into town, Leo started to think of the possibilities of how he could help out Erin. 
 The two had finally arrived outside the Dojo and were standing by the two large doors. 
 "So what are we going to do now, you said the young guy never lets anyone in, right? And I don't think asking him who owns this place is going to work." Erin said. 
 James put his hand into a side bag that he had on with him this whole time. Erin wondered why he had been carrying it, she also remembered she saw he had packed something she didn't like seeing being put in there. 
 He then handed her a balaclava, to place over her head, while putting one on his own. 
 "What are you doing?" She said, looking around. "You can't be serious." 
 "Don't worry," James replied. "I have checked the place before for cameras, I've already snuck in beforehand. However, to be safe, this has always needed to be a two-person operation. The only person in there is the young man who people call Taz. He seemed to be well respected in this town, so no one must see us doing this. We will both go inside, and then I need you to stay on the lookout.�� 
 "Wait," Erin said, grabbing Jame's arm, which he quickly lifted to throw her hand off his. It was the first time the two of them had actually made physical contact since the base. 
 "Erin, don't!" James said in a stern voice, as he took the balaclava out of her hands and forced it on top of her head for her. This was a reminder to her that James wasn't a good person. When they had first met, he had been rough, but in the base and now recently he had been a little nicer which made Erin forget about the past. 
 But now she remembered, he was a high ranking member of Pure, all the training that people went through, he had no problem watching people suffer. "Just tell me that you're not going to do what I think you're going to do. You said to me we would just act like normal travellers and gather information. Why has this become so important?" 
 "It's a request," James replied. "From above, I don't know why, but after I reported to them the location of the Dojo and where it was built, they wanted us to find out who was behind it all, and we're doing it now. No one will know it was us, and after this is done, we can go onto pretending to be travellers." 
 After saying that, James swiftly Jumped and started to scale up the wall, he was done explaining, and she had no choice but to follow. After scaling the wall, it seemed like James had already known the young man's daily routine and the most likely places he would be. At this time, he would be cleaning the main dojo hall. 
 From the top of the wall, they could see the place was quite large. There was the wall they were on, which was in a square shape. It had a path that allowed one to walk all the way around, and then there was the centre dojo, as well as other buildings behind it off to the side. The flooring was white in colour as if made of some type of pebbles. It was a strange thing to have such flooring since it indeed would have made too much noise. 
 When looking at it, Erin started to think. 'Wait, didn't Leo come from this direction. Don't tell me this place belongs to Leo!?' After asking for his help, and what the two of them were planning to do, she didn't know whether Leo would help her after this. 
 James, leapt from the building wall, and nearly covered the whole distance, and made it to the centre. As he landed, he signalled Erin to follow after. 
 'Huh, did I hear something from outside' Taz thought as he got his towel off from the floor. It was cleaning duty for him today, and he wanted to make the place spotless for Leo when he came back. Even if he couldn't see his hard work, he knew he would appreciate it. 
 Just, as he was about to check it out, the sliding doors opened, and a man wearing a balaclava came running out to him. The door was swiftly shut from behind, and Erin stood outside as the watch guard. 
 The man's hand was firmly over Taz's mouth, and he had already swiftly cuffed his two hands behind his back. All the actions had only taken a few seconds. "Now, I'm going to ask you some questions, and I want you to answer them honestly, otherwise…." From his side bag from earlier, James had brought out a toolbox, full of different sharp objects. 
 "Who has been funding the shelter? I know you are Taz, you're the only person who would know everything going on here, and my guess is they have something to do with this place. You were nothing but a private when you left the military. There is no way you could afford to live in a place like this or get a position here. So tell me now!" 
 Removing his hand from Taz's mouth, James had thought that would be enough; just the threat was often enough for people to give in. In reality, torture didn't work. People were scared beings, and they would just tell you what you wanted to hear, hoping to let you go. But, all he wanted was a name. 
 "Go to hell!" Taz said with a smile as he spat in Jame's face." 
 "Wrong answer." 
 While Erin stood outside waiting, she was extremely worried, she was meant to be on the lookout to see if anyone was coming, but her mind was elsewhere. Because right now, all she could hear were the muffled screams and the shouts of the man behind her. When she saw the toolbox, and what James had said before. She knew something was up. 
 'Should I stop it, but he's too strong. I'm still weak.' Erin said as tears ran down her face and how she was doing this to the person who had helped her before. 
 A few minutes had passed, and the muffled noises had continued, then finally, Erin couldn't take it anymore and fell to her knees. At the same time, when she looked in front of her, the red doors had opened and in came Leo, it looked like her guess was right. However, a look she had never seen before was on his face. 
 "I'm sorry," Erin said with tears rolling down her. 
 "I smell blood!" Leo said. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 365 Blooded Sword 
 After Leo had gone past Erin and the mysterious man, he wanted to give enough time for them to do what they wanted to do. He had no business with Pure, or at least he thought he had no business with Pure. So he gathered that perhaps they were just curious about the newly built Dojo or who was running the shelter. 
 Maybe, they were even going to Taz to try to recruit him over to the Pure's side. Still, just in case, Leo decided he would circle around and come from a different direction and would do some spying of his own. Doing a short wrap around in a circle back around to his place wouldn't take long. 
 But when he started to walk from the other side, a sweet smell had entered his nose, a scent so strong that it felt like a strongly scented flower was placed right in front of his nose. He had never smelt such a thing before. Then, the pains in his stomach had returned. These were enough clues for him to figure out what it was. It was blood... 
 He immediately started to dash forward, and the smell had grown stronger as he got closer. When he stood in front of the red doors, he instantly knew where it was coming from. He didn't even need to use his ability to see, as the strong smell was leading him all the way there. 
 As he quickly kicked open the doors, he heard Erin crying, but didn't care for that right now. 
 Erin, one second suddenly saw Leo in front of her through her watery eyes, then the next it felt like a gust of wind had passed her face as her hair flicked back. When she looked in front, no one was there. 
 From outside, Erin had heard a loud crash that sounded like an explosion had gone off, and then shortly after, there was another one. Turning her head, all she could see was a large hole had been made in the Dojo, and further down the line, dust and debris could be seen from the outer wall. 
 When Leo had entered the Dojo, he was focused on one thing only. Not even allowing a single millisecond to pass, Leo didn't draw the sword from his scabbard and just hit the large man in front of him with his full strength. 
 Quickly rushing into the Dojo room, Erin could see Leo standing above a man who laid there on the floor. His teeth were missing, his fingernails were bloody, and one of his ears had been cut off. 
 The man slowly opened up his swollen eyes to see Leo standing above him. 
 "Sir…r.r.r" Taz said in a shaky voice. His mouth and lips were busted and swollen, making it hard for him to speak. He went to try to grab onto Leo to pull himself up, but then realizing his hands were covered in blood, he refused to ruin Leo's clothes. He quickly pulled his hand away and tried to push himself off the floor, but it was useless. 
 "I…I..I. Promise.." Taz stuttered. "I..I.. did…did..not tell..them ..anything." With that, Taz had finally collapsed onto the floor. 
 "ERIN!" Leo shouted, "Take this man to the medical centre, quickly." Leo then drew his blade from his sheath, the wave-like pattern shined in the sunlgiht. 
 "You wanted me to help you correct. Then I will get rid of the problem." 
 Erin was frozen for a second; she didn't know what to do and never thought things would escalate so quickly. 
 'If it's a choice out of believing in Leo, or believing in Pure.' She thought as she clenched her fist. 
 "Then, I will believe in you, Leo!" She shouted as she quickly picked up Taz from the ground with all her strength and ran out of the place. 
 "Now, the distraction is out of the way. I can deal with you." Leo said. 
 There were two reasons Leo had asked for Erin to leave with Taz; the first was even though Taz looked severely injured and was passed out, he still wasn't dead as a heartbeat could still be heard. The second reason was that it took a lot of energy to fight the urge he had inside him. Something was pulling him towards Taz's body, and it wasn't his usual self. 
 Leo hated not being in control and would have to consider this for the future if he would go for a prolonged amount of time without blood. 
 James started to lift himself from the debris; part of the Dojo wall and the outer wall had fallen on him. It was a strong blow, and it felt like a cannonball had come out and hit him from his side, but his strong King Tier levelled armour had protected him well, as there wasn't a mark on him. 
 "Who the hell are you?" James said as he started to lift the sword from his back, but he could see a broad line of blue aura coming out towards him. Quickly, using all of his strength, he channelled it, lifting out his sword and managed to knock the strike away. 
 Soon after, more started to come his way, and James needed to concentrate, using every bit of his power in knocking them away. 
 'Isn't this…but how does he know…?' James thought. 
 He knew blocking them wasn't going to be enough, and he would have to strike back. Stepping to the side and running along the edge, he decided to block some and allow his opponent to hit him. He had strong armour so he could rely on it and go on like this for some time. But then, one of the strikes had hit him in the chest. Once again the force form the blow had sent him back, crashing into the wall. 
 When looking down at his chest, a large dent could be seen. Something that had never happened before. His King Tier armour had been damaged. 
 'Who is this guy...He is also using that...' James had made a miscalculation. He was unaware that Leo had actually attacked him with the first attack while the blade was still in its scabbard. Now that it was out, it was a lot sharper than before. 
 'If I were to meet his sword head-on, I would be dead right now.' 
 With nothing else to lose, he had no choice. The air blade strikes continued to come forward. Instead of blocking them, he started to charge up the energy inside him. 
 Of course, through Leo's ability, he could see everything that was happening inside James's body. The energy was rising from his belly and was being transferred out sword to the sword. Then when James went for a swing of his own, a blade of blue aura, a bit larger, had come out and had utterly destroyed all of his. 
 As he left the Dojo, a strange feeling overcame over Leo. It was the first time James was seeing his attacker clearly. 
 'That's the blind man from before, is he the attacker?' 
 "Tell me!" Leo shouted. "Tell me now, how do you know how to use Qi?" 
 The words spoken by the blind man had only confirmed Jame's own thoughts. He had been using Qi this whole time. This was a skill that was taught to all the agents that went from Rank 6 to 20. A secret that was not to be passed on, and at the same time, a reward for those who were trusted enough. 
 But this blind man in front of him, James had never seen before. Instead of answering his questions, James decided to respond with another large slash of his own. 
 The Qi attack was more powerful than Leo's due to the extra support from his weapon. His weapon was larger and focused more on power, while Leo's focused on speed and sharpness. Against well-armoured beasts, he would find it difficult, whereas Leo would have an easier time. 
 But Leo was a little unprepared, for he had none of his gear on, he had never expected an attack this soon while at home, and had only his blade was with him. 
 Seeing the large slash coming towards him, Leo didn't want to run away. The sight of Taz was still fresh in his mind. He placed his sword back in the sheath and started to concentrate his Qi, but not only this, he was adding something a little special to this attack this time. 
 As the attack drew close, he still hadn't moved. James was carefully keeping his eyes on the blind man, waiting for him to move or throw his next attack, knowing he needed to keep his distance. 
 Just as the large Qi strike was upon him, Leo unleashed his sword from his sheath at an amazing speed, and a Qi attack of his own came out. Still the same size as the previous ones, only this one was different. It was dyed in the red-blooded colour. As soon as it touched the large Qi source, it completely destroyed the attack, but something unexpected had happened after. 
 When James tried to look to dodge the Qi attack, he could see nothing, then slowly, his vision started to slant, until he could finally see the floor. Blood began to soak the floor where he stood, as his body was clearly cut in half. 
 The blooded slash was more powerful and faster than Leo had thought, like a lightning bolt as soon as it left its sheath, it had killed James. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 366 Master's revenge 
 The attack itself seemed to have been far stronger than Leo had anticipated. When practising the blood slash before, he had never performed it as a quick slash while enforcing his Qi, and this was the result. 
 The original plan was just to create a force that was equal to James's attack. He would run and follow close behind and have cut him personally down with his katana blade. 
 'I didn't want to kill him…There were questions to ask and answers I still needed.' Leo thought as he walked over to the body. There was still hope that there might have been something on him that would be of use. 
 On his way there, he noticed the white pebble flooring had a huge grove that had been created all along the floor. He still didn't know his own power and had a lot to learn. However, something else was happening; as he got closer to the blood and the torn body, the pain in his body was increasing exponentially. 
 The fight had taken quite a bit of Qi out of him, and he had performed a blood attack. Right now, he didn't have enough Qi to suppress his hunger. The veins on his arms started to bulge out; he could see the purple flames in his body rapidly going into the centre of his body. 
 Now the body was only a few feet away, but he could feel his conscious slipping. 
 'Is this what Quinn warned me about? If I don't consume blood, I'll turn into a monster. I..just..need..to make it.' 
 Erin had successfully brought Taz to the nearby medical centre. There were travellers there who had healing abilities and doctors, so they were equipped more than enough. Due to there not being many cases of people getting hurt, she was able to see someone straight away. 
 The staff immediately knew who it was when they saw Taz on her back and didn't ask for payment of any type, directly getting to work. After a few moments, a staff member had come out to inform Erin that he would be okay. Although the wounds on his body looked terrible and he had lost quite a lot of blood, his life was actually in no immediate danger. 
 A good overnights rest would be enough. 
 'As I would expect from a Pure agent.' Erin thought. The torture had gone on for longer than a normal case would have gone for, especially for someone who wasn't trained against this type of thing. James wouldn't kill his biggest lead and continue to chip away until he got his answer. 
 After hearing Taz was okay, she was happy to leave him be and started heading back to the Dojo as fast as possible. 
 'I know Leo's strong, but the number 6 to number 20 are on a different level, and he had his King Tier beast gear on. If I'm right, I don't remember seeing Leo wearing any protective gear. I hope Leo can hold on, I won't be much help, but maybe with the two of us we can take him on together.' 
 The red doors were just up ahead, and she was too focused to even notice that there wasn't a single sound. As she walked in through the doors, finally, she had noticed that she couldn't hear anything, at least not the sound of fighting. Looking at the destruction and devastation, several pebbles were moved, and large cuts could be seen all over the different buildings. It looked like a fight between two strong beasts had taken place here, not two humans. 
 Then following one of the bigger cuts with her eyes across the floor, it eventually led her to the wall just by her side. There she could see Leo's back standing in front of James' body that had been split diagonally in half. 
 'He killed him! But how. I know Leo was strong due to the rumours surrounding him during the war, but I never knew he was this strong.' She started to inspect the bloody body closely. By now, she had seen a few dead bodies, and the training video that Pure had made them watch had allowed her to become desensitised to such a sight. She could see that a cut had been made so clean that it was able to tear right through the armour. 
 'Still, I don't understand. I'm sure I checked his weapon, and it was only at the King Tier? A King Tier weapon and armour should mostly be even unless there is a huge amount of difference in strength. It can't be at the legendary level, can it?' 
 Having realised that James, the agent who was tasked with looking after her was dead, she realised she had bigger things to worry about than whether or not Leo's weapon was legendary or King Tier. 
 "Are you okay?" She asked. 
 At that moment, Leo turned around, and seeing his face, she took two steps back. 
 "Don't be scared; it's me," Leo said, sensing the change in her heartbeat. 
 "Your mouth!" She pointed. 
 Around Leo's mouth, there was the blood of his victim painted all over. As Leo went to wipe it away with his sleeve, he only managed to smudge it more. "Sorry, when one can not see clearly, sometimes it gets a little messy." 
 Hearing this, something just clicked inside her head. The thing around Leo's mouth had to be blood, and after leaving the base, she had thought about them many times with Quinn along with Peter's situation. 
 "Leo, are you a…vampire." She asked. 
 A little surprised himself that Erin had said these words, but not entirely since she used to belong to Quinn's little group. 
 "A lot has happened, young lady in the time you were away. Care to lend a hand?" Leo said, pointing at James's body on the floor. 
 The two of them got to work, with Erin first closing the doors to the Dojo; shortly after, she went inside to grab some large bin bags. When she returned, she noticed that Leo, using his blade, was able to cut through James with ease and had made his body almost unrecognisable, as it looked a little similar to minced meat. 
 Although she was desensitised towards such scenes due to the countless videos she had watched, the videos couldn't correctly emulate everything, such as the smell and the feeling. It was starting to hit her a little as she felt nauseous. After placing the body in a few bags, they went to an old fashioned blacksmithing area inside the Dojo's grounds. It was quite large, and the weapons that Leo had before were now placed here. The body parts were then thrown into the hot furnace until it would burn to ashes. 
 "What happens if people find out? Aren't you going to get in trouble for this?" Erin asked, looking at the flames and smelling the body. 
 "From who? I own this place. Unless I report myself or lock myself up, nothing will happen. You don't have to worry about a thing." 
 The two of them left the furnace to allow it to carry on burning while heading back to the main Dojo hall. It didn't look the same as before, and there were still traces of Taz's blood and a large hole in the side from when James was hit. Grabbing a few towels and such, Erin started to clean up a little while also cleaning up the remaining blood on Leo's face. 
 She had offered, and Leo had accepted. He could see wireframes using his ability, but he couldn't see specific details. 
 "You're quite good at this," Leo said as he sat down on the floor. 
 "My parents used to own a dojo like this a while ago. It brought back some memories for me." Erin replied as she sat down opposite. 
 While the two of them were cleaning up, Leo had explained to her what had happened. He gathered that she already knew Quinn's truth from what she had asked, so it was safe to tell her. 
 After that, Erin had a few of her own questions she wanted to ask. 
 "Do you know what happened to Layla?" Erin asked. 
 "When I was still at the base, she was still there. I didn't even know she was a part of Pure. I don't believe anything will have happened to her in such a short amount of time." 
 It was a relief for Erin to hear that, but still, she couldn't be completely satisfied with that answer. 
 "Thank you for looking after Taz, but I'm afraid I went a little too far in my scuffle and killed your friend." 
 "He's not my friend..." Erin replied instantly. "But I do think we have a bigger problem. Pure members are to report back to the base every week. Every agent has a different device they use to report back. I don't know about James. Perhaps he was even meant to report back even more. They might send someone else here, looking for me." 
 "About that, do you know anything about James's power or the skills he used?" Leo asked. 
 "Power… I'm not quite sure what you mean. He never really displayed his full power in front of us. None of the higher numbered do. Although, what I do know is once you reach the ranks of 20 and above, they get sent off for some special type of training." 
 'Is he with Pure?' Leo thought. 'Maybe that's why they were so interested in the Dojo I built. I did so to bring attention, and it looked like it worked, but why not come himself then? Why go so far? Do you still hold a grudge against me for what happened on that day, master?' 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 367 Off again! 
 Leo was trying to think hard about the best course of action for the future, not just for him, but for Erin and more for the people in the Shelter. He didn't want to cause them any trouble or alarm. They deserved a peaceful life, but at the same time, he needed to do something. 
 "Maybe it's best if we both leave this place," Leo said. "After what happened, they will be after me as well. I don't want to put the lives of people living here in danger." 
 "But where would we go? They have people at every Shelter, and I can't go back to the military base. Also, what if they send someone here again and go after Taz?" Erin asked, hoping he would have an answer. 
 "If my hunch is right, I know someone at Pure very well. I'll have Taz crush the Dojo and put someone else in charge. He's not interested in ther people here; he's interested in me." 
 At this point, Erin was a little lost; she had no clue what Leo was talking about, but just knew right now he was her only hope. 
 "As for your second problem, follow me," Leo said. 
 Before leaving the Dojo, Leo went to access something in the room's corner. After inputting a code, a small door opened, and he grabbed an object from it. Then using another device, a digital screen appeared with a sound wave. As Leo spoke, the sound wave would move. After listening to what Leo was saying, she realized it was a digital message left for Taz. 
 "Our time together has been great, but I'm afraid it has come to an end, for the goal and person I have been looking for is insight. I'm sorry for what happened to you today. I believe I am to blame for this. With this, I will give you your final and last task. Two Gold Credit cards have been left behind." 
 "I would like you to select a person who you think will do well in looking after the city, someone you trust. I believe you are better than anyone to decide this. Pass the card onto him; when I can, I will apply funds and continue to support this Shelter. As for the second gold card, that is for yours to use. 
 "There should be enough money for you to last a lifetime, as long as you don't go and squander it. There is no need for you to risk your life to put food on the table. Enjoy it. When I leave, have the Dojo, and all the equipment in it, destroyed. And stay as far away from me as possible and cut the connection with people you know here as well." 
 The two of them left the Dojo and went outside to another building located in the same large square that Leo owned. It wasn't as big as the main hall they had just left but was the second biggest in the whole square area. 
 Before entering the room, in his hand, Leo grabbed Erin's and placed the object that he had taken out of the safe. 
 "I believe this belongs to you?" Leo said. 
 "My watch! This means I can finally get in contact with the others." She said with joy on her face, but now was not the right time to do so. 
 The two of them entered the room, and it wasn't too big in size, it was a bit cramped, but what did surprise her, it was almost a replica of the portal room that the military base had. There were several different portals that led to other places. 
 "I bought most of these on the black market, but every portal here should belong to a Green planet or an Orange portal planet. I would often use these before joining the military to go out on solo hunts. Then with the beasts' crystals, I would sell them to fund the Shelter." 
 At first, Erin thought that maybe one of these portals would be her way out of here, but after hearing Leo, specifically say that they were only Orange portal and Green portals, she got disheartened once again. As long as there was a military presence on one of these planets, there would be a member of Pure hidden somewhere around. 
 "This is only a temporary measure for now while we get our bearings. I believe what Quinn has given me is a gift." Leo said, clenching his fist. "I have never felt stronger than before, but I still need time to train myself and my skills. If you wish, I will train you too. If you want to see your friends again, I suggest you take me up on my offer. Once the two of us are strong enough, we will come back, and Pure will fear us." 
 Going to one of the teleporters, Leo pulled it from the side and into the centre of the room. Then once activated, the small waves in the air could be seen. However, the colour that Erin was expecting didn't appear. For it was a portal in red colour. 
 "What, how did you get this!" Erin said. "Isn't it dangerous? Wouldn't this be worse than running from Pure?" 
 "This portal used to be an Orange portal planet, you don't know this, but the students were sent here on an expedition. The highest tier beast on this planet is advanced tier beasts. It turns out that there were many advanced tier beasts. It was enough for the military to decide to abandon it and classify it as a red portal planet. 
 "I am confident that if there are only advanced tier beasts, we should be able to avoid trouble. There may be the odd King Tier beast here or there, but it was clear that there aren't many. This will be the perfect place for us both to train." 
 Although Leo didn't mention it, he had one more worry, but it was unlikely they would meet. 
 She thought about it, but in the end, it really was the only option they had. They could carry on running in disguise from shelter to shelter, being chased, never having a place to settle. Or she could take a risk, grow stronger with Leo and no longer have to be afraid of hiding. 
 "One year," Erin said. "I want to meet up with the others when they leave school. I want to be strong enough to no longer have to worry about Trudream or Pure. If you can do those things, then I will come with you." 
 Erin took Leo's hand, and the two of them slowly started to walk through the portal together. 
 On the muddy ground, inside a hot jungle where the trees were so tall as if touching the sky and the tree trunks were as thick as houses. Little ripples of waves suddenly formed in the air, and shortly after, sparks of electricity came out of nowhere. A portal had soon shot open, and out of it came both Erin and Leo, stumbling and placing their hands on the ground, trying to balance themselves. 
 "Ahh, we're here," Erin said, wondering what the place looked like, but when she lifted her head, she was greeted with a sharp pointy spear. 
 "Intruders! we have two people who have come through a portal." The man holding the spear said. 
 When looking around, both Leo and Erin noticed that they were completely surrounded by about thirty people, and they had their beast weapons in their hands, ready to engage in a fight. 
 "I thought you said this was a red portal planet," Erin whispered. "There shouldn't be people here, right?" 
 "There used to be a shelter here." Leo replied, "But I thought they had abandoned it, or at least the military did." 
 Up high on one of the trees, there was a wooden house at one of the platforms, built bigger than any other. Inside, a young man came rushing into the main room. "Arthur, Arthur…" The young boy shouted. "There are two people who came through a portal together; what should we do." 
 Arthur stood up from his comfy chair he was in and started walking to the open outside entrance. "I know, I can smell him; he's one of mine." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates, follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can click on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 368 Using the Teleporter 
 A rare expression was seen on a student's face today, one who rarely did ever show his emotions, but he was over the moon. Why, because the long-awaited project that he had been working on for the whole year now was finally complete. 
 Logan sat down in his chair, looking at the green screen. A nine-digit sequence of numbers was shown, and it meant he had finally cracked the code. 
 If he wanted to, right now, he could open up the oddly shaped square teleporter, input the code and it would take him to the destination on the other side. 
 'So this was created by Richard Eno, huh? I wonder where you lead?' Logan thought. 
 Truthfully right now more than anything he just wanted to jump into the teleporter, but there were a few things that needed to be done before that happened. The first thing, he couldn't just leave in the middle of the school term, summer would be coming soon, and that would be his best chance to travel to the unknown place. While the second was a question of how to get back. 
 The military didn't sell teleporters that came back to the base. But it shouldn't be too much a problem for Logan. He could always travel to the unknown planet, and If there was a teleporter leading there, they should be one leading elsewhere and then eventually they could update the school on their location before coming back. 
 All students were in some way required to notify them, of where they were towards the end of thier summer. In most cases, students would be asked to all meet up in a particular area. 
 Thankfully, Logan was a VIP student, so he had special privileges which would allow them to come and collect him from wherever he was. 
 *BANG 
 Suddenly, the sound of Logan's door was heard being slammed wide open. There was no knock, no nothing, and it truthfully startled him. 
 "Don't touch that teleporter!" Quinn shouted, imagining in his head that Logan had already gone in. 
 A few moments ago, when Logan returned to his room, he had seen the green screen, and as promised, he had sent a message to Quinn. 
 Quinn tried his best to make his way there as fast as possible, afraid that perhaps Logan would be too tempted to do some type of test. 
 'What if he's already gone in, what if it all goes wrong? Maybe I should have told him where it led to. He might have even accidentally connected them to us.' 
 But in the end, it was all in his head, and Logan was peacefully in his chair. 
 "Quinn, can you please not do that. What if I was working on something important and you jolted me. You're lucky I was alone in my thoughts." Logan replied, but the two sides of his mouth suddenly rose up once again to show a creepy smile. 
 "Is that a smile?" Quinn asked. When looking at him, it looked more like a creepy doll smiling, where its teeth weren't showing. 
 The two of them sat down and talked, and Logan explained to Quinn how he thought it would be best to use the teleporter in the summer. This was it, for Quinn. He had been trying his best to figure out how to stop Logan from using it, but in the end, the only thing he could do was tell the truth. 
 "Logan, I don't think it's a good idea we use the teleporter, and before you ask why. It's because I know where it goes. When Fex was here, he spotted it in an instant, and he gave me a warning. These square-shaped teleporters, there all linked back to where the vampire's homes are." 
 Logan remained silent, the smile on his face wasn't present anymore, and he placed his hand on his chin. It was his thinking pose, and Quinn knew not to interrupt while Logan was thinking. 
 "Isn't this a good thing then?" Logan replied with a surprising answer. "I mean, now we have a way to save Peter, right?" 
 "What are you saying, Logan," Quinn replied. "Look I want to save Peter as well, but I think for once you're letting your emotions get the better of you. Why didn't you try to save him in the dungeon in the first place? It was because we had no information on the school dungeon, and it was risky. 
 "The place where the vampires live, we know absolutely nothing at all, say we were able to get there and sneak in. Then what would you do about your smell? Vampires and humans have a distinctive smell from each other, and it seems to go even beyond that. I know you want to help Peter, and I do to… but not now." 
 "Correct Quinn, not now which was why I was suggesting in the summer," Logan explained. "Your growth in strength so far has been rapid, don't think I haven't noticed. I made some rough calculations in my mind, and I have never seen anything like it before. 
 "Eventually the vampires will come after us, right? But we have no clue when, and we have no clue where yet they know about you and you don't know about them. This is the chance for us to gather the information needed, whats one vampire among..." For a moment Logan stopped there realising he had no clue how many vampires they were. 
 "My point is, Sometimes the best hiding place is one right under their noses. Between now and then, do whatever you can to get stronger, cause I'm telling you, Quinn, I have made up my mind. I'm going. 
 "This isn't just about Peter. Of course, I feel like I failed him many times and want to help him, but this also goes down to my research. This is my whole life, not just mine but my families as well." 
 "Logan!" Quinn shouted, but could see when looking at him, his expression was one of determination, he was going to go through that teleporter no matter what. 
 "Logan…I'll think about it." 
 "Will you tell the others?" Logan asked. 
 "Did you guys tell me when they came to get Peter? Honestly, this matter doesn't involve them." Quinn replied. 
 "I would disagree with you Quinn. Your shadow ability is a trait that only vampires can use correct? The second Vorden declared that his family was protecting that ability, his whole family is now involved whether you like it or not. Peter, he was changed and became a vampire because of you, and now Layla the same. They have nowhere to go now and no one to rely on but you. 
 "The only person that still isn't directly involved in this mess is me, but I am volunteering and choosing to go. You don't have to make up your mind now, but I think I already know what your answer in the summer will be, so Quinn get stronger, get as strong as you can, and if there's any way I can help let me know." 
 'Damn it, can he read my mind or something.' Quinn had already decided. Too many of the people around him were leaving because of him, if Logan was to go to the vampire world, he would do anything he could to protect him, he didn't want another one of those who were close to him to disappear. 
 "Oh, before you go, about that scent thing," Logan said. "I was wondering after the trick Fex pulled to disguise the smell and trick them into thinking Peter was you, I was wondering if maybe there was some way to replicate it. All I need is a bit of your blood." 
 'Wel, this is a change, usuelly I'm the one asking other people for blood, but here Logan's asking for mine.' 
 "Sure go ahead," Quinn replied. 
 After taking some of Quinn's blood, it was stored away in what looked like a specialized fridge. The computer screen started to do its thing as it was analyzing the contents inside it. While watching everything Logan was doing, it made Quinn think. 
 "I remember you did quite well in the crafting tournament if I gave you some advance crystals do you think you could make me a pair of new gauntlets." 
 Once again, Logan placed his hand on his chin as he thought. 
 "The problem isn't making them. I can pretty much make anything since I can just look for a standard blueprint online. The problem is, I'm not a forger. Although I would say I'm better than the average forger, I also don't come close to those at the top. Not once have I ever when creating a weapon or armour have I been able to create an active skill along with it." 
 'Is it what Leo was talking about, how the top foragers without even realizing it, are implementing a part of their Qi while making the weapon.' 
 "Do you know anyone who can?" Quinn asked. 
 "Sadly I do not." 
 If he allowed Logan to make the gauntlets for him, he thought it would just be a waste in the end, but he could always use it as a last resort. Then while in the middle of thinking, Quinn started to think about his boots. 
 [Shadow equip] 
 The Shadow surrounded his legs and his boots suddenly appear around his two feet. These were the only items that he owned which had the active skill wind walk. 
 [Inspect] 
 When using his inspect skill, the basic information about the stat points, the active skill and finally the name of the creator appeared. 
 'I think I have a way to find a good forger.' Quinn said. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 369 Not enough Credits 
 The advance crystals that had been given to Quinn, couldn't be used to get any of the items from his system shop. Usuelly the items that came from the systems shop were better quality and more powerful than the ones he could find online. The only downside was, many of the items required specific crystals for them to be created. 
 An example of this was the intermediate crystal Quinn owned, that could now be used to create two short swords for Vorden. Although, he didn't quite have the funds to make it for now, as it still required him to purchase two more intermediate crystals. He was already low on funds and didn't know how much a forger would charge him to create the advanced weapon. 
 This all put him in the situation he was in now, he had no choice but to head off in search for a forger. On the weekend, the school would set up a market stall inside one of the school's gyms. Here students were able to sell items they didn't need or items that they had made. This included beast equipment. 
 It was a good place for the forging students and the rich kids to sell of either thier old equipment they didn't need or just getting for getting thier name out there. There would also be a few beast crystals there but very rarely. Most of the time, beast crystals would just be sold on the online market place, because they already had a value attached to them. 
 The reason why forging students didn't do the same was because they were beginners. If a forger didn't belong to a faction or a good family, it meant they had no reputation. Next to no one would buy thier equipment online, only being able to view it through a computer screen. At least in the stall, the other students could test it out a few times or feel the quality of the item. 
 But looking for items on the market place wasn't a problem for Quinn, since he had his inspect skill. It would show him the stats of each item, and he could find the best one. This was what he had planned to do today. 
 He had entered the gym, and it seemed a little busier then he was expecting, as he heard the voices of people talking he soon realised why. Equipment here was sold at far lower price than on the online market, and you could haggle for prices. 
 'I hate haggling.' Quinn though realising that he would now have to go into one of these situations. 
 He quickly stood at the entrance and used his inspect skill, bringing up the stats of as many items as possible. Next, he would filter it down to those with an active skill, and finally, the best quality ones of the lot. 
 'I found you.' Quinn said as he walked over to one of the stalls. It was one of the more quieter ones, and while using his inspect skill, he realised why. The booth was selling only Basic tier equipment. It might have done well during the start of the year, but now towards the end, most students were looking for at least intermediate level gear. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Basic tier Spiked Boar spear] 
 [Strength + 2] 
 [Active skill] 
 [Barbed spear: When active, several quills of spikes will appear from the head as well as the body of the spear. These quills are just as sharp and do as much damage as the end of the spear.] 
 [Creator: Alex Way] 
 "Excuse me," Quinn said. "Did you make all of these?" pointing to the spears off to the side. 
 "Oh, a customer." The man behind the counter sprung up to live. "That's made by one of the top forgers in the school. It's really good quality and even has an active skill. It's going for the great price of 239 Credits, but for you, I can do it for 229 Credits." 
 "Yeah, it's great." Quinn laughed nervously, not knowing how to deal with the pushy student. "Do you know why he only creates basic tier weapons, do you not have anything at the higher level?" Quinn asked. 
 "Unfortunately, Alex background is not a mighty one. After all, how can you create higher tier equipment if you can't afford the materials? Anyway about that spear, are you happy to go ahead and take your order?" As soon as the student said this, he had already lifted the spear and then started to set the transaction on his watch. 
 "No, I ergh…." 
 **** 
 *Ding. 
 "Thank you for your purchase, have a nice day!" The student said with a smile, and Quinn walked away with a basic tier spear in his hand. 
 'Why couldn't I just say no.' 
 After being practically forced to buy the spear from the merchant, he was told by the student that none of the forgers actually sell the equipment themselves. They pass it on to them, who get a commission from each sale. This allows them to in the future, practice thier negotiation skills. If they wanted to become a merchant or an advisor for a big faction in the future, it would be good to have some practice. 
 However, he did get information about where the forger known as Alex would be at this time and day. His search had led him to the forging Club, which was a separate room located on the bottom floor, at the back of the school. 
 To enter it though, one would have to go outside and enter through the back. To the side of the forger club, thier were several rooms which each had smoke coming out from the top. These were forging rooms that students were able to practice in or on the weekend if they wanted to use them, rent out for a certain amount of credits. 
 The student had informed Quinn, that Alex was always busy working hard. with each credit he earned, he would use it to buy more supplies and start working on more items. At first, it was great for his business, but now, they had an overstock of weapons, and no one was buying, but Alex was a little stubborn when it came to listening to his business partner. 
 Just by looking at the outside of the rooms, it wouldn't tell who was in It. But it didn't matter for Quinn, because his inspect skill was at level three and had improved greatly. Allowing him to slightly see past the walls of the rooms, and he had finally found his target. 
 There was a thick iron door at the entrance. At first, Quinn gave it a knock but there was no answer. From inside the sound of clanging could be heard, so it was expected that the knock might not have been heard. Still, not wanting to waste any more time, Quinn used his brute force to barge open the door with his shoulder. 
 As soon as he did, a gust of heat directly hit him in the face. It was so hot it was causing him to feel slightly faint, and he was already feeling that way due to the sun. 
 "Darn it, what idiot would open the door in the middle of someone forging a weapon!" Alex shouted as he threw down his metal hammer on the floor and lifted the goggles off his face. He quickly went to the furnace to turn it off, trying to save all the energy he could. 
 "Great." He said, looking at his weapon that was half done. "It's ruined!" 
 Alex was quite a skinny lad for a forger. Usually, they would be quite large and muscular in size due to all the hammering and lifting of metals they did all day. But on a closer look, Alex did indeed have muscles even if he did have a small frame. He was still tall though, and it seemed as if he just ate a bit more he would have been in great shape. 
 He had short blonde hair, that was styled up a little, and all over his body, he was sweating, his clothes looked like he had gone for a swim, and Quinn just couldn't imagine how long he had been in here with this heat to look like that. 
 Alex walked up to the student he had never seen before and held out his wrist, showing his watch. Quinn could see it had the number three displayed showing he his power level, but didn't know what Alex was trying to do. 
 "Come on, Pay me… Pay me for the materials that you just ruined?" 
 Quinn looked completely confused, as he had just opened the door, what was Alex talking about? 
 "Well no wonder you opened the door without thinking, You changed the temperature of the room, which destroys the whole crafting process." 
 Again, Quinn was equally confused, but he was no forger. He had seen Logan make a few items before and he had never complained about temperature, although thinking back, Logan's methods also seemed unconventional compared to normal forgers. Perhaps all of this talk of heat was what allowed Alex to make the perfect weapon. 
 "Sorry," Quinn said not wanting to get off on the wrong foot and decided to pay a total of three hundred credits for the materials used as well as Alex's time. 
 "Well, at least you no when you've done wrong," Alex said as he looked down and noticed the spear in his hand. He then started to walk away and was about to clear up his work table, to prepare the next batch. "No refunds." 
 "Huh?" 
 "I said no refunds," Alex replied. "That spear, if you want a refund go talk to Joe at the stall about it, it's none of my business." 
 "No, you got it all wrong, this I was kind of forced into buying it. I noticed the quality when seeing it at the stall. It's great, and I was hoping you could do something similar. I heard you have problems finding materials for creating weapons." 
 Quinn then took out the three advanced tier crystals and placed them on Alex's worktop. 
 "I want you to make me a new weapon." 
 At a glance, Alex could tell straight away that the crystals were at the advanced level. He had never worked with this high quality of a crystal before and had at most worked at the intermediate level. Although the process with such things would be the same, the higher crystal, the more time would be needed. 
 "Sure I can do that for you, there are three crystals here right, so that will cost you 30,000 Credits." 
 As Quinn looked at his money remaining, he realised, he only had 4400 credits to his name. 
 'How the hell am I going to come up with that amount of money?' 
 Just outside the school, a slim female body stood outside the gate. She looked up and saw that the building looked identical to the one she was at herself not too long ago, but this one was different. 
 Never in her wildest dreams would she have thought she would be coming back here again, and not so soon. The wind blew her hair, and she quickly grabbed her round hat that covered most of her face. 
 "I'm coming for you." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 370 Partners 
 The number rang in his head multiple times, "30,000 coins". It was a figure he had never achieved in his life before, and he was wondering just why it was so expensive. An advanced crystal was usually sold in the market for around 10,000 Credits. Usually the fee of creating something using the crystal would then cost around the same. 
 "If you don't mind me asking, why is the price so high?" Quinn asked. 
 "I thought you were some spoiled rich snob with the way you placed those three advanced crystals out on the table like that," Alex replied. "Look, I'm not cheating you. You probably thought that similar to the basic tier and the intermediate tier crystals, the cost to work on these would roughly be the same as the cost of the crystals. But the advanced tier crystal takes an incredible amount of time in comparison. Not only that, but you want me to make one weapon using all three. 
 "Some weapons and pieces of armour only need one. The second reason is the metals I'll be mixing in with the beast crystal. I will have to purchase them myself, and while you can get away with putting cheap metals and mixing it in, it will only make the weapons' durability low. With basic tier weapons and intermediate tier, you don't have to worry so much. But with these beautiful things," Alex said, looking at the crystals closely. His eyes were almost touching them. 
 "These, they need better treatment." 
 From the way Alex talked about the crafting method and the way he looked at the crystals, he could tell that this person was a true forger who loved his craft. He was the right person for the job. The only problem was, how would Quinn come up with 30,000 credits? 
 Looking at Alex still staring at the crystals, Quinn started to think hard. He could always just use his influence skill and force him to create one, but it felt like an abuse of his powers. If he was to do that, then what would be different from him and all the other high-level students who forced the others to do things for them? 
 If he was going to work hard on something like this, then Alex deserved to be rewarded for it. The second reason, Quinn saw a light when meeting Alex. He didn't want him to just work on this weapon, but maybe all future weapons. He couldn't just keep using the influence skill on him to force him to do work whenever he wanted. 
 Finally, after a while of thinking, Quinn had come up with a plan. Though he was unsure whether it would work or not, it was the only thing he had. 
 "I can't give you the money," said Quinn. "I just don't have that much but what I can do is give you these." His shadow equip was activated, resulting in the smoke and a dark shadow to start appearing in the palm of his hands. 
 Alex immediately went to grab the spear that Ray had brought, thinking that perhaps he was going to try to force him into making things for him. It wouldn't have been the first time it happened, and it surely wouldn't be the last either. 
 But then, when the shadow disappeared inside Quinn's hands, the gauntlets he wore were seen. They were still quite badly scuffed up from the fight with the Multiplier, so they honestly didn't look that great. 
 "I'll give you these," Quinn said, handing them over. 
 Alex took a brief moment to have a look all over, and there were a few things he noticed but didn't say anything. For intermediate tier weapons, it was some of the best quality work he had ever seen. 
 "Who made this?" Alex asked. 
 "I don't know, I found it on a planet in a storage room, and that's not the only weapon I have either. Not only that but these weapons seem to be one of a kind. On the market place, I couldn't find anything that came close to or to like it. It's the same with the other weapons as well. My suggestion is for me and you to become business partners." 
 "Business partners?" Alex asked. 
 "Think about it, the fact that it isn't on the market place means you could melt down these gauntlets and make a blueprint of them. Then after a few people start to use them and the word gets out, they would start to sell like hotcakes. It might take a while, but soon people will learn of your name." Quinn said with excitement, trying his best to pitch his new idea. 
 "But gauntlets, they are not exactly the most popular item. I do agree that at some point it would have the selling effect you're talking about, but that could take years. I checked the weapon and it has no marking, which is strange. Every Forger usually puts their marking on their work. Which is why I'm inclined to believe you about no one having this up on the market. Even if I did, putting my mark would claim the blueprint as mine. 
 "My problem is, what do you get out of this? You could sell a blueprint that hasn't been distributed yet for a lot more money than what I asked for." Alex said. 
 "To answer your first question. Don't you remember, I said I have other items as well. For this deal how about I chuck in a pair of short swords?" 
 Alex was thinking hard, and Quinn could see this, it seemed like his plan was about to work, but there were a few more details he needed before getting him to agree. 
 "As I said, we would be business partners. In return, I will do everything to protect you." Quinn said lifting up his level 6 power watch. "As well as that, I would want a royalty. Let's say 30 percent of all your sales, and you make me my advanced weapon for free. 
 "You could, of course, carry on your day here as a talented forger, and when you leave school, you may get scouted to work for a top Faction, or maybe even one of the big four, but is that all you want to do? Work for someone else? 
 "This is your chance to start the grounds to make your own company. I know you care a lot about making the perfect weapon, and not mass producing it like the others. This can be our selling point of why our weapons work better. So what do you say? Do we have a deal?" 
 Quinn's offer sounded very enticing to Alex. He had always struggled with credits before and truthfully, he wanted to work on an advanced weapon because he had never done one before. Only practiced it in theory in his head. It was rare for such a student to be given this type of offer. 
 Honestly, Alex loved Crafting weapons so much that he would have done it for free for Quinn. The reason for giving the price was to cover the cost of the materials but thought that if someone was able to get three advanced crystals easily like that, they should also have plenty of Credits. 
 "If you bring me those short swords, and I check they are the same as these gauntlets, and there are no forger markings, then we have a deal," Alex said. 
 With that, Quinn quickly headed off to his room to use the remainder of his credits to purchase two more intermediate crystals. 
 "Sorry Vorden, you're gonna have to wait a little longer." 
 Then while accessing the shop, the two short swords appeared in front of him once again. It had cost him all his credits, but it was a lot cheaper than paying 30,000 coins. 
 Before Quinn had returned, Alex did a little research of his own. He tried to look at the marketplace, to see if anyone was selling anything similar. It was hard to tell just from a photo and description, but even the design was something he just couldn't find online. 
 It was a real opportunity for him to sell them. 
 Quinn, with the short swords in his hand, was heading back as soon as possible. He had thought about doing this before with someone. The problem was, he was afraid. Since the equipment belonged to the system, he was pretty sure it was related to the vampires. Selling such equipment to the whole world, could cause him trouble. 
 But, he knew it would take a few years before that was to happen, and it looked like the vampires would reach him before then. 
 Once returning, Quinn handed the short swords over to Alex. Once again, he checked them over and found no Forger marking, and just like with the gauntlets, they were better than any intermediate tier weapon he had ever seen. 
 "Well, you kept your word so I will keep mine," Alex said as he reached out his hand. The two shook hands and from today onwards they would be business partners. 
 "So, how long do you think it will take for you to make a beast weapon for me?" Quinn asked. 
 Alex started to do the calculations in his head. The melting process, ordering of the metals, making a design. 
 "About two weeks." 
 "Two weeks!" Quinn shouted, expecting it to at most take a few hours. It certainly was different from how Logan did things. He was itching to try out his new weapons as soon as possible, but if this was how long it would take, then that's how long it would take. He couldn't change that fact. 
 Still, he was in a good mood. He had little money left, but that didn't matter. If things worked out, perhaps in the future he would be a tycoon that would be able to compete on Logan's level. 
 'How much money does Logan even have?' He started thinking about all the things in his room, 'and just how much are one of those gaming pods again?' Not only did every military base have a room full of the VR pods, even the people on the outside enjoyed playing it. 'Maybe I won't surpass him.' Quinn thought. 
 With the day over, Quinn thought he would get one of the best nights of sleep he ever had. A few hours into the night, and into his sleep, he was suddenly woken up by a strange smell. 
 He looked to his right, and Vorden was still there, sleeping away. 
 'Phew, I guess everything's okay.' 
 But the strange smell hadn't disappeared, and he knew what it was straight away. Another Vampire. 
 'Have they come already, should I wake up Vorden? No, why would they reveal their presence to me and why not just attack me?' 
 Getting out of his bed, Quinn slowly started to follow the scent. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 371 Time frame 
 Following the strange smell, Quinn was still wondering if it was the right thing to do or not. After all, he was in the military base. It was quite easy for him to make a scene and scare off whatever vampire that was coming his way. The problem was, how many days would that buy him? 
 They were here now, and they were here to get to him. Fex before leaving had informed the others that they would be cautious before returning. So why would they change their mind, and now that curiosity had gotten the better out of Quinn. 
 The smell of the vampire continued to get stronger, and then at times, it would weaken again. It was as if Quinn was playing a game of hot and cold, trying to find just where they were hiding. Eventually though, he realised it wasn't trying to hide. It was trying to lead him somewhere. Right now, he was looking at the last staircase that led up to the school roof. The door was slightly open, and a cool breeze could be heard going through it. As if it was inviting him. 
 'This is your last chance to turn back, Quinn.' He thought to himself. 
 "If you don't talk to me now, I'll only catch you at another time. I thought I would be polite in inviting you here." A voice said. 
 The words were spoken quietly, but at the same time loud enough for a vampire to hear, who was standing only a few feet away from the door. "I don't want to fight, I just want to talk." 
 "Screw it!" Quinn said. "If not now, then when." 
 Going up to the top of the staircase and opening the door to the rooftop, he could see the back of a figure standing there. Her hair flowing in the wind, and the moonlight shining off the silver strands. 
 It was the first vampire Quinn was meeting outside of Fex, and this wasn't a child like him. 
 As Silver turned around, she looked at the boy. He had the same features as the Wight they had captured before their transformation was over, and she could smell he was a vampire. She looked him up and down, trying to see if there was anything special, to see if she could see what Fex could see, but at a glance she felt nothing. 
 If this was the person who was going to change the way the vampire worlds worked, then surely she should have felt something, but she didn't. 
 'But Fex believed in you for some reason. Enough to risk his own life for yours. So you're the only hope I have.' 
 "What do you…" Quinn was about to say, but Silver suddenly snapped. 
 "Down!" She shouted, with her eyes beaming red. In an instant, as if Quinn had lost control of his body, he fell to his knees, and was pinned. 
 'Is this the influence skill? It's so strong!' He tried to fight back using his strength, but nothing seemed to be working. 
 "I will do the talking from here." Silver said. "I've come to tell you the information that has happened in the vampire world. I don't know if your leader has cared to inform you, but since this is all your fault in the first place I shall…" 
 "The decision has been made, two months from now on August the 15th, the day that he came into this world, Fex Sanguinis shall be sentenced to death." 
 If Quinn wasn't already frozen, he would have been frozen in place from her words. He wasn't expecting to hear any news from the vampires, and why would they even bother to inform him. They didn't even properly know about him yet. Then, an unexpected name had appeared: Fex's name. 
 Quinn had prepared himself to perhaps never see Peter again. He didn't want to, but he knew it was a possibility. But still, for some reason, he never thought such a harsh punishment would befall Fex. 
 "Why, what did he do?!" Quinn shouted. 
 "In front of all the family leaders, Fex admittedly lied to everyone. He tried to deceive everyone and that included his own family." 
 'Did he do all this because of me? You went that far, Fex. I thought you would be okay. I thought you had a plan. What's the point of sacrificing two lives for my own?' 
 "Why are you telling me this?" Quinn said. "Is it just to taunt me, to inform me that his death is because of me?" His hands were now shaking with anger, and in this, he hadn't realised that a part of his mobility had come back. 
 "What is wrong with you people? He did nothing wrong, we did nothing wrong!" Quinn shouted. "People every day are killing each other, hitting each other in this world. Yet for some reason, we're the ones to be punished. I thought maybe you vampires would be better, but it looks like you are scum too, just like the rest. Do any of you even care about each other?" 
 Silver was a little taken back by Quinn's words. Fex had broken the rules, of course, he should be punished, but did he really deserve death? Did the illegal do anything to harm the vampires in any way? 
 "You don't understand he broke the rules. We have always followed them and we always will. The council has made its decision. It's all for a greater cause in the end and to protect us all." 
 "Screw the council!" Quinn said as he slowly lifted one leg off the ground. His knee twitching, and then finally his foot was placed on the floor. 
 'Huh, is he breaking my influence? That's impossible, he's only at the vampire level.' 
 "Down!" Silver said. 
 And once again, Quinn's body was forced in the same position as before. 
 "You don't understand." Silver said. That was when Quinn noticed a single drop of a tear falling to the floor from her right eye. So far, all the words being said had no emotion in them, and even now, when she spoke, it sounded so. 
 'Is she holding them back?' 
 "I care more about the vampires than anything, the rules must be followed. At the same time though, I care about my brother and I don't want to see him die like this. He was destined for more." 
 "I cannot break the rules, but you…" She said pointing at him. 
 "You are an outsider, someone who has already broken the rules. You can fight back against them. For some reason, my brother believed in you." 
 "He told me that he thought you were a vampire that would one day change the world. But that one day isn't quick enough. You need to change it now." 
 A gust of wind went past, and her silver hair flickered in front of her face once more. Several tears could now be seen hitting the floor. As Quinn blinked, he could no longer see her there. The control over his body had disappeared as well. 
 He quickly got up and ran to where her position was. He tried smelling the air, looking over the edge. Searching high and low, seeing where she could have gone, but in the end, she was nowhere to be seen and her scent no longer lingered. 
 "That was Fex's sister. I can't believe they're going to kill him. Not just that, what about Peter? I had so many questions to ask. How could she just come and leave like that? What am I meant to do now with all this information?" 
 It was a big shock to Quinn, although he was preparing to travel to the vampire world with Logan; going there and rescuing someone were two different things. 
 "August 15th, that's two months from now. School ends around July. Can I get strong enough to save him?" He clenched his fist tightly and looked up at the full moon that night. 
 Fex's sister seemed so powerful to Quinn. She was strong enough to control him just with her influence, and yet she still wasn't doing anything. If she wouldn't then he was Fex's only hope. 
 "No! I will save him. I'm coming for you Peter and Fex, just wait for me… don't give up yet, at least not until I've given up on you." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 372 Tell you everything 
 The ball of energy could be felt swirling around in his body. The first day when practising Quinn was able to remember what Leo had taught him and what he had felt that day. Just as he promised, he practised it every morning, and he was currently sitting on top of his bed in a mediating position, crossed legged. 
 Vorden didn't ask what Quinn was doing, but just assumed that he must have been under a lot of stress lately and was just trying out a few things to let that stress out of him. 
 Breathing in deeply, he could see the ball of energy. Before, it was the size of a ping pong ball, but now it had grown to the size of a tennis ball. Each day it seemed to be growing in size as he managed to gather and control more Qi around his body. The next step was moving it around into the different parts, and this was the tricky part. 
 Moving the energy from his fingertips to his toes is what Leo had told him to do. Thus, if he wanted the Qi to naturally enhance his entire body, he would have to flatten the ball so that the energy spread out all over the body. It was clear that he had a long way to go, but he also had no clue whether or not he was improving fast or slow. Still, he decided to trust Leo. It only took him thirty minutes to practice each morning, anyway. 
 'Fex' Quinn thought. 
 The next step was getting stronger. He now had a time frame, and it was far shorter than he had first thought. Realistically, he didn't know how big the vampire world was, or how long it would take to save Fex. He couldn't just leave his training up until the very last day. They also needed to spend some time in the vampire world, too. 
 So realistically in Quinn's head, rather than having two months to save Fex, he would only have one for the actual training. 
 [560/51200] 
 With just his daily tasks and playing the VR game, his exp gaining was extremely slow. So if he wasn't able to level up, then there was only one thing he could do to get stronger in such a short amount of time, that was consuming blood. 
 'I know Fex said I'll get addicted the more times I drink blood, but that doesn't really matter right now. I can always wean myself off of it later. I know it will be tough, but I really have no choice.' 
 After Quinn was done with his normal lessons, he made his decision. He thought about how he could get many different types of blood easily, he also knew a certain person who could help him with that. 
 **** 
 "Hm, of course, I can help you with that," Logan said in his usual chair, while getting a massage from his mechanical spider arms. "But before I help you, I want you to tell me why. And no more lies Quinn. We've already decided to go to the vampire world together." 
 Quinn's plan was to raid the city's hospital. Not the school's one, but the actual hospital located near the plaza centre that all soldiers had access to. They had been there once before, but the only problem Quinn had at the time was the cameras. After seeing what Logan could do, and what he had done at the base event, it should be easy work for Logan. On top of that, Quinn also had his shadow cloak that would be able to hide him in the darkness. As long as they did this at night, and the cameras were turned off, there would be no evidence of any culprit who could have done such a thing. 
 "Fex's sister came to me last night," Quinn said. 
 As soon as he said these words, Logan's mechanical arms that were giving him a massage all lifted in the air, as if they were shocked and reacting to how Logan was feeling. 
 "I know, apparently, they have some type of council there, and she came to tell me about their decision with Fex." 
 "With Fex, not Peter?" 
 Quinn shook his head. 
 "I don't know about Peter, but as for Fex, they've decided to give him a public execution." 
 Logan wasn't as surprised with the verdict of the vampires as Quinn was. The reason being, Vordne had asked Fex a question at the time before he had left, and his answer wasn't something that gave him confidence. Perhaps Fex already knew that there was a chance of this happening. 
 "Okay, so I understand that, but what does that have to do with going to the hospital?" Logan asked. 
 "The truth is, I get stronger from every different blood type I consume. So far there have been no restrictions that I know of. Different blood types support me in different ways. I can get physically stronger, faster, and a few other benefits as well." 
 Thinking about what Quinn had just said, Logan was a little horrified. How many humans existed on the campus alone, how many humans in the entire existence existed. If what he was saying was true. At some point Quinn's strength would be unmatched, he would become a Vampire god. 
 "Are there other vampires like this?" Logan asked, now having slight second thoughts if this was the case. 
 "No, it seems to be special and related to my system." 
 "Alright, I'll help you Quinn, of course I will. We won't waste anytime, What you've told me has only given me more strength to work. I have been working on some new suits for myself. I'm not so naïve as to believe that we won't get in any scuffles while there. Oh, and while we're at it." Logan quickly went over to his specially designed fridge, honestly, Quinn didn't know what to call it, but that was the closest thing he had in his head. From the fridge, he pulled out what looked like a small bottle of spray. 
 It was a dark red colour, which he then proceeded to spray it all over his body without saying a word. But as soon as he did, Quinn knew exactly what he had done. 
 "It works! You actually made it work!" Quinn said in excitement. 
 "For now, I can only make the smell last for up to an hour, which is a bit of a problem, I think. I can make it last a bit longer, but I can't get it to work as a permanent solution." The look on Logan's face was now serious. "Quinn, you need to start being more open to us, not just to me but everyone. If you had told me this sooner, then I could have probably made something to disguise the vampire smell, from both you and Peter. As I said before, I know you don't want us to get involved, but we already are." 
 Quinn didn't reply, but he understood that he wasn't alone in all this. Before in the past he might have been, but right now he had people who were willing to help him, and they were reliable people too. 
 "We'll meet tonight, at around 8 Pm, that'll give us two hours before the curfew to get in and get out, which should be plenty of time." 
 Thus, with all that, the plan was set in motion. After Quinn returned to his room, all he needed to do now was to wait until it was time to head to the front gate. With Vorden not in the room and no one to talk to, Quinn thought it would be a good chance to practice his Qi again. However, just as he was about to, the system had spoken out to him, which was a rather rare occurrence. 
 "You shouldn't be doing this you know?" The system said. 
 But Quinn decided to not reply after their last confrontation. 
 "If they find out you're the tenth leader, then…" The system stopped there, not going further. 
 "Then what?" Quinn replied. "Then they will find out Peter isn't an illegal, that Fex did nothing wrong and then both of them will be set free." 
 "Stop acting like a child and just listen!" The system said. "I keep telling you, you're too weak. Do you remember the girl from the rooftop? She was a vampire knight. There are many more who are just as powerful as her, and on top of that, you also have the vampire leaders, who are all at the Lord level, yet you, you're still just a vampire, not even a noble. Do you really think you deserve a seat next to them?" 
 "Deserve a seat?" Quinn repeated. "I don't care about any of this vampire business, I just want to protect those who are close to me. Tell me, is that so wrong?" 
 "That's not what I was trying to say… This is not how I feel, but I know this is how they will feel. If they find out you're a leader, then the others will target you. They will just see you as someone weak, someone who they can easily knock out, just so they can attain the throne." 
 Quinn remained silent for a moment. These days he wasn't enjoying his conversation with the system and was wondering how different his life would have been if he had never found that book in the first place. 
 "You were one of the old leaders, weren't you?" Quinn said. "I know you won't confirm it, but it's the only reason why you know so much." 
 "I can see you have made up your mind." The system said. "I tried stopping this but they will find out sooner or later, once you obtain one of the council seats as a leader, willingly or unwillingly. I will tell you everything you want to know then. That is, if you even live to get to that point. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 373 Hitting the limi 
 It was nearly time for the two of them to meet. Standing outside the school gate, Quinn waited patiently for Logan to arrive while looking down the path. His mind was full of thoughts, but was mainly focused on just getting stronger. While waiting, he noticed three kids making their way back to school. Three boys to be precise... 
 Two of them had their arms wrapped around the one in the centre. The two on the side were cheery and joking about, but at the same time they seemed to be a bit rough with him. When looking at the boy's face, one could tell he was nervous, he didn't seem happy to be hanging around with his friends, and his frightened heartbeat that could be heard from a distance just confirmed it. 
 Looking closely, Quinn managed to catch a glimpse. He was a level two power level while the other two around him were level fours. It was clear what was happening, the same thing both Quinn and Peter used to go through still happened all around the school. Ever since the base event, most of the students had decided to stay clear of Quinn. 
 There were still a few others that approached him and tried mocking him, getting him to fight them, but in the end they would never act first like they used to when they thought he was a level one. 
 'Not now, Quinn. You don't have the time.' Truthfully, now that Quinn was forced to be reckoned with in the school, he would usually stop instances like these. He remembered what Berg of the Sunshield family had said to him. How him helping would only help temporarily; but in the case of Berg, he himself had never been in the same situation as Quinn. 
 He knew, when one was being bullied they would have liked even for a second, if just someone helped and reached out to them one time. If they could ease the pain for a second, they hoped that it might stop, eventually. 
 But this time, Quinn could do nothing. He didn't need eyes remembering where he was, and they were on a close time frame as well. 
 "It is now six o'clock." Logan said. "I am perfectly on time, and as I said, the sun set about ten minutes ago. We are in complete darkness, which is perfect for a job like this." 
 "Do you have everything?" Quinn asked. 
 "Of course?" Logan replied, unzipping his shirt and showing a shiny piece of armour. It was his spiders. They had formed a thin suit under his standard uniform. 
 With them both being ready, they headed off into the city. It would take half an hour to reach the hospital at a fast pace, and another half an hour to come back. If Quinn didn't have to slow down for Logan to catch up, he could have made it even quicker, but it was only because of him that they even could do such a thing in the first place. 
 Finally, they had reached the hospital. It wasn't too busy and there weren't many that would come in with serious wounds. Only those that felt ill, or had an accident during training would come in. Although there were still some people like that. The soldiers that were on duty on other planets would often have medical treatment at the shelter. There would often be more than enough supplies to be equipped with everything, but still, from time to time, you would have the odd person that needed to be sent back to the base. 
 On the way there, they had set up their plan. Quinn had enough MC points to stay hidden the entire time, as long as nothing happened. So before they reached the inside of the hospital, Quinn performed his shadow cloak skill and just waited outside, right around the corner of the hospital in the shadows. 
 There was a major problem with the shadow cloak though, one being that it wasn't perfect in light. If one was to move, then ripples in the air could still be seen. However, in the dark it would be perfect. 
 Logan had entered the hospital ahead of Quinn and had sat down in the waiting area. He then let out his spiders to do their work. Research was already done beforehand. Thus, unlike the dungeons, he was able to easily get the layout and structure of the hospital. Sending out his spiders, he commanded them to go out in multiple directions. They spread to all the areas between the entrance and to where Quinn needed to be. 
 Then finally, when all of the spiders were in position, there was a clear signal for Quinn to enter the hospital. 
 "3… 2... 1." Logan said, and in an instant all of the lights turned off. However, Quinn didn't have a long time. Logan had given him a set of instructions beforehand, about where to go, and hence Quinn needed to hurry and get to the room. Even though the power was cut off, hospitals always had a backup generator for emergencies. 
 Still, Quinn wasn't just fast now, he was extremely fast. As soon as the light turned back on, Quinn was already in the room he needed to be in, and not a single soul had seen him. 
 There were three different storage rooms where they kept the different blood types. Some blood types were kept in a special type of a freezer in which they could be stored for a year. Although they could take the blood bags back with them, Quinn wanted to consume the blood now while they were still in the hospital. This way, they wouldn't have any evidence left with them. 
 The room Quinn currently in was a blood refrigerator. This was where they especially stored the blood that was to be used on demand, and it would then be kept for at least forty-two days. The blood was kept in special types of packs in containers up against the wall. There were rows and rows of blood and Quinn couldn't imagine how many stat points he would be able to increase from this. 
 His inspect skill was cast and a pair of gloves could be seen on his hand for hiding his fingerprints. 
 The inspect skill allowed him to see each blood type there was, and they seemed to already be categorized into blood types for him, with A positive and negative being next to each other. When looking at the blood packs, it was time for one of Logan's special inventions to get to work. 
 The blood packs had a special type of seal on them. Blood would usually be extracted through some type of tube, but to show that they hadn't been opened before the seal was placed upon them. Logan didn't want to be unethical. People needed blood to live, and Quinn only needed a small amount to get his stats. So Logan had designed a special type of needle that was able to be injected into the plastic bag and then, on its way out, seal it up. Making it look like nothing was ever taken. 
 The problem was, there was only one needle, so Quinn would have to consume the blood then and there, and repeat this process again quickly. This wasn't a problem though as Quinn got to work pulling out the A blood type packs and increasing his stats one by one. 
 The A stat gave him strength and he could see it slowly rising with every different person blood. 
 [A+ Blood type has been consumed] 
 [+1 to strength] 
 The message continued with each one and every time, Quinn felt a surge of energy but for the first time he also felt something different. He could tell the taste of the blood was getting better each time. He had never consumed so many blood types in one go before, and now he could tell the addiction was coming. 
 Still, it wasn't a bad feeling, it was just one that put him off for a brief second before he continued. 
 Finally, as though something strange had happened he had received a message he never thought he would get. 
 [A+ Blood type has been consumed] 
 [Strength 40] 
 [You have reached the maximum amount of stat points in strength] 
 [To proceed further you must evolve] 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 374 A way to level up 
 The message had come as a surprise for him; the system had said nothing about a cap before, and now suddenly this message had appeared. But Quinn did remember that the system often said that it didn't create the system himself. So there were some things even he didn't know, and this could have just been one of them. 
 Still, not wanting to waste any more time, Quinn decided to continue onward to the next set of blood packs. Even if he had maxed out on one, it didn't mean he had maxed out on the others. 
 After drinking what they had of type B blood, the same message appeared once again. 
 [40 Agility points reached.] 
 Moving onward, Quinn continued in this fashion, taking a small amount of blood from each one until, eventually, all of his stats had reached the top. 
 [Strength 40] 
 [Agility 40] 
 [Stamina 40] 
 [Charm 40] 
 His stats before were around the high twenties and now, they had not only surpassed thirty when he felt a significant power increase; they had even reached forty. His entire body felt different, he felt like a completely new person. His cells were vibrating with excitement and the increase in his power was addicting and exciting. 
 He didn't know what was coming over him, but he felt like he needed to get rid of all this excess energy right this moment somehow. But right now, he was in the hospital. If he was to do anything excessive, they would quickly find out. 
 "Quinn, you need to calm yourself down. You've taken in too many types of blood. The rush you are feeling right now, it's the addiction!" The system said urgently. 
 But hearing him and doing what the system said were too different things. He could hear the heartbeats of the humans that were walking by the door, and the blood that was pulsing through their veins. All he wanted to do was to rip the door open and continue his feast. 
 'What do….I….do?' Quinn thought, while huffing and panting. 
 Then a thought suddenly came to him, there was something he did every morning that seemed to relax him, and it also would help him gather his energy. Quinn quickly sat down on the icy floor and closed his eyes. He started to gather the energy that was raving inside of his body. He focused and started to think of the small ball. 
 Usually, when looking within himself, the energy he could see was almost white in colour and was around the size of a tennis ball, but right now it had expanded to become big as a basketball and was tainted red. 
 'This has to be the blood energy as well. It's going wild around my entire body.' 
 Trying his best, he tried to focus and did the usual thing he did every day. But the red energy was a lot more wilder than the white energy and it took an extreme amount of focus for Quinn. Even in the cold room that he was in currently, his body was still sweating heavily from the concentration. 
 After a few minutes had passed, the white energy and red energy started to combine. It seemed like the two energies were now working together in harmony, slowly but steadily, instead of fighting against each other. 
 Quinn didn't know what this meant. He tried moving the energy around his body, and it felt similar to when he performed his blood skills, but at the same time different. He didn't really know what had happened, but at least the addiction and the excitement he was feeling had gone away. 
 Looking at the energy and concentrating together, the red energy mixed with the white was still there. When he was to meet Leo again, he would have to ask him what this meant. 
 Once everything was settled, Quinn gave a thumbs up to the spider in the corner that was covering one of the cameras. The spider was then able to inform Logan what he needed to do. Logan left the lobby and as soon as he did, and all of the lights went out once more. 
 He continued to walk away from the hospital and went down the pathway that led back to the school. Then finally, he had reached the park and convenience store that was located not too far from the school. 
 "Quinn, Quinn... are you there?" Logan whispered. 
 Suddenly, by his side, Quinn appeared and caused Logan to jump back upon hearing his voice. 
 "I'm right here." Quinn said. 
 "Did you have to do that!" Logan shouted while still keeping his voice down. "Anyway, did everything go according to the plan?" 
 "Not completely according to the plan, but I got what I needed," Quinn replied. There was still the chance to increase his stats in the future and perhaps when he evolved they could return. 
 As the two of them continued to walk down the path and headed back to school, Quinn decided that it was best to ask the system about his stats, anyway. Even if he didn't know. 
 "Honestly, I didn't know there was a limit, but of course I always expected one." The system replied. "But still, I'm amazed that you were able to grow this much. I thought you would have hit the limit far sooner." 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn asked. 
 "Think of it this way. Let's pretend as if everyone had a system just like you. I have based all these numbers on my research that I did from observing you, so give or take it as it might not exactly be accurate. If a normal human being power with no training whatsoever is around five. Then a human who was at the peak would be around ten. Of course, not all of their stats would be at ten but let us pretend for the sake of the example." 
 "A standard vampire would have around twenty points. Then we have skilled vampires who aren't quite at the noble level like Fex and have their stats in the higher twenties, possibly twenty-five. Then a Beginner Noble vampire would be around that of thirty. For someone who is just at the vampire Level, you are incredibly skilful. 
 "This is all of course because of your extra stats when consuming different types of blood that other vampires don't have. Now I wouldn't say there has never been a vampire as powerful as you before evolving into the next stage, but it's very rare and often takes years. If anyone was to learn of what talent and everything you have learned in a short amount of time, no one would believe it. 
 "There would be ques of vampires lining up asking me how I did it!" The system said getting a little carried away. "Sorry, obviously I was talking about this if it was the past." 
 "And what about a vampire leader, they're at the rank of a vampire Lord correct? Am I anyway near them?" Quinn asked. 
 The system decided to remain silent, which in a way was an answer in itself. He could tell this even with the other vampire, as she was beyond a noble's level. 
 "I thought as much, I still need to get stronger, but now I've been capped until I can level up." 
 The problem now was how? The only ways to gain exp at the moment was to do his daily tasks, which gave him minimal exp, and hadn't changed since he first became a vampire. It had become a daily routine for him to complete them by now, so he never even thought about them. 
 The second way was what he had been doing by playing the game. The problem with this was that the game only gave him half the amount of exp, he would get if he was to fight them in real life. It was a serious problem, and even with a hard grind, it would take a long time for him to level up. 
 And when he had entered the game with Nate, the quest for the instant level up had never appeared. It didn't appear the first time the two had fought in the game either. Which suggested that the system wouldn't give him the exp points that he needed even if he did beat Nate. 
 The desperation was starting to get to Quinn, and he was truly trying to rack his brain, thinking of any type of solution that was possible. Before he realized it, Logan and he were already inside the school. 
 "Aright Quinn, I'm going to head off to my room." Logan said. "I still have a lot of things to work on myself for our trip." 
 Even Logan was working hard in the middle of the night for their journey. Quinn needed to do something. He started to walk through the hallway and was heading back to his room when he spotted a student crouched up and in a ball outside one of the rooms. 
 On a closer look, Quinn realised it was the same boy he had seen with the other two earlier. His hair was soaking wet, his face was covered in bruises, and his eyes were puffy from the tears. The boy looked up as he heard someone's footsteps walk past. 
 The scene reminded Quinn of what had happened to Peter that one time, and it looked like it was happening to others too. Crouching down, Quinn and the boy were now looking at each other. 
 "Are you okay?" Quinn asked. 
 The boy continued to sob, but he still gave an answer back while doing so. 
 "I ..I don't want to… go… go back..in there." The boy said. "They'll just hit me again. Every… every day." 
 Quinn could feel the pain in his eyes and through his words. He could feel it not just because of that, but also because he went through it himself. Not everybody was as strong as him when he was getting bullied. Different people dealt with it differently, and the student here seemed like he was at his breaking point. Perhaps Peter was in the past would as well, if Quinn had done nothing. 
 Looking at the boy, something needed to be done. And at that moment and time, something clicked in his head, which would allow him to gain more experience. 
 "Do you wish those people would disappear? Do you want them to never touch you again?" Quinn asked. 
 The boy remained silent as he didn't know what Quinn was getting at. 
 "I'm asking you, do you want them to go away?" 
 Clenching his fist, the boy shouted. "Of course I do! I want them out of my life forever." 
 Standing up, Quinn walked down the hallway to his room, and had a smile on his face while speaking. 
 "Then I'll grant you your wish." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 375 The Night Demon 
 It was lunch time and Vorden was currently out on his own on the park bench, relaxing and wondering what was happening lately. How everything just felt a little off with everyone. Logan never really hung out much and skipped classes most of the time. He had that privilege of being a VIP student and would mostly stay in his room. So he understood that. 
 As for the girls, he didn't really hang around with them much either, but lately, he hadn't even seen Layla, and whenever he did, he noticed that Cia was sticking to her like glue. He hated to admit it, but Vorden was feeling a little lonely. Without Fex and Peter, the only other one he would hang out with was Quinn. Quinn had lately been obsessed with the game like a mad man. Every spare second they would have, he would be spending it playing the game, even at night. 
 This left Vorden alone all on his own. 
 "I wonder what I should do for the summer?" Vorden said, while looking up at the blue sky. "I'm surprised my family didn't contact me about that whole protecting Quinn situation. Maybe they're just waiting for me to go back and give me a telling off then. Ah, this is not good for my mental health." 
 "You're telling us." Raten said in his head. "Don't think about going back, in fact, don't even mention it, you're already driving Sil mad, he's covering his ears and rolling back and forth faster than ever. Just stick with whatever the boy's doing. He's an orphan, remember. If he's staying at the school, just stay with him. If you're really bored, why don't you look after Sil and let me take over." 
 Vorden thought about it for a while. He did feel bad for Raten sometimes. The only time he let him out was when he needed him to fight. He tried keeping him out around the others, but no one was to be seen around here, anyway. Sil wasn't bothered too much and just enjoyed sitting on his own in the dark room. 
 "Fine." Vorden said and then allowed Raten to sit in the chair and take over. 
 Immediately, Raten got up from the school bench and started to look around. He spotted three schoolgirls, and he walked towards them. While walking he tapped one of the boy students on the shoulder. 
 'Earth power huh, this will be handy.' 
 As he got close to the three girls, he spotted his target, and lifted his hand up. At the same time as he did that, a very small earth stump was made. The girl's foot had collided with it, which caused her to fall. 
 "Ahh!" She screamed, but then in the next moment, she felt someone grab her with both hands. 
 "Are you okay there? You nearly fell over." Raten said. 
 When she opened her eyes, she noticed she was being held by a blonde beauty, who wasn't just perfect in the looks department but also a gentleman. 
 Vorden watching the whole thing just shook his head nonstop. "The two things he likes doing, fighting and hitting on girls." 
 **** 
 Once the school day was over and Raten had his fun, they switched back and entered the dorm room. They discovered that Quinn was once again nowhere to be seen. Assumingly, he should be busy playing the game. He knew Quinn was trying to get stronger before the vampires attacked. So he didn't want to bother him too much. So instead, Vorden decided he would go and pay a visit to Logan. Perhaps he could shine some more light on what Quinn was thinking. 
 Although Quinn was playing the game for most of the day, right now he wasn't and it was his current alibi to the others, if they knew where he was. He had waited for the sun to set, and when it had, he decided to put on his full costume and mask. Using his shadow cloak, he hid off into the forest by the side, waiting for the boys he had seen the other day. 
 Bullies usually had a set routine and a spot they would pick to do things. Although it didn't matter much in this school, since the teachers didn't do anything in the first place and Quinn was going to use this to his advantage. If they didn't do anything about the bullies in the first place, then even if he was to fight them, they equally shouldn't care what he did either. 
 If one thing the school was fine about it was that. Or at least Quinn would hope so. 
 Finally, the sound of the laughing boys from yesterday was heard, and as expected they were coming down the pathway, towards the convenience store. The group then quickly took a detour and ventured off the pathway and started to head towards the park, the opposite side to where Quinn was. Quinn was currently hiding in the forest on the convenience store side. Since a lot of students walked past it at night, going in and out of the city. 
 On the other side, there was just a giant field that eventually led to the other part of the forest. Still, Quinn didn't need to move. Even from this distance, he could see everything. Then when the group was at the very edge of the forest, they finally stopped and the two boys no longer kept their arms wrapped around the one in the middle. 
 "I guess it's my time to shine." Quinn said. 
 "Please, why are you doing this to me." The boy said, with tears flowing through his eyes. "I don't even have enough credits to buy the things I need cause you keep taking them from me." 
 "Bill, we're helping you remember. Paying us stops the 'really bad' guys from getting to you. So now, just hand us the money unless you want a repeat of what happened yesterday." One of the boys stated. 
 Bill started to think back about how down he was yesterday, he truly hated his life. Not just at the military school, but even before then everything felt like hell to him. He was close to giving up; he didn't want to live anymore. That was until the stranger approached him yesterday. The small burst of shouting out and anger he felt when saying he wanted them to disappear was enough to keep him going just a little longer. 
 "No." Bill said. "You hit me if I give you what you want, and you hit me if I don't. At least this way I get to keep the credits." 
 "Bill, Bill. Let's see how quick you change your mind." The student placed his hand on the floor. The earth from the ground rose and formed a baseball bat in his hand, which was made of solid mud. 
 "Brace yourself." He said as he went for a swing directly at the student's face. But before it could even reach the student, the bat was smashed to pieces and fell to the floor. As Bill opened his eyes, he could only see the back of the figure, but the two boys in front stepped back a bit, and looked like they were looking at a demon. 
 The two white jagged eyes, and the demon mask placed over the mouth. "Please, inform those higher ups of yours to come here tomorrow, it will save me the effort of looking for them," Quinn said. Although his voice had been altered by the mask and making it sound much deeper and menacing. 
 The student standing by his side, out of panic, stomped his foot, creating a pillar of his own. It travelled like a bent snake going right for Quinn, but with a single barehanded fist, he smashed the pillar to pieces. 
 Walking over to the two slowly, he said a few last words. "If you touch this boy again. I will be back." 
 The students, using all their will, fought back from their fear and were about to use their abilities, but without seeing anything, both of them were suddenly sent flying backwards through the air, going across the fields. They couldn't breathe from the blow, and their lunch that day was already coming out of their mouth. 
 [Level 4 students have been defeated] 
 [40 exp] 
 [40 exp] 
 [1040/51200] 
 The exp still wasn't enough. He looked at the two students far away who were still on the ground. He was having trouble controlling his strength and was actually going to do a little more. Looking at them, he thought about the other option to gain exp. If he was to kill them like before he would get an additional 80 exp for both of them. However, it was pointless. It wasn't worth the trouble for such a small amount of exp. 
 Also, there was no need to erase their memories for everything was a part of Quinn's plan. 
 What Quinn was actually hoping for was to kill two birds with one stone. First being helping the people who were continually bullied in the school. Perhaps he couldn't change the entire world, but he could start by changing the school. The second reason, as these guys said, usually there was a chain of command when it came to these bullies' groups and he was hoping to gather the attention of them. 
 As he moved up the ladder he should face stronger opponents that would eventually give him more exp. 
 "Thank you." Bill said, but in the next second, the stranger completely disappeared, way too fast for him to hear his words. 
 From this day forward, Quinn continued to do his night time vigilante attacks. He would scout out potential targets and then when night came, he would stop the bullying victims and earn exp from the side. As expected, his plan was already working well. Stronger and stronger first years were coming to face him and his exp was steadily rising in the process. 
 So far, the highest Quinn had faced was a first-year student at level six. Even while fighting him, Quinn not once had to use any of his blood abilities. He only used his speed, strength and stamina. With how much his stamina had increased, he could perform the flash step a number of times. Nearly avoiding everything. 
 He was simply too fast and too strong for their abilities to even matter. 
 Eventually, rumours of the Night Demon who would attack people started to spread around. The effect was even better than he thought. The low level bullies were too afraid to touch the low levels anymore. For fear that the Night demon would come to attack them. 
 What Quinn didn't know was how much this was having an effect at the whole school, including those at the top. Currently, several second years were inside Duke's office. Ten of them, to be exact, one from each classroom. 
 "Report!" Duke said. 
 The first person in line didn't say anything, for he was nervous about his answer. 
 "3000 credits, sir." 
 Suddenly, the calm look on Duke's face had changed. 
 "Did you say 3000, 3000!" He shouted. "Have you been taking a bigger slice for yourself!" 
 "It's not that." The second-year student replied. "It's this Night demon, he's been stopping us from doing our work." 
 "Night Demon?" Duke started to look at the student as if he was thick and slowly walked up towards him. The boy was now shaking in his boots, but luckily the others spoke up before he could do anything. 
 "Sir, before you take it out on him, it's true we all have similar numbers. This Night demon has greatly hampered our collection. All the first years are afraid of him." 
 "Alright, so if I get rid of this Night demon for you guys then all will be back to normal, correct?" Duke said, as they all nodded in response. "Alright, let's unmask and see who the hell this Night demon thinks he is. Interrupting my business." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 376 The wait is over... 
 [12460/51200] 
 After two weeks of playing the game in his free time and going out acting as a vigilante, Quinn had managed to gain a large amount of exp. But it was still only around one fifth of what he needed to level up. It had been two weeks, and there were only two more weeks left until the planned day of their departure. Still, even if he didn't reach his goal by the deadline, he would still go. Being as close as possible to levelling up would also help him, and perhaps there were some unknown beasts he had never faced before there. 
 However, during lunch period Quinn had a different place to go to, rather than sticking to his normal routine of going to the VR centre. For two weeks had passed, and this meant that he could now go and collect his specially prepared Gauntlets. The excitement could be felt in his footsteps as he went to leave the school and headed on towards the forging area. On his way, Quinn couldn't help but hear the kids talking about something he had an interest in. 
 "Did you hear the Night demon struck again yesterday?" A student said. 
 "Yeah, and this time it's target was a level six student." 
 "Doesn't that mean it has to be one of the level eights who is behind it, most likely a second year as well?" 
 "Well, that's the thing right, people are trying to guess his ability but they have no clue. Because he hasn't even used it once during a fight." 
 "But I heard it was super strength." 
 "I heard it was super speed." 
 "Well, it can't be both, can it? The theory is that the armour he's wearing significantly improves his stats, so it might perhaps just be a normal student. They say it's a weak student who used to be bullied, but perhaps came across a treasure. At the demon tier armoured level." 
 "Is that where the name comes from?" 
 "Well, I think it was based more on his appearance, but more and more people are thinking of this theory. After all, if they were this strong all along, why act now?" 
 Of course, the person the students were talking about was none other than the infamous Night Demon. Quinn was amazed at how quick it had spread and was pleased with the results. Less bullying was happening around the school and it was all because of him. When he first found out he had gained so much power, this was what he wanted to accomplish. The problem was that many things kept popping up and getting in his way. And there was always the chance he would meet someone stronger. 
 But right now, he felt a little invincible, when comparing himself to the students. 
 Finally, Quinn had arrived at the forging house. There were a few times he had come by before, just to check if it was done any earlier, but Alex would always give the same reply, telling him to bugger off and wait the initial two weeks. 
 "Can you count?" Alex would say. "Then stop bothering me or it will only take longer." 
 It was like a little kid who was too excited about receiving his christmas presents and was asking someone if he could get them earlier. 
 Now when Quinn arrived at the forger he would always wait for his reply before entering. There were a few things he noticed, Alex always used the same forging room. Apparently, the other forgers knew of this as well. Alex wasn't exactly popular with the others. He was known to be quite crazy, things always had to be done a certain way and always needed to be put in a certain place. There weren't many who were willing to work with him. 
 Based on their first meeting as well, Quinn kind of understood why. A few loud knocks were placed on the door, and Alex told him to come in, as he was already expecting him. The furnace wasn't burning like last time, and on the table, Quinn could see a few items. There were a couple of gauntlets that looked identical to his old pair. The only difference was they weren't all scratched up like the last time he had seen them, and then there were also the duel swords. Rather than just one, though, there were four blades kept out on the table. 
 "Are these them?" Quinn asked while looking at the gauntlets, a bit disappointed that they looked exactly the same as his old ones. 
 "No, you dingus," Alex replied. "There was another reason why your gauntlets took longer than the usual time frame. After seeing the weapons you gave me, I wanted to know what made them so special. After melting it down, I was even more struck back. As there was a material mixed in that I had never seen or heard of before. I tried searching on the marketplace for it but still couldn't find anything like it. I thought you had cheated me and I was nearly going to sell your advanced crystals on the marketplace to make up for your lies." 
 "You were going to do what!" Quinn shouted. 
 "Calm down," Alex replied. "I didn't okay. After melting down the swords you gave me, I noticed that they used the same material in them as well. It started to make me think, maybe you didn't know about this afterall. In the end, I tried searching for a replacement that could come out with something of similar quality and the only thing that worked finally, was Glathrium. The reason I did this was that I wanted to replicate the techniques and materials used in the creation of your advanced tier weapon. As you can see the results were great." 
 Using his inspect skill, Quinn could indeed see that the gauntlets had the same exact stats as the ones from the shop. This made him believe he had made the right choice in choosing Alex for the job. His gut feeling was right. 
 "Unfortunately, Glathrium is extremely expensive, and I only had enough material to create two pairs of short swords, a pair of gauntlets and your advanced tier ones. So, unfortunately, I won't be able to make any more of these until I sell the gauntlets and swords. So the plan might just take a little longer." Alex explained. 
 This was good for Quinn. Right now he was in no rush to get money in the first place, but was happy that Alex had managed to find a replacement for the unknown material. It was most likely something that was only found on the vampire's planet. However, this might turn out to be for the better. If a vampire was to get a hold of Alex's weapons, perhaps they would be able to see the difference and just claim it as a coincidence. After all, there were slight differences here and there, but the overall shape was similar. 
 "Take one." Alex said. 
 Quinn was surprised by this. When he first met Alex, he thought he was a greedy person, one who would do anything for money, and now he was telling him to take one. 
 "Don't look at me like that." Alex said. "I'm confident in the work I've put into these, I know once a few of these sell on the market place, we can start upping the price as word gets around. You were right. I never wanted to work for one of those crummy families in the first place, being my own boss sounds much nicer, and you gave me this opportunity. Now pick one before I change my mind." 
 Quinn looked at the weapons, he wasn't going to pick the gauntlets since he would be getting a new pair anyway, so instead, he used his inspect skill on the two pairs of swords to see if there was a difference on either pair. It turned out there was. 
 "I'll take these two then," Quinn said. 
 Alex was now looking at Quinn carefully, seeing if he could figure him out or not, and Quinn was wondering if he had done something wrong. Out of the two, only one of them had an active skill, so he decided to go for them, and later he would give the weapons to Vorden. 
 During the creation process, Alex could tell only one of these had an Active skill. 
 "I don't know if you're extremely lucky, or you actually know a thing or two about forging," Alex said but didn't care to go further. "Oh well, I did say you could have one." 
 When forging, even at Alex's level, there wasn't always a guarantee that the final product would have an active skill. The more skilful a forger was and the better the quality of crystals was, the higher chance there was, but still it was never a hundred percent. This fact made Quinn worry a bit as he wanted to see his advanced tier gauntlets. 
 Putting the swords away in his Dimensional space, Quinn was ready. Alex cleared the table of the other weapons and then, from underneath his work bench, he had brought out the new advanced gauntlets. 
 Looking at them, one could tell that they were a thing of beauty. 
 "I tried to keep to a similar design as your last pair. I used a red dye with the metal to keep the base of the color of the same. Around the scale like patterns, there is a small silver finish on each end and finally as if a volcano ready to erupt, you have blue lines of energy flowing through it at the fingertips down to the forearm." Alex explained. "Those crystals you gave me, I don't know if you got them or someone else did, but it's clear they knew what they were doing. Each of the crystals came from a beast with a lightning element. At the same time, they all must have had different attributes that allowed them to create the ideal gauntlets. Strong skin, sharp tips. 
 "This is a complete Way Original created by me. This is another reason why I let you have one of the weapons. I want to thank you for how much fun it was to work on such a thing of beauty." 
 Looking at the new gauntlets, Quinn couldn't wait to use his inspect skill. It had to have an active skill from the way Alex was describing things. 
 'Leo, wherever you are, thank you for your help.' He prayed. 
 Opening his eyes, this was the moment Quinn had been waiting for. 
 [Inspect] 
 […] 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 377 What I wan 
 [Inspect] 
 [Advanced tier gauntlets] 
 [Name: Red Voltaic Gauntlets] 
 [Strength +10] 
 [Defence +6] 
 [Active skill: Thunder coat] 
 [Thunder coat is an active skill. When activated it will charge up the gauntlets using the power of the melted beast crystals. The blue lines on the gauntlets overcharge themselves, releasing a coat of electricity, shocking the user. This skill does not affect the user in any way. Skill cooldown 30 minutes. The cooldown may be shortened, If an additional source of energy or outside source of energy is used to charge the Gauntlets.] 
 Reading the description, Quinn was over the moon with the results. It was more than he was expecting, and he was finding it hard to hold his smile in. Alex noticed this as well, and now his suspicions were confirmed. For whatever reason, it seemed like Quinn had an eye for things. 
 He couldn't have been a forger himself though, otherwise, why would he have the need to seek him out. Alex thought. He thought Quinn was a strange character, but he had now started to grow to like him. Not only because of the opportunity he had presented, but also because he was the first customer that had truly appreciated his work. 
 Quinn couldn't be upset. First, the gauntlets increased his strength by a whole ten points. This meant his strength would now be at fifty when being used, putting him up to the next bracket. Then there was the active skill. It wasn't just any active skill though; it was an elemental one. These were one of the more rare types of active skills available. 
 Now, Quinn understood what Alex was talking about. How all the beasts having the same elemental attribute helped him in creating the weapon. Once more he couldn't help but thank Leo enough for supplying him with the crystals. If he was on his own, it would have nearly been impossible to come up with the money, or hunt the beats to obtain such things. 
 "I feel sorry for whoever is going to be your first test subject with these things. I think you're the only first-year student I know with advanced tier gauntlets." Alex said. 
 Quinn wanted to test the equipment straight away, however, there was a problem. If he went out as the Night demon, he wouldn't be able to use it. They were a dead giveaway that would lead back to him, eventually. If he used it in the game or at night, then people would be able to relate the things back to him. So he would just have to save them in his inventory for now. 
 "Thank you." Quinn said with his hand held out. In the end, the whole thing hadn't really cost him anything and he could tell this would be a great partnership for the future. 
 "For the future." Alex said, shaking his hand back. 
 **** 
 When lessons were finally over, there was still a time period between when the sky would turn dark. Usually, Quinn would use this time to play the VR game, but instead today, he had decided to head back to his dorm room. There he waited patiently until Vorden had finally returned as well. 
 "Long time no see." Vorden said. "I thought you would be playing that game again today?" 
 "Hah, yeah sorry about that." Quinn replied. "You know what's going on. Anyway, forget about that Vorden. I wanted to give you something to help you out. After all, if it wasn't for you and your family, I would have never been able to fight in that tournament, here." Quinn said as he put forward both of his hands. 
 Shadows started to form, and when they disappeared, two short swords had appeared. The two short swords had the same shape to them, they were quite thick and had a slight curve going to the top. Near to the hilt, an arrow design was seen on the base of the sword. However, the two swords were entirely different colours. While one sword was black with the arrow being white, the other was white with the arrow at the base being black. 
 Vorden wasn't going to say no to a free gift. He actually felt like Quinn owed him something ever since he was nearly killed by him on the red portal planet. But he wasn't going to bring that up now. He took up the two swords and thought, all though they were thick and looked heavy they were actually incredibly light. 
 Vorden then started to perform a few slashes in the air with them. At first, they were slow as if he was testing the weight of the things, but eventually, he started to speed up. With each strike, the sound of the wind could be heard, and it was only getting louder and faster until he eventually stopped. 
 "Sorry I got a little carried away there. It's been a long time since I used weapons." Vorden said. "It also seems like the two different swords are giving me a different boost. The black sword is giving me raw power and strength, while the white sword is giving me speed." 
 "Well, as expected, you're good with everything." Quinn replied. "There's also an active skill, but I'll let you figure that out for yourself. I think they'll come in handy for when you don't have an ability on hand. There aren't always going to be people around you, and you're good at close combat, so these look more than perfect for you. I can only see it as a plus that they will make you more versatile." 
 What Quinn said had made sense. The only thing Vorden needed now was a trendy belt and sheath around his waist, or maybe one around his back where he could put the weapons in. He hadn't been spending his allowance that his family sent him regularly, and he was surprised it still hadn't stopped. So he should have enough to buy some himself. 
 "Thanks for this Quinn these are great, though if you can, maybe you should make a bow for Layla at some point." Said Vorden. 
 "Don't worry, I plan to. I owe you all for how much you've helped me so far. By the way, how are the others?" Quinn asked. 
 "Others?" Vorden said, looking confused for a second, then he quickly realised that Quinn was referring to Raten and Sil. He had forgotten that Quinn knew about his secret. 
 "They are troublemakers, but they're doing fine." Vorden replied. 
 The two of them remained in the room and decided to catch up with each other a bit. After all, they hadn't really talked to each other for the past two weeks. Soon the sun started to set and finally, it was pitch black outside. 
 "All right, I better get going to the VR centre again," Quinn said as he lifted his arms up and got off the bed. 
 "Quinn, I know you're not going to the VR centre," Vorden said. "I know you're the Night Demon or whatever they call it. Look, I'm not going to tell you to stop. What you're doing has actually had a positive impact on the entire school, but I just want to warn you. Whatever you do, don't use your shadow powers. 
 "I know it's quite obvious as to why, but it's more serious than you think. After we found out about what Duke had done to Peter, I started to look into things a bit more and discovered the school isn't normal. Sure bullying and discrimination happen at all bases, and even in the outside world, but I have never seen it this extreme before." 
 "I already told you this before, but I got in contact with my brother just to confirm it, and when he went to his military school at another base, they didn't turn a blind eye as much as these teachers do. This whole thing, with the bullying and the second-year students being involved. It's more like an organized crime ring. If Duke finds out you're interfering with it, then he might come after you personally." 
 Quinn wasn't ignoring his words, but continued to walk towards the door, and he then opened it, but before closing it, he spoke. "Good, because that's exactly what I want," Quinn said as he closed the door. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 378 As Storng as Leo 
 After leaving his dorm room, Quinn decided to do the usual. Only this time, he decided to head up to the school roof instead so he could get a better view of everything that was going on. With the Night demon's name being known well, there were hardly any cases of public bullying going on during the school time. 
 Usually, Quinn would pay attention while in school, to choose his next few targets. So instead the only thing he could do right now was rely on those that wished to actually face the Night demon, or hide their actions in secret. His improved eyesight with his level three inspect skill was extremely helpful when looking out for things. But there was one thing that was even better than that: His hearing 
 Before his hearing was excellent but all the conversation around him would be heard all at once and it was hard for him to concentrate. Then he realised something. When practising his Qi control in the morning he entered a special state. If he entered the current state now, and moved the Qi to focus on his ears, he found it easy to hone in and focus on all the conversations that were going on at once. 
 Ever since the incident at the hospital, not only had his Qi control gotten better, but also he hadn't suffered from the so-called blood addiction like he had suspected. He still didn't understand what happened that day, but he continued his daily practice. Still, his aura never looked the same, being a mix of white and red making a soft pink colour. Some of the two substances hadn't completely combined together, just yet. Some of the red could be seen swirling around the pink sized basketball. 
 But because his understanding of Qi was so small, he had no clue what it meant. 
 Just when Quinn thought that perhaps there would be no one out tonight, he heard a voice off in the distance. 
 "No, no! What are you doing!" A girl screamed. 
 After locating where the sound was coming from, off in the distance Quinn could see a boy and two girls. One of the girls was dragging the other along by the hair, while the other boy just continued to watch and laugh while throwing out insults. 
 Now having chosen his target, Quinn disappeared. For one second a figure could be seen on the roof, and in the next, he was gone. 
 The girl continued to drag along the other by the hair. It looked like this time, they were heading out further than usual. Most of the bullying that happened so far, hadn't been too far from the school grounds. 
 'Is it because they're afraid of me?' Quinn thought as he continued to follow. 
 They had ventured out of the park, past the convenience store. At first, it looked like they were about to head to the main plaza of the city, but they started to take a detour. Finally, they had reached what looked like a construction site. It was an under developed construction building that was yet to be completely built and only had several piles of dirt moved off to the side. So the area was very open. There was a metal fence that had been temporarily built surrounding all of it, but it was easy to move it to get inside. The fence was there just to show that it was a construction zone. 
 'Something's not right.' Quinn thought. As the three people were walking they were constantly looking around them, trying to find someone. At first, Quinn thought it was just because they were scared that the Night demon could come out at any second, but they were looking far too much, as if they were expecting him to come. 
 Not only that, but as soon as they had reached the construction site, Quinn could smell another person there waiting behind one of the piles of mud. 
 'It's a trap.' Although Quinn knew it was a trap this was what he was waiting for. 
 "Come on you slut!" The girl student said. "Who said a low level like you could talk to my boyfriend." She continued to pull the student's head, and in dramatic fashion, the other one continued to scream. 
 "You can stop with the bad acting." A deep voice off from the side said. 
 As all three of them turned around they could see the Night Demon. The girl immediately let go and they all stepped back, slightly shaken. 
 "He's real." The boy said. 
 "Get out of here, I don't want to mess with you. I'm waiting for the person behind that pile of dirt." Quinn said. 
 "Oh, you knew I was here, and you're very confident as well." Out from behind the pile of dirt an adult came out and leant up against the side of it. He had a large black afro on the top of his head and was wearing square shaped glasses on his face. But the main thing that stood out about him was his uniform. He wasn't wearing the standard uniform like the students, instead, he was wearing the uniform the teachers wore. 
 On a closer inspection, Quinn could also see on his shoulder, his rank. He wasn't just a normal teacher like Del, but at the sergeant level like Leo. 
 "You should know who I am." The man said. "But just to remind you, a student should know his place and it's a grave offence to hurt a sergeant. I'm Dillan Wyte. Sergeant under the command of general Duke." 
 There wasn't a need for him to declare who he was, Quinn already knew he was a sergeant from the second year. The reason for saying his name and position was to intimidate him. They knew a student was behind all the attacks, but Quinn wasn't faced one bit. 
 The three students had quickly run off the construction site, fearing that they might get caught up, however, they stayed to watch the fight, hiding behind a few of the metal sheets, peeking through the holes. 
 "You're In serious trouble young man," Dillan said as he placed his hand on the pile of dirt. 
 "I was about to say the same thing," Quinn replied. 
 Activating his ability, Dillan was able to make multiple small blocks that looked like bricks shoot out from the pile, like a machine gun. If Quinn was able to use his shadow this would be easy for him to deal with however he could not. 
 Instead, he relied on his speed and power. A mixture of flash steps to avoid certain bricks and his fists to block the bricks from hitting his vital parts. Occasionally, a few would hit him but the damage was minimal. 
 [92/95 HP] 
 [90/95 HP] 
 If the attack was able to hit him cleanly then it would have done a lot of damage quickly but that wasn't the case. The sergeant couldn't believe what he was seeing. 
 'Is his power really super speed, or maybe teleportation.' Dillan thought. 
 As Quinn got closer it was time for a change of tactic. The pile of dirt had gotten smaller in size, which was perfect for him. Now he was able to control it easier, forming two giant hands slightly taller than a human out of it. The two hands reached out to grab Quinn from both sides and it seemed like there was no chance for him to escape. 
 However, another flash step was performed by Quinn, avoiding the blow completely as the two hands collided into each other, and before Dillan knew it, Quinn was directly by his side. A fist was thrown out fast and planted right into Dillan's stomach. Although the blow had landed, Dillan had remained in the position he was in. 
 "Ha, that's advanced tier armour under their boy. Your weak attack with your fist isn't going to hurt me." Dillan said with a smile on his face. 
 "Advanced tier armour you say. Well, that means I can punch at full strength." Quinn replied, pulling back his other arm. 
 The next second another fist was planted into him and the blow felt three times heavy than the last. This time his legs were lifted off the ground. The blows didn't stop there as they carried on coming. 
 He was getting hit too fast to even react to it. 
 "Punches aren't the only thing I can do!" Quinn shouted, as he delivered a kick to Dillan's face while he was still in the air. The front of his foot hooked onto his head, and Quinn managed to fling him down onto the ground so hard, his body bounced lightly off the solid ground. 
 Coughing out blood from his mouth, Dillan knew he was in trouble. He quickly placed his hand on the floor and shifted himself away with the ground to the other side. "Who …the hell…is this.. How are they so strong. I shouldn't have gone easy, I have to use my soul weapon." 
 But suddenly, Dillan realised he couldn't see Quinn who was on the other side. 
 "You think I would let you do that?" 
 While still on the ground, surging the energy from his feet, lifting it up through his body, Quinn started to perform the hammer strike, only this time downward. A loud crack was heard as the ground beneath him started forming little fissures and the armour had been broken. 
 It was Like a hammer hitting a nail on the ground, and Dillan was no longer conscious. 
 [Congratulations] 
 [10,000 exp awarded] 
 [22470/51200] 
 "Well, I knew he wouldn't level me up based on no quest being received." 
 The three students who had been watching couldn't believe it. They were waiting for the sergeant to get up any second now, but he remained on the floor unmoving. They knew they were in danger and didn't want to stay there any longer, thus they decided to bolt out of the area. 
 It was easy for Quinn to catch up to them and stop them but he didn't want to. He wanted Duke to find out about this. He needed someone stronger than a sergeant. 
 As Quinn left the scene by himself, he started to think about the sergeant's strength he had just fought. Sure he had underestimated him and hadn't used his soul weapon, but Quinn hadn't used his blood or shadow abilities either. He really had grown in strength. But what he really wanted to do was compare them to the vampires he had met. 
 Based on his experience on knowledge from the system, earlier he would say the sergeants were at the same strength as a vampire noble. Leo of course was an anomaly. His power was far greater than a sergeant but remained at that rank for personal reasons. He would then have to put a general's strength at the level of the Vampire knights the system had talked about, similar to Fex's sister. Then you had the eight head generals, where their strength was the same as that of a Vampire lord, which was also known as a leader. This would then mean that he would have to place the vampire king at the level of the supreme commander. 
 It was probably because of the power levels around the world being so equal, that none of these forces had decided to attack each other. They were just waiting for one or the other to weaken. This, however, was only a theory by Quinn. He had no clue how strong the vampire kings or leaders actually were and that included the generals. But soon, he felt like he would face his toughest challenge yet. 
 It was late at night when Duke had finally received the message about what had happened to one of his sergeants. He was at his desk enjoying a drink thinking everything was over, but as soon as one of his other sergeants had informed him, he crushed the glass in his hand, shattering it everywhere. 
 "Would you like me to ask one of the other sergeants to try to deal with this sir." A man said by his side. 
 "No, no need. I want to deal with this runt personally by myself and this time, I won't let him live." Duke said. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 379 Calling him out! 
 It wasn't long before the entire school had found out about the incident. Duke's team had tried to keep it under wraps but it was impossible to keep something as shocking as this a secret. The people most to blame were the three students who had witnessed everything at that time. 
 It was an unbelievable site to them that they felt the need to just share it with everybody. 
 "Did the Night demon really defeat a sergeant?" 
 "Yeah, and apparently there were no abilities used either, again. No one still has any clue who it is." 
 "Does that mean the rumour about him having demon tier equipment is true?" 
 "Or maybe he just has an overall enhancing ability. You know, nothing special but just being a superhuman all together." 
 "Anyway, that's not the big issue. The problem is now a teacher was involved, and it was one of Duke's men. This might just get serious." 
 The students' hunches were right. Instead of the standard normal lessons that the kids would have all day, they were called out to one of the training fields instead. This included first year as well as the second-year students. The field was mainly used for the second years for combat practice and all other sorts of training. While the first years mostly used an indoor centre. 
 The field was extensive and was large enough to hold every single student in school there. All of them were lined up in their homeroom classes on one side. While the sergeants and two generals stood opposite them. Now there were only three sergeants on either side. 
 Dillan from the second years was taking a break and still recovering. Although the truth was Duke didn't want someone who had embraced and failed him standing by his side. And from the first years, they still hadn't filled in Leo's replacement yet. 
 Duke stood forward and was the first one to speak. 
 "You are all here today because of me. At first, I wasn't going to make a big deal about this but as I'm sure you all already know something horrible happened to Dillan yesterday." At first, Duke had never planned on doing something like this, but as soon as he heard that all of the students already knew about yesterday's events, he decided to change his plan. 
 "Yesterday, Dillan was investigating a bullying case between some second-year students, while trying to stop it, an unknown person had chosen to interfere. I hear people refer to him as the Night Demon. For some reason, this person chose to attack and gravely injure one of our sergeants." 
 Hearing this, the students started to whisper amongst themselves, especially those in the first year. 
 "But I thought the Night Demon only went after bullies?" 
 "Yeah, I was saved by him and he didn't even touch me, he didn't even let me say thank you." 
 "The teachers have never tried stopping these bullying acts before. Who is the general trying to fool?" 
 "I hear some of you think of this person as a hero." The Duke continued. "But I assure you he is not. He doesn't care about any of you. He has his own agenda in all of this. Why did he only appear now, where was he before? And now his true colours are being shown as he started to attack innocent people as well." 
 "I'm here now to ask the Night Demon to come forward. If you do, then your punishment will be lightened, however, if you do not. You can't blame me for my actions." Duke said. 
 One of the students hearing all this was getting angrier as he heard Duke carry on. This student was Bill. The first student who was saved by the Night demon. Although the others didn't know this, he was also the one who spread the name and rumours after noticing that the Night demon continued to do these vigilante acts. 
 He thought if he continued to spread out the good word, maybe he could help others. Not only that, but the Night Demon had kept his word. One day, the bullies after a while had tried to target him again. However, just like before, the Night Demon saved him again. Ever since that day he felt like he had a whole new life. He could start talking to other low levels like him. 
 Without the worry of who was backing them, or was behind them. The Night Demon changed his life, and he couldn't stand what lies the Duke was saying about him. He clenched his fist and then did something he never thought he would do. 
 "That's a lie!" Bill shouted out from the silenced crowd. "The Night demon has only ever attacked those that have done bad. If Dillan got hurt, then I will believe that he deserved it." 
 The other students around started to look at the person who was speaking up, and when they did, they noticed it was a frail little boy who only had a power level of two. Some of the others who had been saved wanted to speak up but were afraid. Where was this person getting all his courage from they thought? 
 "I understand you saying where was the Night Demon at the start, when all of this happened, but then let me ask. Where were you!" Bill shouted. "Where were you when all of the bullying continued to happen? Where were you, our teachers, when our credits were stolen from us!" 
 Hearing this, Nathan's eyes opened up a little. He then went over to one of his sergeants standing by his side and whispered in their ear. 
 "I understand you want us to toughen up and experience what it's like in the real world. Perhaps making us realize we need the power to survive. Hoping to make us stronger, and that may work for some but not for all of us!!" Bill shouted as he broke down into tears and fell to his knees. It was clear he was pouring his heart and soul into every word he had said, and there were many in the crowd that could relate. 
 Suddenly, the ground underneath Bill's feet lifted about a foot in the air, creating a round platform, and he was quickly shifted to the front and was put directly in front of Duke. 
 "This person has openly supported the Night Demon, an attacker of our staff and possibly a terrorist. They shall be taken to the dungeon for punishment." Duke ordered. 
 Not only Bill, but the others had expected an outcome like this. It was currently a world ruled through power and fear and this was why they had chosen not to speak up and this was just another reminder for them of that. 
 "Don't do it." Vorden said as he could see Quinn who was standing in front of him fidgeting and looking around. "Not when everyone's watching." 
 "But… this isn't right," Quinn replied. 
 "I never said it was, unless you're confident you can do something about this and not get caught, then don't." 
 While Quinn was deciding on what to do, it turned out he might not have to get involved, anyway. 
 "Wait, Duke." Nathan said. "What that boy said is quite true. My team has been doing some research as well. We have always encouraged fighting and disputes to be handled with their fists, but that and bullying are two different things. Ever since the introduction of this 'Night Demon', bullying cases have been going down significantly." 
 "Not just that, but forcefully taking credits? It's fine for students to wager credits as they fight each other, but looking at this student, I truly believe that wasn't the case. I believe more research needs to go into this before we make such a rash decision. Perhaps it is because of our negligence that someone like the Night Demon felt like they had to act out." 
 Duke's fingers started to twitch as he heard Nathan speak. The one thing he didn't want to happen was for Nathan to run an investigation. Luckily, all his misdoings were run through the second years, who were under his authority. Nathan wouldn't touch them. If there was a first-year problem that was related to a second year, it would then be handed to the second year and Duke could silence the matter claiming he could do it and that it would be dealt with. 
 The problem was, if he came up with enough evidence such as to allow Paul or Mike to run their own separate investigation. 
 "That and this are two different things," Duke replied. "The Night Demon has attacked a member of my staff. A teacher, we hold up to a higher authority, if we allow them to do this and act out. Then what's stopping another one from acting out? As you can see people are already starting to." Duke said, while looking at Bill on the floor. 
 "If his credits really were stolen, then we can look into it as a single case matter. The main issue here is the Night Demon. I think you're making a bigger deal out of this bullying problem than it really is. Kids need to toughen up, and now more than ever, since the war is just around the corner." 
 Nathan had to stop himself from smiling. The truth was, he had been looking into Duke for a while now. He knew the day he met him there was something he just didn't like about him. However, somehow he was able to get on Truedream's good side, which also allowed him to be closer with Paul than himself. 
 If he was to bring up rumours or small trivial matters, they would just dismiss it. He needed something bigger and more proof. 
 "Okay then, let me ask. Who here has ever experienced bullying to the point where credits were forcefully taken from them." Nathan said. 
 The students remained silent, and not a single one put their hand up. Duke was inwardly celebrating. 
 'You have nothing on me, Nathan. For a second you thought you had me, didn't you?' He thought. 
 But then, a single student from one of the first years raised their hand. It was another student who had been saved by the Night Demon. Not only that, but they had been touched by what Bill had said. 
 After this, a few more hands were raised, and finally more and more started to come out. 
 "Enough!" Duke shouted as he stomped his foot on the ground, causing the whole floor to rumble slightly. The students were tilted slightly off-balance for a little bit, before regaining their footing. 
 "All of you are suspected of working with the Night Demon. You shall each be taken to the dungeon for further questioning." 
 "You can't do that!" Nathan shouted. "Most of those students are first-year students and they're under my control." 
 "Go ahead, Nathan." Duke replied. "What are you going to do, force me to stop? No, because you know you can't. Your little Blind man is no longer by you to help you in situations like these." 
 Nathan was beginning to curse at himself for not being strong enough. Paul currently wasn't at the base, and Mike was too busy leading the rest of the actual city and Army. He didn't have time to care about a few students going to the dungeon. With no one to report to and not being strong enough to stop him, there was nothing he could do. 
 As he looked down at the grass, a breeze of wind could be felt going past his hair and suddenly, he could see a shadow that wasn't there before on the ground. As he looked up, he could see the one they called the Night Demon. 
 "Duke, you wanted right? Here I am." 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 380 Duke's power 
 Not all of the students had seen the Night Demon before. For most of them, it was nothing but a myth. However, the countless stories from the students made people think twice before acting. Still, the scene in front of them now made all those doubts disappear as the Night Demon stood right in between Nathan and Duke. 
 "When the hell did he leave?" Vorden said, shaking his head. 
 "Haha, this kid is getting gutsier by the day I love it!" Raten said. "We need to do one better, come on you go out as well we need to one up him. Slap some kids, fight the second-year students, let's start a royal rumble." 
 "Well, Quinn. This might be a little difficult for you." Logan said. He too had been following the news of the Night Demon. As the creator of the outfit, he knew in an instant that it was Quinn. But he never thought it would be used to this extreme. "I know you said you got stronger from the hospital, but strong enough that you can win this without using your powers?" 
 "Quinn, I can feel that's you out there. I just hope you know what you're doing at not being foolish. But whatever you choose, if it gets too hard, I'm ready to help you." Layla said with Cia standing closely behind her. 
 Quinn had acted out based on emotion a little bit. When looking at Bill it reminded him of Peter. How at the time Peter was taken away to the dungeon, and he did nothing to stop it. In the end, it had put them in the situation that they were in now. He didn't want another person getting punished for what he had chosen to do, thus no matter what he had to come out and fight. He was going to do so anyway, and people were going to find out about it. 
 What difference did it make if it was in front of the school or wasn't? The only problem was Quinn was seriously disadvantaged. Not a single shadow power was allowed to be used. As the only known shadow user in the whole school, maybe the whole world, he would be found out in seconds. 
 While wearing the mask that covered his mouth and face, he was unable to use any of the charm skills. Phantom punch and Daze both required the use of eye contact. Still, he wasn't sure if they would be of much use against someone like Duke in the first place and finally the blood abilities. The main worry about this was displaying the vampire powers out to the entire world. 
 Quinn still wasn't sure or not, if he could use his status as a vampire leader to help him out, but he knew if he revealed one of their biggest kept secrets, they might never forgive him and the system seemed to have had the same opinion. 
 [New quest has been received] 
 [Defeat General Duke to gain an instant level up] 
 The quest had appeared, which meant the system deemed Duke powerful enough to be worthy of an instant level up. This was unlucky for Quinn, for it was the same problem he had at the tournament. If he was to defeat Duke here, his evolution process would begin. He wanted to defeat Duke away from the eyes of everyone like with the sergeant. 
 But he couldn't just stand back and do nothing, and even if he couldn't beat Duke completely, that wouldn't stop him from giving him a beating. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Ability: Earth] 
 [?????] 
 [????] 
 It looked like his inspect wasn't strong enough to give good details on Duke, which meant that Quinn needed to be careful. Most of the time, the enemy's Hp would appear. Allowing Quinn to know if he went too far or not. Fighting Duke meant there was a chance he might go too far. 
 The other thing it showed was his ability, but everyone already knew what that was. The Earth ability was sometimes deemed as weak by others, this was because of how widespread the ability was with the public and within the military itself. But it often made people forget that it was an elemental ability that was just as powerful as the lightning or fire powers, the other big four had. 
 There were a few people in the military that would remind people of that, one of them being the supreme commander and the other being Duke. 
 "Quickly, sergeants go over to the students and protect them, now we won't allow a single one to get hurt!" Nathan ordered, as he himself went towards Duke and grabbed Bill right in front of him. 
 "I hope you lose," Nathan thought, as he took Bill off to the side. 
 "Sir, would you like us to join in on this fight?" One of the second year sergeants asked. 
 "No, I'm going to crush this runt in front of everyone. Once they see how weak and pathetic he really is, it will stop all this nonsense going on!" 
 The sergeants moved to the side, and with the others cleared out of the way, there was a nice area for the two of them to fight. 
 The first one to make a move was Duke. However, what he had done was strange. He stomped his foot on the ground and then in an instant, a ball of earth from the ground wrapped around him. As he was surrounded by the solid ball, others were wondering what he was trying to do, and Quinn had a good idea. 
 Approaching the ball running at his full speed, he managed to cross the area in a few seconds. 
 "Is he even faster than before?" Layla said. "How did he get that strong so quick?" 
 When he was close to the ball, an odd movement could be seen on a section of the ball, as if it was alive. Suddenly, a spike appeared, shooting out of it at an amazing speed. Still, what was even more impressive was Quinn who managed to dodge it. As he took a step back, the spike retracted back into the ball. 
 Nathan, who was standing by the side, knew what Duke was doing; he wanted to shout out and give the Night Demon advice, but he couldn't even if he wanted to. If he did, then it would only make his entire case invalid when going after Duke. They could try to claim the whole thing was set up by him. 
 Taking a step forward a spike immediately came out from the earth ball again, but Quinn was able to move his head slightly avoiding it. But that wasn't the only one. More and more started to shoot out from the ball and retract at amazing speed, while Quinn carried on running around it dodging every attack. 
 Eventually, inching his way closer and closer to the ball, his movements were slight, so no energy was wasted. 
 "Who is this Night Demon?'' Hayley said, standing next to Nathan. "How could a student be strong enough to match up against a general like this, we don't have a student like this even out of the second years correct?" 
 "I don't know…" Nathan said. "At first I thought it might have been one of the sergeants, but everyone here is accounted for. And I see no reason to have the soldiers outside of the school get involved in this. What's even stranger is they're trying their best to hide their ability no matter what. It's clear it's a student that doesn't want to get caught." 
 "I understand what you're saying but look." Fay interrupted. "I think you missed something, look at his hands, and look at his feet. Other than that thin overall black suit he is wearing nothing is covering them, and those are just the standard boots. He hardly has any beast gear on at all, so how is he so fast, and he might have the power to back it up as well." 
 "Maybe the rumours of him finding a demon tier chest piece, or level of equipment are true after all." Nathan replied. 
 Finally, Quinn had managed to reach close enough to the ball to get a punch in. Using all the strength he had, he whacked the ball. A few cracks were made where he had punched and a small dent appeared, but there was no significant damage. The spikes continued to come out at him but this time; he decided to use his strength to hit the spikes on the side before they could reach him, breaking them apart and causing them to fall to the floor. 
 The spikes were being made from the earth coming from the solid ball, so now the thickness and strength of the ball was growing weaker. After breaking off a few of the spikes, Quinn punched again and again, causing the dent to get larger and cave inwards even more. 
 "You were right," Nathan said. "He really does have power. I've never seen anyone being able to break the ball before." 
 Finally, noticing that he had significantly weakened a part of the ball. Quinn lifted his leg above his head and swept it down as fast as he could, hitting a section of the ball with the heel of his foot. 
 The concave area had broken, and slowly cracks started appearing throughout the whole ball until finally, the whole thing had crumbled. Still, something had caused Quinn to jump back, and this something had started worrying him. 
 Now Quinn finally understood what Duke was doing under the ball all this time, he was activating his soul weapon. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 381 Weak punch 
 Ever since that day, when his Qi had mixed in with his blood, Quinn's senses had been sharper than ever. It was as if the Qi was activating on its own at times, and right now he was feeling the same thing. As soon as the strange mud ball had broken, his senses were telling him to fall back, and he did well to listen to them by moving out of the way. 
 Standing in front of him now was Duke. The reason for being in the ball for so long was to ensure that he had enough time to equip his soul weapon. Right now, from head to toe, his body was covered in a strange rock like substance. His size was nearly twice the size of what he was before, and the only humane feature that could be seen on him was his eyes. 
 He looked like some type of rock beast made out of well..rocks. 
 'I guess he's not going to take it easy on me the same way as the sergeant did. That armour looks sturdy and I don't have my gauntlets either. This is going to be a hard one.' Quinn thought. 
 Suddenly, as Duke lifted his hand, giant columns of rock appeared shooting out from underneath, moving and swerving left and right and right at the very tip of the column, it was slightly larger making the bendy columns look like Snakes. The way they moved also resembled that of a snake as well. 
 Moving his hand, one of the large snakes moved forward and started slithering fast against the floor. Quinn was waiting for the right moment, to use his flash step to avoid the strike, but then suddenly, the head opened its mouth, and several Slab like bricks came shooting out of it. 
 Performing the flash step earlier than planned, Quinn moved away from most of the attacks, but he was unprepared for the other rock snake that was also going for him. Using its large head, it managed to slam into his body at great speed. 
 [80/95HP] 
 The blow was powerful, and the snake continued to push both it and Quinn across the floor. Using one hand, Quinn managed to harden his fingers so much that he had dug his hand into the head of the snake. Then, with the other, he started to perform the motions of the hammer strike. He knew a normal punch wouldn't be enough. 
 "Get off me!" Quinn shouted, as a large and powerful Bang was heard, pieces of rock flew everywhere as the snake's head and weight was flung off to the side. 
 "When did Quinn get that much strength?" Vorden thought. "How is someone able to grow that quickly in such a short amount of time?" 
 Still, while Vorden was wondering about Quinn, it seemed like Duke was relaxing at the other side of the field while Quinn was having a hard time. 
 Looking around him, Quinn had noticed that the other snake had suddenly gone missing, but before everyone else could, with his sensitive ears, Quinn could hear rumbling and it was coming from underneath. 
 "Flash step." 
 The ground started shaking and out from below the other large snake popped up. If he hadn't dodged it in time, he would have been hit. 
 'Damn, he's like a little rat!' Duke thought. 
 "Hitting the snakes is useless, even if I take them down, he'll just make another one. What I need to do is to go after the person that's controlling them!" Quinn thought as he started to run as fast as he could towards Duke. 
 Just as before, the snakes opened their mouths and started to shoot out multiple slabs at Quinn. By using a mixture of his speed, strength and flash steps he was able to avoid most of the blows, but still got hit now and then. Compared to when fighting Dillan though, there were far more slabs so he was getting hit more often. 
 [78/95] 
 [76/95] 
 [70/95] 
 Still, Quinn didn't let that deter him. Every time he got hit by a slab, he kept his target in sight and carried on going towards Duke. Then, at one point, the snakes finally stopped firing. He was now too close to Duke. 
 Using the momentum, Quinn jumped up in the air, and swung his body out while performing a spinning roundhouse kick, it was a move that would allow him to produce the most power in an instant, and would be too fast for Duke to block. 
 "Yes, he's got him!" Bill thought. 
 The kick slammed right into Duke's side, and a few cracks appeared. But he hadn't even been moved a single inch from his spot, and even the cracked markings on his soul weapon had healed in an instant. It looked as if Quinn had never hit him in the first place. 
 "You're an idiot!" Duke said, as he threw out a fist towards Quinn. 
 Surprisingly, the fist was incredibly fast for his size and the only way Quinn could avoid the blow was by performing another flash step. 
 "What do you think this is?" Duke said arrogantly. "You will never be able to do any harm to me. Underneath my soul weapon, I even have king tier armour protecting me. Your weak punches and kicks will do nothing." 
 Quinn hated to admit it, but the way he was now, a normal punch wouldn't do anything. He didn't have his gauntlets, and he doubted the normal hammer strike would be able to do much either. 
 'Should I just run away? He'll never be able to catch me right?' 
 Quickly, he caught glimpses of all the people he had helped so far, he could see the look on their faces. They were all deeply worried about him, not just them but his friends, Layla, Vorden and Logan. Before he never had this, he never had people who were concerned and worried for him. 
 'I'm not going to run away. At least not until I give this guy one good punch!' Quinn thought. 
 "Let me show you what a real punch is like." Duke said as he lifted his hand in the air. Pieces of rock rose from the ground and some parts of the snake started to form around Duke's fist. Doubling it in size, creating a giant fist. 
 "I don't understand?" Hayley said. "Won't that just make his fist heavy, not stronger or faster?" 
 "You're wrong," Nathan replied. "You see, the top earth users have complete control over earth. By covering his entire hand, he can use his ability to push the earth as fast as possible. It's as if he was moving a ton of weight at the speed of his regular punch, while also being enhanced by his beast gear underneath. It's best if the Night Demon gets out of there now." 
 The two snakes stood behind him like a wall, waiting for Quinn to make a break for it. But never for a second did Quinn think about running away. 
 "You're right, Duke. I was an idiot to think my weak punches were ever enough to stop you. I'm sorry for not giving it everything I've got!" 
 Ignoring the silly taunts, Duke started to swing his giant fist towards Quinn. It was moving at the normal speed of a regular punch, which shocked everyone that was watching. How could something so large move like that, it was as if the wind didn't exist? 
 Quinn slammed his foot down hard on the ground, which caused a small crater to be formed. He then allowed the energy to rise up inside him. This time, it wasn't just his strength added to it. The red blood energy was rising too. If he wanted to hurt Duke, he had no choice but to perform the Blood Hammer strike. 
 The Blood energy then started to shift from his toes to one of his hands. Then something strange happened. Something unexpected, but it was too late for Quinn to stop now. The strange pink Qi energy started to move about with the Blood energy. Still, Quinn didn't care about it and continued trying to perform the strongest punch he could possibly do. 
 "Blood hammer strike!" Snapping back and firing off his other hand like a shotgun, an extremely loud thunderous clap was heard. The two fists had collided. 
 There was no equal force of power, as one of them was the clear winner. Duke's giant stone fist immediately started to crumble, as all of the earth used to create it was shot backwards. 
 Screams were heard as giant pieces of rocks started to crash and fall to the ground, and dust had also been thrown up everywhere. 
 "What happened?!." 
 "Did the Night Demon die?" 
 "Is everyone okay!'' Nathan shouted out. As the two fists had hit, a large dust cloud had spread out blocking everyone's view. The only thing that they could hear and see was the thunder clap and the large rocks falling on the floor. 
 As the dust started to settle. The place where the Night Demon once was, he was now nowhere to be seen. Then Nathan and all the others quickly went to look at Duke. 
 Gasps were heard throughout the whole crowd at what they were seeing. 
 "Someone get the doctor quick!" One of the sergeants called. 
 A pool of blood was at Duke's feat and his whole right arm from his shoulder was no longer there. 
 "I'll KILL THAT BAST*RD!!" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 382 The result of the figh 
 While dust had blocked everyone's vision, Quinn had to act fast and there were more reasons for this than just one. Truthfully, he wanted to continue the fight but now when looking at his right hand, it had completely shattered. The skin had been torn off and the bones had fractured completely as well. 
 'The attack, what was that, did the blood mix in with the Qi?' he thought. It was clear though that his body was unable to handle this power currently. With no protection from gauntlets whatsoever, Quinn's fist had also taken Duke's attack head on, which might have had something to do with it as well. 
 But this wasn't the reason why he had to stop fighting, he had already used up his blood bank skill in an instant and his arm was already starting to heal on the spot. It was a lot of damage but this wound was nowhere near fatal and Quinn could continue on. That was of course, if it wasn't for the fact that part of his suit had been destroyed in the punch as well. 
 The suit was designed to cover him from head to toe, there would be no gaps. The attack however, caused the suit to break which meant outside in the middle of the day, his skin was exposed to the sunlight. He was far weaker than he once was. Still, Quinn was a lot faster than a regular human, even with the sun outside. His stats had improved so much so that he was as strong as when he had first evolved. 
 The dust was a big bonus and while it was starting to settle Quinn was able to rejoin back with the others. Everyone was far too focused looking at the fight ahead to notice he wasn't there and someone had returned. In fact, many of the students were jumbled up , as they would constantly move out of order, to get a better view of the fight. The teachers had no control over the students and it had become slightly chaotic as soon as the Night Demon appeared. When it started to get intense towards the end. They started to scramble in fear as objects and debris came flying their way. 
 Returning to the line, Vorden had found Quinn and could see him wearing his new gauntlets. 
 'Is he covering up an injury from the fight?' Vorden thought. 
 It was a close guess but not quite. The gauntlets were covering part of his ripped uniform. Many of the other students had also drawn out their beast weapons, as some of the rocks from the fight had come out hurling towards their way, and they had used it to protect themselves. Although Nathan and the sergeants had done a good job in making sure the bulk of the flying debris didn't hit anyone. 
 When the dust had settled, that's when they finally saw it. Duke's arm that had completely been removed. 
 "Alright, everyone!" Nathan shouted. "Back to your dorm rooms now! You are to stay inside until further notice!" 
 The students quickly did as they were told, while the others went to care for Duke. It was more than eventful that evening to say the very least. As Quinn was left with the others a smile appeared on his face, as he pictured the anger on Duke's face. 
 'I didn't get the level up I needed, but I gave Duke what he deserved.' 
 When returning to the room, Vorden went to check on Quinn's arm but it had already completely healed and he seemed fine. Vorden wanted to lecture him, but he couldn't help but also smile as he pictured Duke's face. 
 Instead, he gave Quinn a high five. "Good job. He finally got a little payback." Vorden said. "But please don't give me a heart attack like that again, or at least warn me beforehand." 
 For the rest of the night, Quinn was trying to figure out, just what had happened when he had used the Blood hammer. Somehow, he had used his Qi in the attack as well. Right now it was too powerful for his body to handle, but he knew that it was incredibly strong. If he had some way to control it better, then it would allow him to just get that bit stronger. He had to learn to control it enough to a point where his body could handle an attack at that level. 
 The problem was, how would he practice as this wasn't something he could perform in the game. The Qi he could feel in the real world, didn't quite register in the system as well. It was just different. 
 The rest of the day, the students were told to remain indoors, they were expecting some type of announcement to be made but it never came. Instead, the next day they were told to just continue lessons as normal. However, it was nearly impossible. The classes were filled with people talking about what happened and a dreaded rumor had been spread. 
 That Duke's arm had completely gone. If his arm was simply detached from his body, the doctors would be able to do something and heal it back. But it turns out they were unable to find any trace of the arm at all, as if it was obliterated to pieces. With no regeneration ability, it was impossible for it to grow back. 
 A robotic arm could be used to replace it, but everyone knew for sure that for elemental users, their powers were channelled through their hands and legs. Missing a whole arm had significantly weakened his power. 
 The students who were told to go to the dungeon for sticking up for the Night Demon were now under the personal protection of Nate. He personally wouldn't allow anything to happen to them. He had sent out an emergency report to Paul and all he could do now was wait for his return. 
 With the way Duke currently was, he was in no condition to try to go against General Nathan and the other sergeants. The problem was, from that day onward, the whole school felt divided, not many interactions were done between the first year and the second year camps and it was unlikely Paul would return before the school term had ended either. 
 Quinn was able to get his suit repaired. Luckily, Logan had ordered the crystals whenever he had seen them pop online, expecting this to happen at one point or another. It was a clear problem with the suit. It was only at the basic tier after all and was easily damaged, which would hamper his skills in the daylight. 
 It just made Quinn aware that he needed to get the ring made as soon as possible. The only problem was it required the Deathbat crystals from the red portal planet, so it might be a long wait until he received them. 
 He of course no longer went out at night as the Night Demon. Duke would send out his sergeants to be on the lookout every night including the teachers. Not only that, but there was no longer any need for the Night Demon. Quinn had successfully done his job in quelling nearly all serious cases of bullying happening around the school. 
 If the Night demon was strong enough to do that to a general, then a student would stand no chance. This was the thought in their heads. For the remaining two weeks, all Quinn could do instead was to continue to train in the VR centre to gain exp. With no one starting any more fights, it was even hard for him to fight normally. If he did, then he would be the one causing problems starting fights. 
 Thinking back to the fight with Duke, Quinn could tell that he had improved a lot. Never in his life would he have dreamed of being able to do something like that. He had a good feeling that if he was able to use his blood abilities and shadow abilities from the start, he might have won. 
 In the end, he had run out of time and was unable to level up. However, he had learnt a lot about his Qi, gained new weapons and learnt an entire new shadow skill in that time. He was now ready. 
 The first day of summer was right around the corner. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 383 Off to a new world 
 Finally, it was the first day of summer. The school term had ended, and it was the only time students were allowed to leave the military base if they wanted to. All the students who had planned to leave would meet up on the second year field. On there, a large teleporter would be placed which would take them all to the same Earth station. 
 From there, students would make their own way to wherever they needed to go. However, Quinn had other plans and unlike the other students who were packing and getting ready to leave, Quinn was patiently waiting in his room for most of the students to go. It was already mid- day, and he had decided that he would get a nice long rest before heading out. 
 When he finally did wake up, he noticed that Vorden was no longer in his bed by his side. Most of the students were pretty excited that they would finally be able to go home and had packed beforehand, ready to go back any second. 
 'He must have gone back to his family, I wonder what Layla will do?' Quinn thought. Since she was no longer a part of Pure, and he had chosen not to inform her of his plans. 
 Luckily, before Vorden had left, Quinn had decided to ask for some blood to fill up his blood bank. He had actually also tried to get the materials to make the flask and ring in his item shop. But as expected, they were nearly impossible to find. He now realised why Fex was so happy when he had put up the crystals for sale. 
 'Hopefully, the vampire planet is a dark one.' 
 It should be, as Fex said, only when vampires reached a certain stage would they be sent out for a quest to obtain the materials for the ring. 
 Leaving his room, Quinn chose to look out of his window onto the field. The last few students that were remaining looked to be entering the portal with their belongings. He watched them go in one by one and time continued to pass. 
 "I'm just delaying it, aren't I?" 
 Everything Quinn needed was either in his system inventory or was in the dimensional space in the shadow. They had no clue where they would land once entering the portal, so it was best to be prepared. They might even just land in the middle of a whole vampire city, and they needed to be ready to explain themselves. 
 Finally, not wasting any more time, Quinn decided to enter Logan's room. 
 "Come in!" Logan said. 
 As Quinn opened the door, he was greeted with something he had never expected. Inside the room wasn't just Logan, but Vorden and Layla were there waiting as well. 
 "Huh? What are you guys doing here, aren't you going home?" Quinn asked, trying to figure out what was going on. 
 "No, they're not Quinn. I decided to tell them about what was happening because I knew you wouldn't. I told you before, they are equally invested in this, just as much as you are." Logan replied. 
 "He's right, Quinn," Vorden replied. "You should let us make our own choices, and you have to remember. Peter and Fex aren't just your friends, they're ours as well." 
 Layla then started to walk up to Quinn and looked him in the eyes. "You idiot!" She shouted. "Why do you think I wanted to turn myself in the first place? It's because of how weak I felt when being around you, how I felt hopeless. I did this thinking I could finally help you and then you go and chose to not tell me. We are part of the same problem, we have a connection." Layla said as she stopped and walked off back near the others, fearing that her emotions would have gotten the better of her. 
 "Look, I understand, but I was just looking out for you gu…." Quinn stopped in the middle of his sentence. He finally realised that what he was doing was exactly what they had done for him, when the vampires came for Fex. He remembered just how upset he was, when they didn't tell him, he felt the same way. 
 "You're right." Quinn said. "It's your decision, but Vorden, you can't copy vampire abilities, and other than Logan's which is difficult to use, it might be troublesome for you. These vampires are incredibly strong." 
 "Didn't you just give me these," Vorden said, turning around and showing the white and black curved swords on his back. "I'm pretty sure I can fend for myself. Not just that Quinn, what about you? If you get hurt you're going to need your little blood bank, right?" 
 Quinn didn't know why, but whenever he did need blood in the past, he used to always go to Vorden or Layla, as for Logan. He tended to avoid asking him the question. In a way, Logan's blood just didn't seem or sound as appetizing. It probably had something to do with his diet of strange sandwiches. 
 "So you all know what's happening then, right? About how they're going to kill Fex. I don't know what's happening with Peter, but I'm going to try my best to stop it." Quinn explained. "I've been trying to get stronger for this very reason. We could be going up, or even fighting against them to save him." 
 "Quinn, we already know that," Layla said. 
 "Sorry to interrupt," Logan said, as he pushed a button on his table, allowing for his bedroom door to slide open. Suddenly a person came crashing into the room with their face planting against the floor. The door quickly closed behind her. As they all looked at the person, it was someone they all recognized. 
 "I'm sorry I didn't mean to eavesdrop." She said, with her head down on the floor begging. "I just came here for Layla." 
 The person who was on the other side of the door... was Cia. 
 "Don't worry, she didn't hear anything. This room is soundproof and locked. Like an aircraft, I created my own ventilation system that I order the parts for and replace once in a while." Logan explained. 
 'No wonder I couldn't smell her outside?' Quinn thought. 
 Layla had quickly gone down to help her up, and Cia now stood closely behind her, while peaking at all the others. Seeing how different Cia acted before and after the memory loss was making Quinn feel a bit queasy in his stomach. 
 "Quinn, I think she should come with us." Layla said. 
 "What!" Quinn blurted out. 
 "Wait look, she knows nothing, she remembers nothing, she has nowhere to go and right now I'm the only one she's got. I don't think she would betray us, and she helps me with my powers. I promise, I'll explain everything to her, and you can make her my responsibility." 
 The room was silent for a bit, as Quinn couldn't believe what Layla was suggesting. At one point and time, Cia was the enemy. Could removing someone's memory really change them that much to a point where they could trust her? Of course, Quinn now trusted Layla, but he barely knew Cia. 
 "Please Quinn," Layla said, with a glint in her eyes making her look like a sad puppy dog. 
 "I think we should take her," Logan said. "We need all the help we can get. Her ability was extremely handy when we were fighting the king tier beast and also, it will allow Vorden an ability to copy as well. Why don't we have a vote? All those who wish to bring Cia along." 
 Logan raised his hand, and so did Cia and Layla, and then when Quinn turned to look at Vorden, he noticed his hand was up, the only person he thought who might have been on his side. 
 "Well, I guess my say doesn't really mean anything then," Quinn said. 
 The reason why Vorden wanted Cia along was that it didn't matter if she lived or died on this trip, in his opinion. It wasn't someone to look out for like the others. He too agreed with Logan. The honest truth was, having no one's ability that he could copy worried him a lot. At least this would give him something. 
 "Okay, before you go, I prepared something," Logan said. As he turned his chair around and went to grab two small chests. He opened one of the chests with one of his mechanical arms that were connected to his chair. 
 The first chest contained five small spray bottles that looked a bit like perfume bottles. Quinn knew exactly what it was. 
 "This is a formula I've been working on. The Vamp…" Logan stopped himself there for a second, realising Cia had yet to learn of everything yet. "Layla, it might be best for you to explain this to her now, and then I can go on to explain this." 
 Layla then took herself and Cia over to the bed that was on the other side, while the boys patiently waited for her explanation. They were waiting for some type of shock or horrified look to come across Cia's face, but it never came. 
 "I don't care. I'll do whatever you say, I just want to be with you." Cia said as she leapt across the bed and jumped on Layla, giving her a huge hug. 
 The boys looked away at the awkward scene and interaction. 
 "Didn't Cia used to have a thing for you?" Quinn said, giving Vorden a nudge on the arm. 
 "I think that might have all been a Pure act thing." He replied. 
 Once the two girls were done, they had come back to join the group and finish listening to Logan's explanation. 
 "As I was saying before, every human here, I think I should say, needs to carry this on them at all times. The effect of the spray lasts for five hours. Two puffs are all you need, so it should be plenty to last our whole trip there. Just make sure you don't lose it or break it. 
 "The vampires have a particular smell of their own, which allows them to recognize their own kind. This has been created by emulating Quinn's smell. So to everyone else, they will think you are a vampire. Don't forget to spray yourselves. If you want to be safe, spray yourself every four hours, because a second over five could be your death while we're there." 
 Vorden and Cia took a bottle each, while Logan kept the spare, as well as the chest for himself. Then he presented the other chest and opened that as well. Inside this one were several different designs of masks. 
 "Quinn, and I already have one, this is for the rest of you to choose. Inside these masks is a communicator. Although it's best if we stay together, we always have to prepare for the worst. There is a good chance we might be split up at some point." 
 Logan continued explaining a few more details to the group, about all the different case scenarios that could occur when going through the portal, and what their plan of actions were. After all the explanations were done, everyone then prepared themselves with all their equipment and supplies. They all also chose one of the masks, which each had a slightly different design to them. 
 This time, Logan was the carrier of items, preparing food pills and water pills for ultimate survival. After all, not all of them could survive just on blood and other things on this trip. There was a fairly large rucksack on his back that looked extremely heavy, but the main thing was that inside of it was a portable teleporter that would lead them back to earth. They needed a way to get back no matter what. 
 When Logan bent down to pick up the large and heavy rucksack, several spider-like legs appeared from his back, gripping it and holding it in place. Taking all of the weight completely off of Logan. It looked kind of silly still, as Logan was fairly short and the rucksack was bigger than him. 
 The explanations were all done and everyone was now ready. The square teleporter was placed on the floor, and the input code was put in. The device started to start up, as mechanical sounds were heard and two arms flung open from the side of the machine. Seconds later, a portal opened displaying a green like colour, but they knew this wasn't a green portal planet they were going to. 
 "No one, and I repeat no one, is dying on this trip." Quinn said. "We are going to save lives, not sacrifice ours. Understand?" 
 Everyone nodded, and then formed a line in front of each other, with their hands on top of each other's shoulders. They all then slowly walked in until eventually, everyone had gone through the portal and into the vampire world. 
 END OF ARK 2 
 ARK 3 BEGINS 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on instagram and facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 384 A foolish act! 
 It was midday; the sun was burning brightly, and there didn't seem to be a cloud in sight. Summer had truly started and all of the kids had returned to their families for the break. Although not everyone saw this as a holiday, as some were still busy working as hard as ever. 
 In a particular place outside, there was a fairly large palace. This palace was designed using ancient Chinese architecture. The roofs were slanted and pointed, while the main palace was a few tiers higher than everything else, allowing it to overlook the entire area. It stood out because at the very top. The highest roof was made completely out of gold. 
 Underneath the place was the second tier, that completely surrounded the palace in a square like shape. 
 In this tier there were several houses that usually belonged to the workers of the Palace or high-ranking officials. And finally the third tier, a very large open square with a few large buildings that were used for several things. But mainly it was used for students. 
 This was the home of the Graylash family. On the third tier, on the large square-like platform, around fifty or so students of mixed ages were all wearing a white sash around their clothes. They were here shouting out in Unison. 
 "1… 2… 3." As they called out numbers, a slight pause could be heard in between and then straight after that, a zap. Standing in front of all of them was the teacher. He too had a white sash, but the edges of it were embroidered with gold, which showed his higher rank. 
 "One… Remember to breathe out as you complete each motion." The teacher demonstrated with sparks of electricity shouting out about three meters from his fist. "two…" He shouted bringing both of his fists down to his waist and this time a small coat of electricity could be seen covering his body. 
 "And three!" He shouted, suddenly jumping off the ground and swirling his body, making himself look like a thunderbolt. Quickly traveling five meters ahead of his original position. As he landed, he quickly walked back to his original position. "Again!" He shouted. 
 The students along with the teacher repeated the actions. Some seemed to get the hang of it and were able to perform them well, some others would complete the moves but no lightning powers could be seen, while for others, only during some movements would their powers be shown. 
 "Looks like they are doing quite well." A voice said from behind the teacher. 
 "Well, indeed." The slightly old man said while smiling, then he realised he had recognized the voice and as soon as he turned around he bowed down. "I'm sorry, I didn't think you would be here on the first day." 
 "Don't mind me, it's boring to stay up in that palace and incredibly lonely too, I don't know how my grandfather did it." Owen replied with his usual fan covering the bottom part of his face. The only way one could tell what expression he was making was by looking at his eyes. Right now they were like a crescent moon upside down, which would mean he was smiling. 
 "Their progress has been quick, all thanks to you. When you took over and shared those techniques of yours, their ability and powers all grew faster than I have ever seen them before. I'm sorry the elders didn't try to listen to you before including myself sir." The old man was trying his best to please Owen. What he had said was the truth. The students really had improved greatly with the new techniques that had been handed down. 
 Although, he was giving more praise than he usually would, as he remembered he was one of the elders that had chosen to vote against him, when choosing a leader. 
 "Don't worry, I understand many of you are traditionalist. Many people don't like change, but whether we like it or not, change is coming. That's why I thought it would be best to teach the future generation a better way." Owen said. "I fear something big is coming soon, and the only thing we can do is prepare ourselves." 
 Suddenly, a small bolt of lightning seemed to land right by Owen's side and a loud bang had come with it. As the lightning bolt disappeared, a man stood there in its place. Mostly covered in white and a headband covering his head and face, known as a fukumen and a Zukin only revealing his eyes. 
 The person whispered into Owen's ears and as he heard the news; the fan covering his face dropped down to his side. 
 "Perhaps that change is coming sooner than I thought." He said. "That fool, I knew he would act. Of course he wouldn't heed the warning of the others. It's only because I know of our past that I chose not to act either. Keep me updated the best you can. We must prepare for the worst." 
 **** 
 Out in the middle of the ocean, three large ships could be seen traveling next to each other. The ships were large and around half the size of a cruise ship. They were all heading towards one direction in particular. In the ship that stationed in the center, out on the deck at the front on the very tip, was Jack Trudream, the newest member of the big four. 
 There were two guards who stood by his side, one of them Kenny, who he always kept by him for certain reasons most of the time. But after his failure to comply with his orders, he had been a bit distant from Jack. Still, Jack wanted him by his side today, for Kenny had the ability to put others to sleep. With this it allowed his own ability to be used that much easier and he was hoping to score big today. 
 Next to him on his other side was a fairly large man, who looked almost like a giant. He was covered in the likes of a beast armour someone had never seen in their lives. On his back, a large spiked ball as his weapon and his armour looked like it had been taken straight out of gladiatorial times. On this ship alone there were five hundred men, all with a mixture of abilities, but they were his very best. 
 On the two ships by his side, they also contained five hundred men each, making a total small army of around one thousand five hundred people. All of them belonging to the Truedream family. 
 This was only about one tenth of the people belonging to the Trudream family, but these people held about two-thirds of their entire power. The rest were left to guard his city. None of the public knew what he was doing at this moment as they hadn't been made aware of it and he wanted to keep it that way. 
 For today, he was starting a war with the Blade's family. 
 "I bet they thought they were quite smart, hiding their family on an uncharted island in the middle of nowhere." Jack said. "But you underestimate my information gathering. Even if you are powerful, I would love to see how they deal with it when fifteen hundred of the strongest ability users in the world turn up right at your doorstep uninvited." Jack then started to hysterically laugh at his own genius. 
 Once he got rid of the Blades, he would not only obtain their power, but also the shadow power along with it and perhaps many more secrets that they were hiding. If all the others were scared of the Blades before. They would be terrified once they found out that Jack had not only defeated them but also taken their power. 
 "The teleporters are ready, sir." Kenny said by his side. The group would have loved to invade by teleporting right to the island. However, there was no such way. The only way to reach the island in the first place was to travel via a ship or an aircraft. 
 Still, they needed a quick way back home. 
 Finally, the fairly large island could be seen in sight. Even from a distance, a large mountain could be seen that seemed to have been flattened. At the very top of it, a strange giant castle-like structure was seen and behind that, what looked like a very large stone tablet. 
 "Impressive, but soon all of this will be mine." 
 The ships had reached shore, and the invasion had begun. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on instagram and facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 385 The Chained unleashed 
 On the private island, on top of the hill, there was a fairly large castle that had been built. Just beside it, a fairly large stone tablet was also present. The stone tablet was at least double the size of the castle itself, and even the castle was huge. Inside the castle, there wasn't a King or a Queen and there weren't many people who lived there either. In total, only a hundred or so people lived there. 
 Inside the castle, in the throne room, some people who looked like a regular family were sitting down, eating dinner at a large dining table. At the head of the table, was a large muscular old man. He had a short scruffy beard and also scruffy spiky hair that had completely grayed out at this point. 
 They were currently dressed in their everyday clothing and the old man himself was in a regular sleeveless top that showed his large bulging muscles. His arm itself was as wide as a regular person's thigh. The rest of the family were all dressed a little nicer, but none of them were wearing beast gear. 
 However, if one was to look around the room, they could see beast armour all over the dining room being put out on display, that too in multiple different styles. It seemed as if they were merely some collector's items. 
 Also sitting at the table was a younger man, who was only graying at the side's. His hair was neatly swept to the side and blonde in colour. Sitting next to him was a female who was similar age. Opposite the two of them were a pair of young brother and sister, both of whom were blonde as well. They were twins who seemed to be in their mid-twenties. 
 "So, are you really going to do nothing about Sil then?" The young boy asked. 
 "Yeah, Grandpa, if we did something like that, then you would have already sent us back to the castle. It's not fair." The girl complained, sitting next to the boy. 
 The old man stuffed his face with a fairly large chicken breast before putting it down and laughing. 
 "You know I have bright plans for that boy!" He continued to laugh. 
 "Not fair." The girl sulked. "Why has Sil always been Grandpa's favourite?" 
 "Come on now." The father said. "You know he has his problems. He was affected by the training worse than all of us. But at the same time, he showed better results then everyone here." 
 "Your father's right." The mother added. "If Sil can return to what he once was, then perhaps he would lead the family one day." 
 "Pft, yeah right, if that crazy kid led this family then we would all be doomed!" The girl said. 
 Suddenly, their meal was interrupted as a knock was heard at the door. 
 "Come in." The old man shouted. 
 A man walked in calmly, as If there was nothing to worry about at all. He was dressed in a nice suit and gave a quick bow before giving his report. 
 "Sir, it seems like the Island is about to be under attack." The man said. 
 "Really, by who?" The old man replied. 
 "It's Truedream sir, and he appears to have brought an army of over a thousand men." The man replied. 
 "A thousand men? He must be quite well known to gather that many. Why have I never heard his name?" The old man asked. 
 "He only recently joined one of the big families, I believe they now call it the big four." The father answered. "That's why you probably never had the chance to hear about him." 
 The mother was shaking her head as she heard the news. "This stuff always happens, history has a pattern of repeating itself. As time goes on and on, our influence over them lessens and they forget about what happened before." 
 "Well, I guess it's time to remind them of who we are." The old man said as he stood up from his chair and wiped his face with a napkin. 
 "Wait Grandpa, you're going out there on your own?!" the young girl said. "Isn't that a bit too much?" 
 "You guys carry on enjoying your meal. It's been a long time since I've been able to do something like this, and who knows, maybe this Mr. Truedream is strong." The old man said. "Send fifty or so men to stall them at the beach, have them copy the Earth ability before they go out, and bring out the Chained. I will be needing them!" The old man said with a smile. 
 "As you wish, sir!" 
 **** 
 Truedream and his men had landed on the beach, and they were currently waiting for all of the others to deboard. It was important for them to attack all together. Otherwise it would be useless bringing this many people. 
 Once everyone had gotten off the ships, Truedream himself remained at the back of the group with his two guards. Also, another group of around ten people with portable teleporters too remained at the back of the group. 
 "Begin the attack!" The large man standing by Truedreams side shouted and immediately all of the men stormed and started running on the sandy beach. 
 At the same time, out from the trees, fifty men stood, all wearing the same type of armour at an equal distance from each other. Their armour was blue and silver in colour and they all looked like Knights as their entire bodies and faces were covered from head to toe. 
 At the same time, each one of them lifted their hands, and then a giant wall of sand was lifted, creating a giant wall in front of them. As they all pushed forward, the wall moved like some type of wave crashing into the army of people that were coming their way. 
 The war had started. The wall had managed to deter a few people, trapping them, or delaying them for a bit, but the others were able to avoid the attack by flying up in the air, shooting beams through the sand, or moving it away with their telekinesis power. 
 "What is this? Are the Blade family just a bunch of earth users? Then that makes them no different from the military. Why are they so special? This should be easier than I thought." Jack said. 
 One of the unique things about the Truedream family, was that they all didn't carry a single power. Although they might have not been the top powers, it also meant that they didn't really have a weakness. 
 For instance, the Greylash family always struggled to fight against the military's earth power. Sometimes, abilities just had natural weaknesses, but it was impossible to come up with a counter against Truedreams army. 
 The fight continued on and it looked like somehow; the army was being stalled, unable to advance. Although none of them were truly injured, the Blades had perfect teamwork when it came to using the earth's ability and they were on the defensive, as if they were stalling for something. 
 "This can't be everything you've got." Jack said. "Bring it on." 
 Back in the castle, the old man had finished putting on his beast gear. He wore a sleeveless chest piece to allow him free movement in the arm area, and normal trousers with crystalized boots. The chest piece itself also looked as if it was made from diamonds as well. It was unclear whether or not it was beast armour, or something that was made just for show. 
 He was inside an empty hall where there was nothing but a stone tablet. One that was similar to the one outside, only smaller in size. Then, the sounds of chains banging against the floor could be heard along with the sound of them rubbing against each other. 
 "I have brought the chained like you asked." 
 As the old man turned around, he could see five people standing in front of him, all of them chained by their necks, arms and legs. Their faces looked malnourished, as if they were given the bare minimum to survive, and they hadn't even been given clothes to cover themselves up in. 
 "Each of your families at one point or another tried to get rid of us." The old man said. "Today, another fool has tried to do the same, and soon he will be joining all of you as well." 
 The old man walked up to each one of them, touching them on the head. As he did this action, it looked as if they hadn't even noticed what was happening around them. Their eyes were as if they were already dead. 
 "Let's go deal with this fool." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 386 The strongist powers in one 
 Finally, it looked like the fifty or so earth users were tiring out. They couldn't hold back a thousand or so powerful men forever. Although, Jack had never expected so little people to come face him. The problem with having a big army was not everyone was able to directly fight at the same time. 
 Sometimes in war, strategy was needed and Jack had planned to do this, but after seeing how little people there were, he decided against it and his plan seemed to be working as he began moving further up the island and opposing men had started to move back. 
 A special green beam came shooting out through one of the sand walls and managed to hit one of the Blade's knights on the shoulder. However, although the attack was powerful and managed to knock the knight over, the attack itself seemed to have bounced off, going into the air and causing no damage. 
 On closer inspection, it looked as if a lot of the attacks were merely bouncing off the armour and it was also the reason why they were able to last for so long. It turned out that the ordinary-looking knight armour wasn't so ordinary after all. 
 Still, it didn't matter if the front row managed to move forward, because then suddenly, several large blue thunderbolts came shooting outward. It moved so fast that no one was able to react to it in time. As it hit the first person, the electrical power seemed to pass onto the next until the whole front row had collapsed and fallen onto the floor. 
 For a second, everyone on the battlefield had frozen. 
 One of Truedreams men, who was just behind the front row, quickly knelt down, as he went to check on his companion. He tried shaking him, hitting him, doing anything he could until he eventually pressed his ear against the person's chest. 
 It stayed there for a while until... 
 "He's dead…" the man said, then he turned and looked at all the others in the front row and none of them were moving either. 
 "What is going on!" Jack thought. "Isn't that the Greylash's power and a powerful one at that? Is the family head here? What are they doing on the island?" 
 But as the fifty or so men moved back into the jungle and headed back to the castle, a single large old man wearing a crystal chest piece and boots stepped out from the jungle and onto the sand. His right hand was completely covered in blue lightning racing up and down, from his shoulders, all the way to his fingertips. 
 Knowing what just happened, many of the men were a little stiff and unwilling to move. There wasn't a single person on that island that was wearing armour below that of the king tier, yet still, they had been taken out with a single attack. 
 "My name is Hilston Blade, I'm the leader of the Blade family." The old man said. "The reason why I am telling you this is because you should all at least know the name of the person who will be taking your life." 
 As Hilston, the old man stomped his foot in a certain direction. In the next instant the sand that was below them had been hardened and turned into spikes, piercing many of them. With his other hand, he fired more lighting bolts. 
 "What are you all doing? He's only one man. Kill him!" Truedream shouted. 
 Of course, the army had the confidence of having multiple people on their side, and some of them were filled with anger at their fallen comrades. As they came close to him though, they could suddenly feel it getting hotter. An extreme heat was being emitted from the old man's body. 
 Throwing out a kick with one of his legs, a vertical line of flames had come out of it, knocking all the people away who had come close. As for those in the sky, they continued to be shot down by thunderbolts. 
 "What is this, how is this possible?" Jack said, as he continued to stay at the back. "He has earth power as strong as the military, fire power and lightning power from the other big families. The only one he is missing is from the Bree family. Not just that, this level of power is not normal. Nothing like this was recorded in the fight against the Dalki. How has a secret like this been kept for so long?" 
 At this moment, Jack was starting to panic a little, but he still had plenty of men left alive, and as long as they continued to fight, he was sure that eventually all of the old man's MC cells would be used up. Every person in the world had a limit, and this included Truedream himself. The stronger the power that was stored inside him, the less powers he could store at a time. 
 "ROARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!" Suddenly though, a loud roar that spread throughout the island was heard. It had interrupted Jack in the middle of his thoughts completely. 
 "Ah, my little pet, it took you a while." The old man smiled. 
 The sound of something heavy flapping was heard and then a large shadow overcasting the whole beach was seen. As they all looked up in the sky, they could only see what could be described as a… 
 "Drra dra Dragon!" One of the men shouted. 
 In the air, a large Dragon the size of an aircraft was seen hovering about. Brown and gold in colour. Of course, Dragon's were nothing but mere legends and myths; this was something that only looked like a dragon. 
 "If it isn't a dragon." Jack thought. "Then that means it's a beast" 
 As it landed on part of the beach, the whole ground slightly shook by its sheer weight. And anything that was below its feet was crushed. The men were now split between dealing with Hilston and the Dragon. 
 With a single sweep of its tail, men were sent flying back, knocked into the ocean. Then they all quickly realised something, none of their attack with weapons or abilities could do any damage to it at all. 
 "Sir!" The large man standing by Jack's side shouted. "We have to leave, I'm telling you, that's most likely a beast that is at the Demon level. I have never seen something so powerful before, and I have no clue how he was able to keep one under his control." 
 Then suddenly something had clicked in Jack's head. The man must have also been using the Bree family's power. That was how he was able to control the dragon. All four of the world's strongest powers were in a single man's hands. 
 He didn't know how, but now he understood why the others were afraid to touch the Blade family. If this was the power of one person. Imagine a whole army of people with the same set of powers. 
 "Get the teleporters ready, we're getting out of here." Jack whispered under his breath, out of anger. 
 Anyone of the other big families could have said more than a warning. They could have at least hinted why the Blades were so powerful. Instead, they decided to keep it to themselves. 
 Jack then noticed that some of the men who were carrying the teleporters had already opened it themselves and were starting to escape, heading back to the Truedream city. 
 "Come on!" Jack shouted. "Quickly." 
 Kenny quickly placed the teleporter on the ground, and the three of them without wasting any time were ready to jump through, but before doing so. Jack had pulled out a small little controller and pressed a button. A beeping sound could be heard, coming from all of the teleporters they had brought with them. 
 The three then quickly jumped into the teleporter and soon after, each of the ten teleporters exploded. 
 "That bastard, he left us all here to die. He blew up all the teleporters. How are we meant to get away now!" The men shouted and screamed. 
 They knew they were hopeless and their family head that they had pledged loyalty to, without a second thought had abandoned them all. 
 "Curse you Jack, I hope you die." 
 As the man said that, he was lifted by the head and his body turned around, looking behind Hilston, all that could be seen were the bodies of his dead comrades. Not a single person was now alive. 
 "Don't worry. I shall grant your wish. We never let people get away." Hilston said, and with a single flick, the man's head twisted and his body fell to the floor. 
 A few days later, a report had come in for the Supreme commander. Stating that Truedream city and all of its inhabitants, had been wiped off of the face of the earth. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 387 Trapped 
 As each person of the group stepped through the portal, they all held onto each other's shoulders firmly. They weren't quite sure how the square portals worked in relation to the circular portals. Was it like a station or a white portal where it was able to teleport you to a specific destination. Or was it like a red teleporter, where it would teleport you within a mile or so of another one. 
 Whatever the outcome was, the group didn't want to be separated from each other. So whatever they did while stepping through, they didn't let go. 
 Standing at the front was Quinn, leading the charge if they were to head into any sort of danger, and at the back, was Layla their support with Cia being a little bit in front of her. 
 The warpy feeling they would feel when going through the teleporter was gone, and Cia had her eyes closed through the whole thing. Now they had finally made it to their destination. But when Cia opened her eyes. She could see nothing. It was complete darkness. 
 "What's going on!" Cia said being frightened, her voice shaking. She tightened her grip on the person in front of her, which was Vorden. 
 "Ow! your nails hurt, you know," Vorden complained. 
 "But I can't see anything!" She cried. 
 "And you think I can?" Vorden too was unable to see anything around him, but he was sure they were on the other side of the teleporter. 
 "I expected the vampire world to be dark, but complete darkness? This doesn't make any sense." Logan said. 
 "We're not outside, that's why," Quinn replied, being one of the few that could see. Layla and Quinn could both see quite well in the room. 
 "Is it safe to act, is there anything around us?" Logan asked, not wanting to make any sudden movements, although he was sure that if there was anything in the room with them, they would have been attacked by now due to Cia's and Vorden's back-and-forth chatter. The two of them still seemed to be bickering with each other now. 
 "It's safe," Quinn replied. 
 From underneath his suit, the spiders moved up to his face and started to form around his eyes, creating a type of night vision for Logan. Now he too could see clearly where they were. As soon as he realised what it was, the adrenaline started to run through his body. 
 The whole room was covered with terminals, servers, and computers. Not just that, but where they stood there was a circular platform and above them some type of contraption. In corners of the room, there were chemical gadgets and all sorts. But what was getting him excited more than anything was the layout of the room. 
 If he was to move all of his research to a place like this, it would be exactly how he would organize it. 
 "Alright everyone don't panic, just wait here for a moment," Logan said as he let go of who he was holding on to and started to investigate one of the terminals. There were many buttons that Logan had no clue what they did. He could have guessed, but if he did it wouldn't exactly be accurate, so instead, he placed his hand on the machine.. 
 Using his ability, he was able to directly communicate with it and give it orders. It was easy to tell which was the main terminal and soon, several lights opened all over the room. 
 "Ah!" Quinn flinched as the lights turned on, and Layla had done the same. "Could you warn us a beforehand the next time?" 
 Lights didn't hurt Quinn like the sunlight did, but sudden exposure from dark to light would startle him a bit. 
 Now the whole group could see quite clearly that they seemed to be in some sort of science lab. Although it also looked to be abandoned. Some of the computers and equipment had rusted and there were cobwebs over everything as if they hadn't been touched in a hundred years. 
 "Alright, let's try to spread out and look for clues or something," Logan said. "Now I must remind you, I said spread out, not split up, got it. Stay in this room. We all know what happens to the first person who gets lost in a horror film, right?" 
 "Is it really the right time to make that type of joke?" Layla asked. "When we're on another planet with a load of bloodsucking vampires." 
 "I'll take your point on board," Logan replied. 
 Logan had signalled for Quinn to come with him as he wanted to confirm something, while the others tried to find any details of where they were. The room was strange, there were several numbered doors on one side that didn't seem to open no matter what they did. Then there were two larger doors on each of the other sides, but none of them opened either. In a way, it seemed like they were trapped.. 
 There were no windows or anything similar that indicated where they were. 
 "Would you mind using your system to try to figure out who made these items?" Logan asked pointing forth at the weird claw-like object above the circle platform they had landed on. 
 [Inspect] 
 [A teleporter created by Richard Eno] 
 Quinn then went ahead and looked at a few other items, and although the system couldn't tell what most of them were, it did tell him they were all created by Richard Eno. 
 "It's a teleporter," Quinn answered 
 "I thought as much." Replied Logan. "At least now we have our way back. I can activate it whenever I want using the terminal over there. Although everything looks old and damaged in here. It's quite advanced. Some of this technology has only recently been introduced to our world." 
 "Makes sense, why it says they were all made by Richard Eno." Quinn said. 
 A teleporter created by Richard Eno had led them to a laboratory created by him as well. It was clear it wasn't a coincidence. The question was, had what Fex said correct. Were they really now in the vampire world? Or had he made a mistake in just recognizing the teleporter as one of their own. 
 They wouldn't know until they dug deeper, but other than that, the two of them started to think along the same lines. 
 If they were in the vampire world, then what was Richard Eno doing here? There were a few possibilities. He was a vampire himself that later migrated to the human world. Or a human who worked with the vampires or was doing research on the vampires. All of these were a great possibility. 
 "Quinn, thank you." Logan said with a smile on his face. 
 The two of them continued searching until they eventually reached another working terminal. This one had several different screens, six in total. Each screen seemed to be linked to a camera and all of the room's looked exactly the same. It was a square space with nothing inside. It reminded Quinn of certain mental asylums. 
 "Look at this." Quinn said pointing to the screen. 
 Logan had seen it too. The rooms had marks of blood all over them. The wall, ceilings and floor. However, they were quite dark and looked like they had been there for a while. 
 "Maybe the rooms were used to run experiments of some sorts." Logan said. "Live subjects, human subjects, or other vampires?" 
 "Well, if we can get to where those cameras are, I can actually check the blood. Maybe it will give us more answers to what type of place this is, and who exactly Richard Eno was, because I don't know why, but this place is giving me the chills." 
 While Layla and Cia were sticking to each other like glue, Vorden was looking at the wall with the several doors that had different numbers on them. There were six doors in total, each with a number on the front. 
 He saw the girls looking at them earlier but didn't really attempt to open them much. Feeling a little trapped, he was looking for an exit. As he approached the first door he looked around to see if there was anything but there really was nothing. 
 At the same time, over to where Quinn and Logan were, they had just figured out something. Logan's hand was pressed up against the computer. "It's telling me if we press this button it will open a door to one of the rooms." 
 Pressing the button, the door had opened, and a slight steamy sound was heard. When they looked up at where the door had opened from they could see Vorden standing in front of an open door. 
 Vorden could see a room in front of him but was cautious about stepping in. But nearly in an instant, something had grabbed him, pulling him in. The doors soon after immediately shut again. 
 "Level 1 trial initiated!" 
 "Open the door!" Quinn shouted. 
 "I can't!" Logan replied. "I don't know what's happening, it's not listening." 
 Vorden was trapped. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 388 The First trial 
 Logan now had both of his hands pressed on the terminal, and his expression was one of struggle as he started to sweat a little. This was the first time Quinn had seen him panic like that. This only meant they were in a tough situation. 
 "I can't open the door!" Logan shouted. "It can understand me, and it's listening to me, but it's the first time a machine has ever been able to outright refuse my request like this. What's going on?" 
 He tried and tried again, but it was clear that right now there was nothing they could do to help Vorden. The two girls were not too far from the other doors themselves, and before anything could happen to them, Quinn quickly called them over. 
 "Come over here!" Quinn shouted. "We don't want any more surprises." 
 All of them were now carefully watching one of the screens on the terminal that clearly showed Vorden in the room. 
 Inside the room, Vorden had felt a very strong force pulling him by the back of his collar. He was practically chucked into the room, but as soon as the door closed, whatever that was pulling him had stopped. He immediately turned around and as he did, he drew out both of the black and white blades, ready for anything. 
 He had touched Cia before, so he also had her ability, but nothing else, and hers wasn't an offensive one in the first place, so the only thing he could rely on right now were the weapons. 
 Now, standing in front of him, he could see one thing in the room. It was a robot. Although not a humanoid looking one, to say the least. Its upper body was like that of a human, having two hands and a chest frame with a head on top, but after that nothing else looked human. Where its head should have been there was a single eye that looked like a pair of binoculars and as for the legs they were non-existent. 
 Instead, it was a pair of triangle shaped wheels with the tire being a band that would move along with the robot. Emulating a treadmill. Since it was the only thing in the room, Vorden could only guess that it was this robot that had pulled him in. 
 Although it looked weak, for a brief second, he had felt its strength and was extremely cautious. As he backed up with his blades continually drawn, he didn't break eye contact even for a second. Then when he felt his back go up against the wall, Vorden lifted his foot and hit it as hard as he could with his heel. But there was no response, he could not move it at all. 
 When Quinn had used his inspect skill, he had made a note that everything was made of galthrium, which was why he hadn't tried to even attempt at breaking down any of the doors. And if Quinn couldn't do it, then Vorden definitely felt like he couldn't do it either. 
 "Trial one has been initiated." A voice said from the Robot. "A new participant has been detected. Please state your family number." 
 "Family number?" Vorden said, looking confused. 'Does he mean my family name?' "Blade family!" Vorden shouted. 
 The robot took a few seconds to reply back. "Error, Family Number not found, please try again." 
 "What do we do?" Layla asked. "Is he going to be okay?" 
 "I'm not sure." Logan replied. Usually the group always went to him for answers, but with the way things were, he was a bit shell-shocked and had no idea how to proceed in this type of situation. "The only thing I can guess is the robot said this is some type of trial, right? If he passes maybe he can get out. But the machine, it's got a mind of its own. Usually my ability gives a life to things with a voice, it allows me to communicate and control them, but this machine, it already had its own voice. It was as if I was talking to another human and it's refusing to do anything I ask it to do." 
 Hearing this crisis and what the robot was saying, Quinn thought he might be the only one that would be able to help Vorden out of this trial. "System, do you know anything about this place? What is it?" 
 "I'm afraid not, this whole area is unfamiliar and I've never seen anything like this before." The system replied. 
 Quinn did remember stating that when the system was alive, he lived on earth. So it would make sense to not know about this if the lab was relocated along with the vampires. 
 "You want a number right?" Vorden said, "Then my lucky number 77." 
 "Error, family number not found, please try again." 
 Hearing the robot speak again, Quinn had an idea. If they were in the vampire world, then it must be related to the thirteen vampire families. "Vorden, pick a number between one and thirteen!" he shouted. 
 Hearing this, Vorden replied. "10" 
 "Please state your current rank?" For the first time it had asked another question, and they were starting to make progress. 
 "Vampire!" Quinn shouted, assuming it meant the different evolutions within the vampire circles." 
 "Vampire." 
 The robot then started to move slightly. Out of its chest piece, a small door was opened and came out with what looked like a small tray. On it, a syringe with a green solution inside was displayed. 
 "Will you be taking the solution for this trial?" The robot asked. 
 This at least confirmed one thing to the others, the trial hadn't even begun yet. 
 However, both Quinn and Logan were extremely interested in what was exactly in the strange green liquid. Perhaps it would give them answers to what this whole trial thing was about in the first place. 
 "Quinn, what do I say? You've been right about everything so far." Vorden said. "But just to warn you, I have a feeling that if I say yes, there's a good chance he's going to force me to take it. Or won't let me leave until I take the solution." 
 It was clear by the question presented that this was an optional thing, and however much Quinn and Logan were interested in the syringe, they couldn't just use Vorden like a guinea pig. Especially in extreme situations like this. 
 "Say no!" Quinn shouted. 
 "No." Vorden replied, and the green solution went back into the strange robot. For the first time, the robot had moved from its place and went to the back of the room up against the wall. 
 All of these actions, and the anticipation of what was about to happen next, was making not only Vorden nervous but the rest as well. 
 Suddenly from above, a hole in the ceiling had appeared and then closed nearly just as quick. In the short time it had opened, something had fallen from the ceiling and made a loud thumping noise below. 
 The first thing that came to Vorden's senses wasn't the appearance of what had fallen, but instead was the smell. He had wanted to immediately lift his shirt to cover his mouth, but was aware he couldn't. The smell was extremely bad; it smelled as if food had been left out for several days. 
 Then when looking at what had dropped on the floor and where the smell had come from. He could see something had been wrapped up in a black rag, and on the outside of it was blood. 
 Moving forward towards the black ragged item, Vorden pointed his black sword forward and reached out, pushing it with the side of his sword. The item had unwrapped itself from the rag and rolled out, revealing a severed arm. 
 Immediately outside, Cia had to look away from the screen. She could take all of the things Layla had said, but seeing this, reality started to hit her about what type of place they were really in. 
 Looking at the arm closer, Vorden could tell that it clearly wasn't a fresh one, for it was very pale in colour and most of the inside looked rotten. After dealing with Peter, he had seen his fair share of fresh limbs that had been cut off. 
 "The trial will now begin!" An announcement was made. 
 Once again, one of the panels from the ceiling quickly opened and this time on the other side of the room, something larger had fallen to the floor. 
 It was curled up in a ball, but it looked to be human. Its boney spine could be seen, and it had no clothes, apart from a rag covering its privates. It was bald and almost grey in colour. 
 "Grgrgr…GRgrggr..Grgrg." 
 Strange sounds could be heard coming from the figure, and Vorden proceeded to take a few step backs slowly, not wanting to make any noise. 
 Slowly, the figure started to uncurl from its ball-like shape and stood on its two feet. It was tall, nearly seven foot and looked just like a human. However, it looked as if the creature was made of nothing but skin and bones, as in its ribcage, knee caps and several other areas could be seen clearly, then when looking at its head, all that could be seen in its eyes was white. 
 "GRAHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The creature screamed, and as it opened its mouth wide, it revealed several razor-sharp teeth. Similar to a vampire, only every single one of its teeth was just as sharp. 
 "Quinn.." The system said with horror in its voice. "That's a Wendigo!" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 389 A Reward 
 Wendigo, it was a word that hadn't been mentioned in a while and it had long shifted to the back of Quinn's mind, but suddenly all of the bad thoughts came rushing out his head as the system had said those words. The wendigo was one of the evolution's a ghoul could evolve into. 
 It was one of the options that Peter was able to evolve into but instead, he turned into a Wight. 
 They were similar to Wights with their amazing healing capabilities and strength, but at the same time vastly different. They showed no signs of intelligence and were unable to speak any words. They were detached from any emotion, only feeling one thing, hunger. Their hunger was far greater for flesh than a Ghoul or a Wight. While they did it out of survival, the Wendigo's did it out of addiction. 
 They were one of the very few evolutions that, when created, would be completely detached from their creator. They could be killed without any type of ramifications since the connection was no longer there. Which made them perfect for testing situations like this. 
 "How strong is that thing!" Quinn hurriedly asked the system, knowing full well Vorden didn't have many abilities. 
 "It's hard to tell just from looks. It's unlike a Wight that gets stronger as its master gets stronger due to their connection. A wendigo will only be as strong as its master was when it evolved, and then further gaining strength depending how much it has eaten. Meaning it all depends on who created it and what happened after." 
 With no clue on what to do, or how to help, it looked like Vorden was on his own with this one. 
 Stepping back, Vorden readied himself as the Wendigo started to move closer to the middle of the room. 
 'Once it goes for that arm, it will be my chance to attack.' Vorden thought. 
 The Wendigo carried on moving and just as it reached the center it didn't stop; it had completely stepped over the arm, ignoring it completely. In a second, all of Vordens hopes were dashed. 
 "Of course, why would it go for that manky old thing when it has a freshly made burger right in front of it." 
 Although it was large in size, perhaps it wasn't powerful, was Vorden's next thoughts, but suddenly, the wendigo leaped towards Vorden with its long clawed arms, A roll was made at just the right time dodging the attack, but as soon as he gained his footing another swipe was made. 
 Activating the white sword had allowed his body to move just a tad bit faster and he had blocked the attack. Still, his whole arm was flung to the side. Quickly switching back to Black blade, Vorden swung down hard at the second claw that was coming at him, managing to pin it and hit it to the ground. 
 After practising a little with the swords, Vorden realised that the pair had a very unique active skill. Called "Yin and Yang." Although both weapons had an active skill, while using one he was unable to use the other. 
 When using the yang blade, his whole body got a speed boost allowing him to use his sword skills and movements quickly. When using the Yin blade, although his speed was back to normal, his power was greatly increased and now he could tell he was able to match it in power. 
 Still there was one problem. The Wendigo was both faster and stronger than his natural self. Making it difficult as he quickly needed to switch between the two as he did then. This was not only taxing for his mind but for his body as well. 
 Lifting up the balck blade, he quickly activated the white blade's power and started to move back, avoiding the next set of swipes that came his way. 
 "Will you please give me a break!" he shouted, as the Wendigo carried on coming at him like a wild animal. 
 There was only one thing left that he could do. He threw the black blade up in the air, while using the white blade to dodge the fast attacks, this meant that now his other hand was free, and he was able to use the spirit spear. Throwing it outward, it had stabbed the Wendigo in the stomach. It caused no pain, but that wasn't what Vorden was aiming for. 
 The beast was greatly slowed and it was at a speed that Vorden could now match. As he dodged the next set of attacks, he did a little spin and jumped for the black blade in the air. As soon as he did that, he activated the black blade's power and swung both blades right at the wendigo's head, cutting it clean off. 
 It's body quickly fell to the floor and Vorden was huffing and panting greatly. His breathing was completely off and his chest was hurting. The constant switching was also messing up with his body's natural rhythm, even causing his heart to misbeat in some areas which was extremely dangerous. Any longer and he could have been in serious trouble. 
 "I don't know if that boy is lucky or just has really good instincts." The system said. "If he was to cut off any other part of the Wendigo's body, it would have almost healed on the spot, prolonging the fight. Cutting off the head is the only way to kill an undead." 
 "And you don't think he could have used that advice during the fight!" Quinn said back, annoyed at the useless system. 
 "The fight was far too intense to allow any distractions. Telling you, to tell him would have made his chances of survival decrease." 
 While Vorden was still holding his chest in the white room, there was one thing he was sure about. If he needed to fight another one of those things, he wasn't sure if he could make it out alive. 
 The robot once again started to move over to the Wendigo's body. It pointed one of its hands towards the body, and after a few seconds that hand had completely transformed into what looked like an oval shaped canon. Out from it, a large lazer like substance was shot. It wasn't harming the room in any way but as it touched the body, parts of it quickly turned into ash. 
 'I guess I did the right thing to not try to fight that thing.' Vorden thought as he gulped. 
 As soon as the whole thing was turned to ash, like a vacuum it started to suck up the ashes until there was no trace of the wendigo left at all. The same process was then done with the rag and arm as well. The robot then moved back towards the centre and finally made an announcement. 
 "Trial one has been completed, would you like to continue onto the next one?" The robot asked. 
 "Hell no!" Vorden answered immediately. "Get me out of here." 
 "Trial put on hold. Rewards shall be distributed." The robot once again opened up the tray on its body, only this time, a red round shaped pill was placed on it. 
 The door had yet to open as Vorden looked around, and it looked like nothing would happen until he took the pill. 
 "Damn it!" he thought as he picked up the pill, but at the same time the steam sound of the door opening behind him was heard. He only needed to take the reward and not actually consume it. 
 He was never happier to leave such a place, and not waiting a second, bolted out of the room. When he left, the door behind closed once again. 
 "Vorden are you hurt anywhere?" Layla said, running up to him and looking around. 
 "I'm fine, that thing didn't even put a scratch on me." He replied. 
 "It did look like you were having a hard time in there, but I'm just happy I wasn't the one that caused your death." Logan said. 
 "Do you mind if I take a look at what that robot gave you?" Quinn asked. 
 Vorden showed Quinn the small little red ball pill and Quinn used his inspect skill to see what it was. 
 [Inspect] 
 [A special Pill designed by Richard Eno] 
 [It will permanently increase one's strength] 
 The description was short and for a second Quinn had to read it again. He had never heard of any type of pill that could do such a thing before. But now what he was more worried about was if there were any side effects to such a thing and if anyone could use it. 
 "Do you know what it is?" Vorden asked. 
 "Kinda." Quinn replied. He decided it was time to explain further how his vampire powers worked. It didn't make sense to hide it any longer and it was only making things more difficult. Just because they knew it was a system wouldn't change a thing. 
 So he proceeded to tell them about how the system and his vampire powers worked. Now they all knew how Quinn was able to get stronger and why he had known so much information about things. The only thing he still kept a secret was the AI system related to the system. Even he didn't know much about it and that would just complicate things. 
 "Anyway, when using my inspect skill, it says it can permanently increase a person's strength. Honestly, it sounds similar to when I consume an A type of blood, but I don't know if it will even work or if there are any side effects." 
 Vorden thought about it for a while before giving his answer. 
 "I think it's best if I keep it for now, maybe we will find more information on it, or when we get back, Logan can do more research." Vorden repleid. 
 Finding out about the effects of the pill had only made Quinn more interested in what the green liquid in the syringe was. 
 "Do you think we could start the trial again?" Quinn asked. 
 The others turned and suddenly looked at him like he was a type of mad man, while Logan seemed to be the only one on the same wavelength. 
 "Listen him out, right now we have no way of getting out of here." Logan said. "Even after using all these terminals, none of them open the doors out to this building. The only thing we have seen though, is stranger things enter it through that room. Who knows if there are more creatures, we might even be in a large facility, but we still need to find a way to get out of here." 
 Quinn also wanted to go and inspect the blood on the walls, to see if it really was from a vampire or human. 
 "I should be fine, if it's like before and a wendigo comes out, I'm confident I should be able to beat it fairly easily." Quinn replied. "And this time I'll stay in the room to see if there's anything I can do from the inside." 
 The others didn't like it, but honestly there was no better option. Quinn prepared himself before entering and had chosen to go in the same door. The other doors were unknown variables. Most likely they all did the same thing, so they could run six different tests at the same time, but just to make sure it was safe, he chose to pick the same room. Here they at least knew a little bit of what could happen. 
 "Open the door!" Quinn said and Logan pushed the button, allowing the door to open. 
 As Quinn stepped into the room, the robot was already there, waiting for him. The door behind him then closed and the robot started up once again. 
 "Resuming trials, trial two will now begin." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 390 Trial 2 
 Entering the room, an unexpected message had occurred, but the door behind Quinn closed instantly. Judging from what happened with Vorden, now there was nothing he could do until the trial was complete. 
 "Did that thing just say trial two?" Layla asked. "And not trial one?" 
 They all thought the same thing. When entering, they thought the robot would recognize Quinn as a new subject. Starting the process all over again from the beginning. 
 Seeing that this wasn't the case, Logan naturally tried looking for answers. He placed his hand on the terminal, trying to communicate with it one more time. Machines, robots, they all followed a set of code, instructions, rules. 
 However, he was only met with disappointment. Once again reminded about how this strange computer seemed to have a mind of its own. Doing things out of the ordinary. 
 Quinn was unafraid, confident in his new skills and newfound power. He was able to get a good gauge on the Wendigo's strength watching Vorden, and if he was to face something a little harder, he knew he could get through it. 
 Instead, multiple thoughts were running through his head, thinking about how they could get out of this place. What exactly was this place being used for. 
 Looking at several of the blood marks, Quinn activated his level three inspect skill. A little window popped up above each one of the blood, giving out little bits of information. 
 What had surprised him a little was how the blood marks were a mixture of human as well as an unknown blood type. If he was to take a guess, the unknown blood type would belong to the vampires. They didn't have a set blood type like the humans did, but were still red in colour all the same. 
 Looking at the information, there wasn't much detail. Only what letter the blood type was, as for the ones he couldn't recognize, it just came up with several question marks. 
 Before the trial would start just like last time, the robot opened up its little tray from its chest piece and revealed the green solution. 
 [Inspect] 
 [????] 
 [A 10 percent increase in all stats. Once consumed. Will last one hour] 
 Although the inspect skill once again couldn't tell where the green liquid had come from, seeing that message caused something to click in Quinn's head. The effect he was looking at now was the same effect when he had consumed the Dalki's green blood. It couldn't have been a coincidence that the liquid in the syringe was green in colour, on top of having the same effect. There was a high chance that it was Dalki blood. 
 'Are the vampires and the Dalki really related after all?' Quinn thought, but there was another confusing thing. The system had seen Dalki blood before, so why didn't it register it. Instead, it just came up with question marks. 
 "Will you be taking the solution for this trial?" the robot said. 
 "Yes," Quinn replied. 
 "What are you doing, Quinn!" Vorden shouted, hearing his answer. "It a risky thing, and maybe the robot won't start the trial until you actually take the thing. We can't guarantee it will be like the rewards." 
 But Quinn had another theory, he was 90 percent sure this was exactly the same as the Dalki blood. When he consumed the blood before there were no side effects and only positives. The way he was now, it was unlikely he would die by such a thing, and it was clear they were testing this out on vampires and possibly humans as well. 
 They wouldn't just outright give them a solution that would kill them. 
 Taking the syringe from the robot, he waited for some type of response. But nothing came, which meant Vorden was right. It wanted him to take the syringe before the trial would start. 
 "Sorry Logan, looks like I'm going to have to find some other way to get you this stuff." Digging the needle into the top of his thigh, the green liquid slowly injected into his body. 
 A strange tingling sensation could be felt inside travelling through, it started to spread all over as if his body was on fire. It reminded him a little of the sensation he had felt at the hospital after consuming too many blood types. Finally, it stopped, but his body felt fresh. 
 [Status] 
 After looking at his stats, a big smile appeared on his face. It was a temporary buff in strength, but since he had hit his limit, he wasn't too sure if it would have worked, but looked like the effects were still there as all of his stats had increased by 4. 
 "Trial two will now begin." The robot said as it moved back and allowed for two objects wrapped in rags to fall to the floor. There was no need to check what was underneath those rags as they all already knew. 
 [Inspect] 
 [A severed human arm] 
 "Not too much of a surprise.." Quinn said. 
 Shortly after, two more larger objects had dropped from the ceiling, and they had already seen these once before. They were the Wendigo's that Vorden had faced only moments ago. 
 "I'm glad I could leave the room," Vorden said. "I would have been dead otherwise." 
 It wasn't because Vorden was by any means weak. Just at this moment, he felt so, due to not having any of his abilities to copy from. He was thankful he had at least the two swords to defend himself. 
 "Where are those ugly things coming from?" Cia asked. 
 "She has a point," Logan replied. "How many of those Wendigo's do they even have? Is there a breeding ground somewhere of some sorts, maybe a storage room where they are all kept in? On top of that, how long have they been up there, judging by the "food" They are dropping with it, it's been a long time since anyone has looked after this place. 
 "I hate to say it, but this facility might be incredibly dangerous. Once Quinn gets out of there, we should do our best to leave this place and stop playing this robot's silly games. 
 "I hate when I have no clue what's happening, and I can't even think straight." Logan's mind had been rattled by this whole experience. The excitement he initially had was now completely gone, and he just wanted to leave. Usually, machines, gadgets and robots would be his safe haven, but right now, he felt extremely uncomfortable. 
 Perhaps at a later time, when they understood more, he would be happy to come back. 
 Quinn stayed in the centre not moving from his spot, he had all of his beast gear on and that included his new gauntlets. They had been equipped before he had even travelled through the teleporter in case they ran into trouble the second they arrived. 
 The two, Wendigo's started to get up from their crouched positions and in a split second both of them lept straight forward towards Quinn. 
 'Your aggressive nature makes you all a little bit too predictable.' 
 They were both quite a bit taller than himself, but when they lept they were slightly crouched like a beast making them level with his shoulders. 
 At just the right time, Quinn jumped up avoiding a pair of long arms and kicking the others away. Now being slightly above them, on the way back down he grabbed them both on top of their heads. He felt like he could have quite easily dealt with them, and if he wanted to he could have crushed their skulls. But there was something he was eager to try out. 
 [Activate skill: Thunder coat] 
 Quickly, the blue lines running through his gauntlets started to light up. They followed from his elbow all the way down to his fingertips. In nearly an instant, a blue electric discharge came out covering both of his gauntlets. The power was passed through onto the wendigos shocking thier bodies. They immediately fell to the floor and started to shake uncontrollably. 
 "It managed to stop them completely. They were quite physically powerful. But the attack doesn't seem to have done much damage?" It was a good opponent to test the active skill on, and so far Quinn was pleased, but still, he had no idea how this would affect even stronger opponents. 
 Using all of his strength, Quinn stomped on the first Wendigos head. Splattering it to pieces. It was done so easily it was as if there was no skull at all. He then did the same to the other while it continued to shake about on the floor, and now their bodies were no longer moving. 
 Cia seeing how easy and quick Quinn had dealt with the things turned her head to look at Vorden. 'Was he just weak?' She thought, but then remembered how quick she could see him moving on the camera, that couldn't be the case and he had even used her spirit blade. 
 It just meant the person she was watching now, was incredibly strong. 
 'I'm glad he's on our side, I would hate to be his enemy.' 
 [A wendigo has been killed] 
 [400 exp gained] 
 [400 exp gained] 
 [First time kill bonus reward] 
 [4000 exp ] 
 [Current exp] 
 [29690/51200] 
 'There's still a long way to go, they're just not strong enough.' Quinn thought. 
 After the robot had finished cleaning up the mess, it did the same as last time. 
 "Trial two completed, please take your rewards." 
 This time, two red pills were displayed, one was the exact same one that Vorden had, as for the other, it looked the same but gave a different effect. 
 [Will permanently increase the user's Agility.] 
 After taking the two pills, the robot started again... 
 "Would you like to continue onto trial three?" 
 Although Quinn thought it might be a good idea to continue on playing around with the trials, he didn't know how long they would go on for and if it would even result in them leaving the place. 
 "No," Quinn replied. 
 The door had instantly opened, and in that brief second, Quinn had activated his boots, giving him a ten percent increase in speed. With his stat increase, the strange green substance and his boots active skill, his speed was now beyond fifty points taking him to the next level. 
 In the short time, using all his strength, he picked up the strange-looking robot, and ran as fast as he could out of the door. As if everything was playing in slow motion in his eyes, he could see the door already closing, but it was far too slow for him now. 
 As the door shut behind him, Quinn had the robot safely placed above his head. 
 "This should be a nice little gift, huh?" Quinn said. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on instagram and facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 391 Trial rewards 
 As soon as Quinn had come out with the robot above his head, the others immediately started to duck behind terminals, tables, and desks. They had all seen through the video feed, what it had done to the Wendigo's body and they were all starting to panic, thinking the robot might suddenly go on some sort of rampage. 
 But, after waiting a few seconds, they started to lift their hands off their ears and peak over the objects they were hiding behind. 
 "What are you all so worried about?" Quinn said, with the robot now standing upright by his side. 
 Looking at the robot closely, previously its single eye on its head would be glowing red, especially when it was giving orders, but now they could see no such thing. 
 Although Quinn wasn't a hundred percent sure, as soon as he said "No" he could see the robot's eye colour dim as it deactivated itself. Even if it did start firing lasers everywhere, Quinn was hoping he could overpower it. Moving its arm and pointing the laser at one of the doors making their exit out of the place. 
 In all honesty, he was a bit disappointed that it didn't start shooting lasers, because they still had the overall problem and struggle of finding a way out of the place. 
 "What were you thinking?" Layla said. "Did you want to keep the robot as a pet or something?" Layla's heart was still beating fast, seeing as she was a little startled. 
 Ever since her change, her emotions were a little higher-strung than usual but, being in the strange lab didn't exactly help things either. Now, instead, it looked like Cia was the one calming her down and giving her comfort, telling her to take deep breaths in and out slowly. 
 "There's a few reasons actually." Quinn replied. "First off, I was hoping to use the robot's laser to try and fry the door open. I know it probably won't work but we don't have many options. The second reason is we have no clue how many trials they are, nor if it will even lead us to getting out of this place to begin with. 
 "What we do know, is Mr. Tin here," Quinn said, slapping him on the head. "Has been giving us all the rewards, and I thought it would be a nice possible shortcut to the end. Maybe the last reward is a key." 
 Approaching the robot, Logan was greatly interested in it. He got Quinn to lay it on the floor and stand nearby in case there were any sudden surprises. As he went to place his hand on top of it, Logan hesitated for a second. 
 The Fear had gotten to him, the fear of failure. Perhaps, just like with everything else, there was nothing he could do. 
 His hand stayed a few inches above the robot's chest shaking, and Quinn noticed this too. 
 "What's wrong?" Quinn asked. 
 "What if I can't do it?" Logan said. 
 "Does that matter? It's not like any of us could do better. Don't you want to be better than Richard Eno?" Quinn asked. He had been around Logan long enough to know what spurred him on, and he needed a push to get back to his usual self. "Well here's your chance right. Everything in here belongs to him and it seems like you've already given up. You never thought it would be so easy as to just use your ability to beat him right?" 
 Thinking about Quinn's words, he knew he was right. For the first time ever, his ability hadn't worked on a machine and it had completely startled him, but others who didn't have this ability of his, still went on to do great things in the past. Was he nothing without his ability? No, he wasn't that type of person. 
 Placing his hand on the metal robot, he waited, but just like the terminal, he was unable to communicate with it. Although this time there seemed to be no response at all. 
 If he couldn't control it, then there were other ways of doing things. Using his spiders they started to form Logan's tool glove over his hand, and he got to work immediately, determined to prove that he could do something. 
 'If Richard Eno was able to make something like this, then I should at least be able to dismantle it!' Logan thought. 
 Unlike the terminal, if they were to dismantle it, it would give no such rewards. The software was the brains behind the operation on that. But here Logan could do work with his own two hands. 
 The others waited patiently, not wanting to make a sound so as to not disturb him, until finally. 
 *Click 
 After a few minutes, a clicking sound was heard and the front panel had finally opened. Inside, five different compartments could be seen. Slowly, one by one Logan took them out and laid them on the floor next to the robot for the others to see. 
 He had separated the items on the floor according to how he had found them inside the robot. 
 The first one was a single syringe and nothing more. The second compartment was completely empty. The third held a syringe and three red balls. The fourth, a syringe and five red balls, and the fifth, another syringe with five red balls. 
 Using his Inspect skill, Quinn could tell the balls were the same as before, only some of them gave different effects. One of the new ones he could see was a way to permanently increase one's stamina. The more he thought about what the balls were able to do, the more Quinn started to relate it all back to his system. 
 The balls were essentially a replacement for his different blood types. As for the syringes, they all had the same effect as the one Quinn had taken at the beginning of the second trial. 
 "I think it's safe to assume why the second compartment was empty. That's probably due to Quinn completing the second trial. The other compartments must be the rewards for the next three trials, making five in total. Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to help us with our problem of getting out of here." Logan said. "But Quinn, are all these balls the same as the others?" 
 "Kind of." Quinn replied. "Some of them have different effects. Speed, strength and stamina, as for the green liquid effect, it's only temporary. It allows for a power boost for an hour. Although I have to be honest with you guys, the system revolves around me. Everything it tells me is based on what effect it will give me if I consume it. 
 "So I don't know if it will have the same effect on you, or if there are even side effects for you guys." 
 Grabbing the items, Logan placed it into one of the many special boxes he had brought along with him from his bag, and placed them all inside for safe keeping. "I think it's best if I take these for now. At some point perhaps I can look into how it will affect us, by that I mean the humans of the group… sorry Layla." He said, looking at the small little bumps on her head. 
 Unsure whether or not the rewards were worth it or, Quinn's quick-thinking plan had helped them, once again they were stuck in the same scenario as before. 
 Looking ahead at the six different doors, he started to wonder if there was a similar robot behind each of them. The Wendigo had given him a good amount of exp, and if he was to complete the trials, fairly this time, in the other rooms in turn, they would get the other rewards. They would give more green liquid as well as what Quinn would now refer to as Blood Pills. 
 In a tough pinch, the green liquid could be the turning point on whether or not he would win a fight in the future. 
 Perhaps, completing the trial and killing all the Wendigos would be enough exp to even level him up to the next stage. 
 'Trials One and Two were quite easy. I wonder if Trial Three would be similar. Would they all just increase the amount of creatures I have to face?' Quinn thought. 'If the fifth trial was just defeating five at one go, it would be a pretty easy job with his shadow and blood abilities to deal with them.' 
 Somewhere above the laboratory was a large, dark space. Not a single light source could be seen, but the sound of growling and howls was constantly heard. Inside the Wendigos would consistently and aimlessly wander around. Some didn't move at all while others bumped into each other as they walked past. 
 Aggressive creatures but no need to be aggressive towards each other. 
 But, in the corner of the large dark space, a pile of pale white bodies could be seen. However, they weren't human bodies. On top of the mound, it was too dark to see but a figure sat on top of it. The sound of chewing could be heard, then suddenly the chewing had stopped and another body was thrown onto the pile. 
 One of the Wendigos who continued to walk around, started to hover near the large pile of bodies. A few seconds later, it had disappeared and the chewing noises could be heard again. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on instagram and facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 392 A way ou 
 After endless searching, it really did seem like there was no way out of the place. This wasn't what they were expecting at all to say the least when they thought of the vampire world. All being stuck in a strange Lab. 
 "Is this how we're going to die?" Cia thought, as she was wondering what she had gotten herself into, but just as she felt like she was about to sob her heart out, the lump in her throat had gone away and a refreshing feeling had entered her mind. 
 "You okay." Layla asked with a smile. 
 "Yes… Actually… much better." Cia replied. 
 Frustrated by the whole thing, Vorden was standing by one of the larger doors that was about as large as a van. He pulled out his black blade and started swinging at it, as hard as he could. He knew it was useless, but they didn't even know how long they had been in the room for and the fear of the unknown of what was going to happen to them started to settle in. 
 "Just…" *Bang "Open.." *Bang "This…" *Bang "Door!" He shouted. 
 Just moments later, after Vorden stopped hitting the door, several groans could be heard from above, screams from creatures and a bit of dirt from the ceiling fell. 
 They all stood in silence waiting for it to pass, and eventually, the groans stopped. 
 "Maybe it's not a good idea to do that, when there's a bunch of Wendigo's above us." Layla said. 
 The reason why they were all slightly frozen though was because of the amount of noise they could hear. It sounded as if a hundred people were up there at once, and the structure they were in looked well built. Yet for a brief second, they could hear the sounds of all their footsteps from above. 
 "Okay, that's it." Quinn said. "We need to do something. How about I start going into the other rooms? Maybe the trial will start again and we might find something different in the other rooms that can get us out of here." 
 "Do you think that's a good idea?" Vorden replied. "What if the trials don't restart and when you enter the other room, it starts from number three, and we don't even know if that will even happen? This place looks like it was used for experiments, right? Well, what do you do in an experiment to make it a fair test? You make them all the same but change one factor, not knowing what that factor could be dangerous." 
 "Well, it's either that or we stay here until we die, so I see we have no other choice." Quinn replied. 
 "… You have a point." Said Vorden. 
 With nothing else to do, Quinn headed over and stood in front of the second door. The others felt a little guilty that Quinn was put in this situation, but it was clear he was the strongest one out of them. 
 As Logan stood by the terminal, he was ready to press the button to open the door to the second room, but as soon as his finger crazed over the button. His ability started communicating with the terminal again. It still wasn't talking to him, but he could feel it. They had angered the computer greatly, and it wasn't going to treat them nicely if Quinn went into that room. 
 "Maybe it's not a good idea after all," Logan said, lifting his hand off the button. "It's hard to explain, but my ability showed me something. The way the machine is acting, it's like its human. I think it was annoyed by Quinn's actions from earlier. I don't think it will be putting you through normal trials anymore if you go in there. It might even override me here, shutting you in and never opening the door again." 
 This was something Quinn didn't like the sound of. Truthfully, he assumed that completing the trials wouldn't open the side doors and only amount to more rewards and the possibility of levelling up. However, the risk and reward just weren't worth it. 
 Walking around, Quinn stood back outside door one and started to think. "Those Wendigos came from above right, and we all heard them up there. Which means they have to be coming from somewhere, right?" 
 "You can't be thinking of trying to go up there?" Layla asked. "Did you hear how many they were, even for you, that would just mean death." 
 Quinn shook his head. "Not up there, but I was thinking. Every time a trial started, what happened right at the beginning? It would always drop a severed arm. Only then, would it drop the Wendigos in after. Which means the human body parts and the wendigos are stored in two different places. I mean, if they were to put it together all the food would be gone. Maybe if we go up there, we can find something." 
 "And how do we get in the room?" Cia asked. 
 "I have an idea." 
 Once again with his finger hovered over the button Logan was ready, and so was Quinn by the original first door. While Vorden stood by the robot. Logan had said it had been deactivated by himself, but it was better to be extra safe. The two gave a nod to each other, signalling they were ready. 
 As Logan pushed the button, the door opened up again. Then instead of entering the room, Quinn decided to stand directly in front of its path. A short time had passed, and the door tried to close. 
 "Maybe I can't break the doors, but I'm pretty sure I'm strong enough to stop you from closing." Using both hands, Quinn pushed against the door, pushing it back into its slot. It wasn't as hard as he thought, but at the same time, it wasn't easy either. 
 "Can you hold it?" Vorden asked. 
 "Yeah, I should be good for a good while." Quinn replied. 
 All of the group apart from Logan then ventured into the room from before. The robot hadn't activated, and a trial hadn't started like the times before, which was a good sign.. Just in case anything happened though, Logan would stay outside. 
 "Do you remember where the arm dropped from?" Layla asked. 
 "It was right here." Vorden said, as he went ahead and tried to cut the square ceiling directly above where the arm had fallen from. At first nothing happened, but the ceiling panel had slightly moved. 
 He tried again a few times and… then success. The panel had been slashed in half, falling to the floor, but with it. Small amounts of blood had dripped down and fell onto Vorden's cheeks. 
 "Yuck!" He shouted. 
 The group allowed the blood to drip from above a little, and when it finally seemed to stop; they looked up. To them it just looked like a dark hole, unsure whether it led to a room, or how the arm even came down to them in the first place. 
 "How did you know the ceiling might not be made of Glathrium?" Layla asked Quinn, who was still holding the door back. 
 "It was when Vorden did his little act earlier. Glathrium is extremely rare and hard to mold, so some of it might not be pure like the doors. But when part of the ceiling had crumbled and fell into the room earlier, I checked it out with my inspect skill. Turns out it wasn't a hundred percent Glathrium. The problem was, I wasn't going to go and start blasting the ceiling, possibly dropping hundreds of wendigos on top of us. If the ceiling in there wasn't pure Glathrium, then maybe here it wasn't either." 
 They all continued to look at the hole above them, each just staring at it, wondering what was up there. 
 "Can someone please hurry up and go in!" Quinn complained. "This is tiring you know." 
 "Oh, I thought Vorden was going to go in?" Layla said. 
 "So did I." Cia replied. 
 "Why, me, aren't you the one with the magic powers now?" Vorden replied. 
 An angry look appeared on her face, but she didn't say anything, and Cia too was staring Vorden down.. 
 "Fine…" Vorden replied as he looked up at the hole in the ceiling. "Here we go." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 393 Hundred Bodies 
 The ceiling from the floor wasn't too high, however, it was lucky that Vorden was quite a tall person. Standing up, he was able to reach the ceiling if he raised his hand with his sword. With a little jump, he could perform an attack while doing so as well. This was how he was able to break the panel in the first place. 
 Still, he needed a little assistance from the two girls to push him up so he could pull himself inside. Since both Logan and Quinn were busy right now, that only left him with two options. 
 Right now, Vorden was standing on top of the girls carefully, he had one foot on the top of each shoulder, like a cheerleader, spreading his weight. 
 "Vorden, how much do you weigh!" Layla said, struggling. 
 "I never thought, small girls like us would be doing this, shouldn't it be the other way round?" Cia said as she tried her best to keep still, otherwise, he would be off balance. 
 "Will you two stop complaining." Vorden snapped back at them. "This is the least you can do, unless you guys want to stick your head first, into a creepy dark whole that you just saw a couple of severed arms fall from. Oh, and let's not forget the 'HUMAN EATING' Flesh monsters that are above us as well." 
 From that point onward, the two girls stopped complaining. Vorden carefully first placed his hand onto one of the other panels for a few seconds and then brought it back down again. 
 'Okay, nothing bit my fingers, that's good, right?' 
 He then did the same thing again, but tried to yank on the panel quite hard, seeing if it would fall when he pulled himself up. But it was pretty sturdy and he decided it should be safe. 
 The girls watching this wanted to say something, because they felt like Vorden was taking extra long, and wasn't sure if he was now doing this on purpose as a form of payback. 
 Finally, he took the plunge and using both hands, pulled his body up. He was unsure whether or not he would be able to fully stand, so he stayed low for a little bit. But when he looked ahead. There were a few light sources here and there across the walls, all blue in colour. They allowed him to see the whole area he was in. 
 Standing up fully on his two legs, he quickly realised he was in some type of cave. Above it was quite a large empty space and on the side, the small lights could be seen. Looking at the hole he had just climbed up from, there was a conveyor belt leading up to it, and the small lights also went along the way, leading to a different area of the cave. 
 When turning around, the Conveyor belt looked as it pathed off into the first room. It then carried on going into what looked like a hole which Vorden would have only been able to fit through if he was to crawl. 
 'Perhaps they lead to the other rooms? Maybe all the trials are the same in each room. The changing factor being the participants themselves.' 
 Looking in front at the other path, it looked a lot more friendly, as there was no need for Vorden to crouch and he could simply just walk. But the conveyor belt took a turn around the corner where he was unable to see anything up ahead. 
 "Are we underground? I don't like it, I remember what happened last time we were underground." Vorden said while drawing both of his blades, ready for any type of beast to come running around the corner any second now. 
 "What do you see!" Layla shouted, when the noise entered through the hole, it started to echo and bounce off the cave walls. 
 Putting his head back through the whole, from the side the conveyor belt wasn't on, Vorden replied. 
 "I think we're underground. It looks like some type of cave, but there's a pathway that's been built. I'll go ahead and follow it to see if there's a way out, or if a way back round to you guys. If there is one, I'll come back." 
 The reason why Vorden wasn't too afraid to travel on his own was because, like Quinn said, it seemed like this part of the cave was perhaps separated from the others, due to placing the food in one area and the rest in another. Also, when Layla shouted, if there was anything here, her voice would have caused some reaction from the creatures. After all, they had sensitive hearing, at least the wendigos did. But Vorden didn't want to think about anything else that was hiding up here. 
 Following the conveyor belt, Vorden could see that there were blood marks on it. He carried on, until eventually, the cave led him around the corner and then finally; he had entered an even bigger cavern. This one was a huge empty site, and it looked like another facility all together was situated in there. 
 If he continued on to follow the conveyor belt, it eventually led him inside the large warehouse looking factory. There were now two pathways, Vorden could either choose to go around the warehouse or go through it. When trying to look closer to see where they both went, it seemed like the final destination was the same. 
 The one thing that was on the plus side was that, just like in the science lab, the entire area looked to have been untouched for many years. The metal was slightly rusted, and covered in dust and dirt from the ceiling above. 
 "What are you doing, you wimp!" Raten suddenly said. "Were you just about to go around the warehouse! Go look inside, you might find something useful." 
 Vorden wasn't stupid. He knew what had come out of the conveyor belt, or most likely, he knew what was inside the warehouse as well. However, Raten did bring up a good point, and perhaps it would help them leave this place. Walking back, he went to the double doors on the side of the warehouse, and braced himself as he walked in. 
 In an instant, a strange smell had hit him in the face, and it reminded him of when he was in the trial room on his own. Not only that, but the smell was around ten times stronger. Afraid to even think, he first looked straight ahead, and all he could see was a path leading to the other door. 
 From the corner of his eyes, he could see several terminals along the side, and then another path, leading to somewhere else. He couldn't help it, and his urges got the better of him as he turned his head to look to his left, to see what looked like a complete horror show. 
 In what looked like a large square glass container, around a 100 bodies could be seen piled on top of each other. Everything was intact, but it was clear that they were dead. But how long for? He had no idea. 
 "How many people did they kill?" Vorden thought. 
 "I think you're thinking about the wrong thing." Raten interrupted. "If there's that many bodies then that's a lot of food, and if they need that much food, how many Wendigo's do you think they have?" 
 Suddenly, a mechanical sound could be heard, as if the machine's in the room had just turned on. 
 'What's going on?' 
 Inside the large glass container, suspended above was a claw like machine. It went down into the pile of bodies and picked one up. Shortly after, it moved to beyond where he could see and dropped the body. 
 'I don't like what's happening.' 
 Back inside the first trial room, everyone was waiting patiently for Vorden to return back with some good news. Him taking a long time was possibly a good sign, but at the same time they could take it as a bad sign as well. 
 Then, while Quinn was at the door, it no longer kept on trying to push back against him. For a second he thought maybe it had given up. Then the next thing he knew, the door came out again trying to slam into him. But he was ready and fast at pushing it back again. The door continually kept on doing this, as if it was trying to ram Quinn of the thing. 
 "This thing is clearly annoying. What the hell is it doing?!" Quinn said, as it was starting to hurt a little, as the door constantly hit him. 
 The two girls started to laugh at the sight, as it did look a little comical. If it was any type of situation, then perhaps Quinn would have complained, but he thought it was nice to see them laugh, even if it was at his own expense. It had been tough for all of them since they had arrived in this place. 
 *Thud. 
 The loud sound of something dropping and hitting the floor caused the girls to immediately stop. It was covered in the usual black rag that they had seen on the screen before. 
 Usually, what followed after the hand was the Wendigos. Three panels from above had opened, and at the same time, three of them dropped from the ceiling. 
 "I hate it when I'm right!" Quinn said. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 394 A Horde 
 Seeing the strange claw machine move, Vorden had a good guess of what was going on. He was in a state of panic. 
 Should I go back and try to help the others? Maybe it's best if I try to find an exit quickly. After all, we could be going up against a whole army.' It was hard for him to make up his mind. 
 'Quinn, you can protect them all, right?' Vorden could trust Quinn's strength, especially after seeing how easily he dealt with two of them. Even if a whole army came down, most likely Quinn and the others were able to hold them off for some time. 
 What was important was to try to find a way out of here, so that they didn't have to risk fighting any more. And with that thought, Vorden dashed towards the other door, exiting out of the warehouse. He carried heading down one of the paths hoping to find a way out, now moving faster than ever. 
 **** 
 Still needing to hold the door back, Quinn did the only thing he could as soon as he saw one of the Wendigos. With one hand he held the door as it continued to barge him, and with the other, he swung it out, performing a blood swipe. 
 However, just as he did, the door had barged into him once again, and had slightly nudged him, causing his aim to be slightly off. As one of the Wendigo's stood up, the swipe continued and had completely cut through one of the Wendigo's arm's causing it to fall to the floor. 
 It screamed and howled in pain. Its attention had moved from the girls, and was now focusing on Quinn. 
 Unable to move his hand freely while giving it the most power possible, it caused his attack to be weaker than usual. Still, it seemed like it was strong enough to deal with the Wendigos. 
 It only took a few seconds before the Wendigo's arm had regrown, it was an amazing sight and Quinn thought that it was probably faster then Peter's regenerative healing speed. 
 He didn't have time to admire that though. 
 "Girls move!" Quinn shouted. 
 As he could see the two girls stuck in the middle, about to be trapped from both sides by the other two that had fallen, but he was more concerned about something else right now. 
 Now, using both hands to hold the door back, he wasn't being nudged as much. Then he threw out a front kick as straight as he could. 
 'Blood crescent kick!' 
 A vertical line came out from his leg that was too fast for the wendigo to react and had completely sliced the creature in half. The attack didn't stop there and continued moving forward, right where the two girls were moving nervously. As soon as they moved though, one of the Wendigos had come quicker than the other. 
 Their movements caused it to leap at the two girls that were coming their way. Holding out her hands, Layla did the only thing she could do. Cia was shaking with fear. She was scared before, but now with the creatures directly in front of her she didn't know how to act, but this was perfect. 
 Layla could use this energy and was now confident in her own skills. She had tried multiple times to use the ability on her own, but still, she hadn't gotten the hang of it where she could do so on demand. Often it would be a fifty-fifty chance. But with Cia along for the ride, it didn't matter. 
 "Spiritual chain!" Layla shouted, and the black ball came outward. It hit the Wendigo, dead on in midair, and black chains wrapped around the beast in less than a second. At the same time, Quinn's attack that had carried on going forward had arrived at the perfect time slicing the creature's head off. 
 Now there was only one Wendigo left, and the person closest to it was Cia. After Layla had used her ability, the fear that had taken over her body and heart started to settle. She didn't know why, but now she was a lot more calm and knew what she needed to do. She started to throw multiple spears into the Wendigo, slowing it down as much as possible. 
 Layla then turned and drew her bow, but before she could even fire, the Wendigo's head was already cut off and it had fallen to the floor. All she could see was Quinn smiling behind it, still being pushed by the door. 
 *Clang *Clang *Clang 
 "Hey can you hear me!" Vorden shouted. 
 Logan, who had stayed by the terminal, could hear a voice from his side. He then noticed that it was coming from the large door on his left. It was one of the exits from the Lab. 
 "Vorden!" Logan said. 
 "I didn't find an exit yet, but I found a way to this door. There are too many tunnels, I think it's best if we go together. Especially if the exit from this place leads to here, anyway." Vorden continued to say. 
 As Logan was just about to reply, the steam sound used to open the doors had interrupted him. As he turned his head, he could see that all of the other doors to the six other rooms had opened. 
 "This can't be good." Logan said. "Vorden, stay there. We'll come meet you." 
 While running to the first room, Logan could see multiple things that were dropping in from the ceiling into the other rooms. They could no longer stay here, and he was unsure if they could even come back. It was best if they left now. 
 "We have to go, start climbing through the hole, they are coming down from the other rooms." Logan said as soon as he entered the room. Quinn then let go of the door, and it had completely stopped trying to hit him. 
 Listening to Logan, Quinn quickly threw the girls up into the hole one by one, and then Logan shortly after. He could now see the Wendigo's enter the large lab that they were in. 
 Using all his strength, he was able to jump quite high and grab on to the hole, pulling himself up. 
 "Come on, follow me!" Layla said, as she was able to see better than the others. The light certainly helped, but without Layla or Quinn leading the way, they would have probably crashed or bumped into some of the walls on the way. 
 Although Quinn was faster than everyone else, he chose to stay at the back of the group, in case any of the Wendigos had caught up with them. But just as they were about to turn around the corner, he looked back, allowing the others to continue running ahead. 
 'They are not following us, can they not jump up that high?' Quinn thought. But that couldn't be it. The creatures were tall and powerful, something like his should have been easy for them. 
 With nothing following them, Quinn went to try and catch up with the others. When he managed to see the large warehouse, he entered the double doors, only to see the group staring at something. When he turned his head, he noticed they were looking at the glass container with all the dead bodies. 
 "Come on." Logan said. "We can't do anything about it now. We can think about it later, let's keep moving or they might catch up soon." 
 Quinn knew that wasn't true, but he too was unsure what they were planning and wanted to leave as soon as possible. There was only one tunnel from the warehouse, and it eventually started to head downwards, until finally it opened up to a large space again. 
 Now there were a few different tunnels splitting into multiple directions. Each lit up with small blue lights along the way. The blue lights, and being underground, started to remind Quinn of the orange portal planet, when he had discovered the blue crystals in the cave as well. 
 "You guys made it!" Vorden said, leaving the metal shutter type door and coming over to the group. "I could hear some noises coming from the other side and I was starting to get a little worried." He said laughing nervously. 
 "Where do we go now?" Layla asked. There were three tunnels in total, one of which they had come from, and then two situated opposite the large metal shutter door. 
 "I don't know." Vorden replied. "That's why I thought it was best to call you guys. If this is the exit from the lab anyway, even if you managed to open the doors we would just be in the same position." 
 Just as they were about to decide where to go, a loud bang was heard.. 
 *BANG *BANG *BANG BANG 
 The banging was coming from the metal shutter, and it repeated itself multiple times, as if a horde of zombies was banging up against the shutter. 
 "They can't get through that, right?" Layla asked. "It's made of Glathrium." 
 Quinn certainly knew he didn't have the strength to break it, so he was quite confident. But then all the little bangs suddenly stopped. 
 *B A N G 
 A loud noise was made, bigger than all of the others before it.. It had startled the group. When looking up at the shutter a large dent could be seen. 
 Whatever had made that impact, it clearly wasn't one of the wendigos and they didn't want to stay and find out either. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 395 A new type 
 The huge dent that could be seen in the shutter was worrying everyone. It was clear that it was the doing of a single creature, and the sudden stop in the Wendigo's noise also made it apparent there was something far stronger than them in there. 
 "Over here!" Quinn said, deciding that they had to make a choice, left tunnel or right tunnel. No one cared as long as they could get away from whatever was about to chase after them. 
 The entire group had entered the left tunnel, but none of them was as fast as Quinn himself, and he was trying his best to hold back his speed for the others. The only one that could keep up a little was Vorden. He always had been naturally athletic, and it seemed like his long legs helped him greatly in this situation. 
 Then Cia, who was falling behind the others, suddenly felt a rock caught on her foot as she tripped and fell to the ground. 
 "Come on!" Layla said, lending a hand picking her up off the ground. 
 The flooring wasn't exactly smooth. Although the cave looked to be carved and man-made, it was left untreated and there were now many bumps that had grown from below and above. It made it even harder by the fact of how dark it was. 
 As they continued to run, it seemed like there was no end in sight, and then Quinn had picked up something with his sensitive ears. Although they had run a good distance away from the shutter, in the cave-like area, loud sounds would often bounce, and his ears were highly sensitive. 
 A loud scraping noise was heard, followed by a few clangs. It was clear that the creature had managed to break the Glathrium door somehow. Straight after that, cries and shrieks followed and the sound of hundreds of footsteps were heard coming after them. The Wendigos were now free. 
 Knowing this, Quinn didn't want to frighten the others even more. If they focused just on running, perhaps they would fumble and fall even more now. 
 "Come on, keep going, I can see something up ahead.��� Quinn lied, but it was the encouragement they needed. 
 The sound of the Wendigos footsteps were getting louder by the second. Quinn knew they were faster than them, and it would only be a matter of time before they caught up. 
 Just in case he decided to slow down and head to the back of the group. Logan had made a note of this move, and he had a good idea of what was going on. 
 After running a bit further, there still was nothing ahead, and the others could only guess what Quinn had said wasn't true. Then a few moments later, the sound coming down from the tunnel could be heard by everyone. Still, it was hard to tell how close they truly were. 
 "Just keep going, don't look back. If they come near, I'll deal with them." Quinn shouted, and the others did just that. 
 Occasionally turning around once in a while, Quinn was waiting to see them pop into his view. He turned and ran. He kept on running and then, they finally came. There were too many to count, and only so many could fit through the tunnel at one time. He had no clue how many were in the hoard. 
 What surprised him most though, was that the Wendigos were even climbing up on the sides and the ceiling of the tunnel, on all fours. There was one in front of the entire pack that was above. Seeing this, Quinn paused and threw a blood swipe directly above. Slicing off its legs and causing it to fall to the ground, its legs soon started to heal, but that didn't matter. For the others behind continued to run forward, trampling over the fallen creature. 
 "Get back!" Quinn shouted as he threw out a few crescent blood kicks, but the distance between them was still great, and somehow most of them managed to move by scaling the walls in certain areas. If the attack did hit, they were able to stop it from hitting their vitals. 
 "I see something!" Layla said. "Up ahead." 
 It looked like a true exit really was in sight for them all. Hoping to slow them down, Quinn directed one of his blood swipes at the cave wall, hoping it would collapse. Even though it had caused a deep groove, it didn't have much effect, due to how thick the cave walls were. 
 Finally, as Vorden rushed ahead towards the tunnel exit, he thought perhaps there would be freedom, but instead, he paused for a brief second looking around him. The tunnel had led to what could only be described as a bridge, linking to another tunnel at the other end. 
 The bridge didn't have anything below holding it, and from the side there was no telling how deep it was. As the other's joined him, they had done the same by looking around. 
 "Keep moving, it will hold our weight, don't worry." Logan said. "It was used before, can't you see, the sides still have the Blue lights." 
 Logan continued forward ahead of everyone else, and the rest of the group soon followed. As they got up to the half-way point, Quinn was still a little behind everyone else and had only just arrived at the start of the bridge. 
 "Quinn, hurry up!" Vorden shouted. 
 Picking up speed, Quinn zoomed ahead to the centre and turned around again. 
 "You guys keep going, I think I can get rid of a good chunk of them on this bridge. I'll slow them down as much as possible and I promise I'll catch up." 
 Vorden wanted to argue a case, telling him to come with them, but seeing the girls and the others, huffing and panting, he knew they were slowing down. Eventually, they would be caught if Quinn didn't do anything. 
 As they were starting to gather on the bridge, Quinn threw out a blood swipe after blood swipe knocking many of the wendigos off the bridge. However, some were able to crawl underneath and started to make their way to the center, trying to attack them. But Quinn was strong, knocking them away and off with a single strike. 
 Another group of them came towards him, and with his palm open, he started to shoot out the blood spray, knocking them back and a couple off the edges into the never ending dark pit. 
 Still, using the blood ability was taking up his life force and he would need a better solution soon. The only good thing was some of the Wendigos were dying in the process giving him a good amount of exp, but it didn't seem like all the ones that were falling off the bridge had the same effect. 
 Finally, the group had reached the end of the bridge and was at the entrance of the tunnel. 
 "What about Quinn?" Layla asked as she turned around and saw him fighting the Wendigos. 
 "He'll… be okay," Vorden said hesitatingly. 
 Then something strange started to happen. 
 "Look!" Cia pointed. "They're heading back." 
 The wendigos were no longer pushing forward and instead started to slowly crawl back to the entrance, but then they made way, making sure not to block the path. A Lot of them then proceeded to curl up into balls and if one was to look close enough, a slight shiver could be seen. 
 There was only one time when Quinn had seen a similar action happen before and that was when the King tier beast appeared under ground. 
 A large footstep was heard, and out from the shadow they could now all see what had the other Wendigos all startled. It was a beast that looked similar to them, but a bit different at the same time. 
 Its body was pale, just like theirs, only wider and larger in size. It's forearms were longer, and at the end it had three claw-like fingers that stretched out about half a meter long. Its arms laid there by its side, and its fingertips scraped across the floor. Its eyes looked completely dead. 
 As soon as Quinn saw it he knew he was in trouble because the system had reacted. A ding in his ear was heard and the notification screen in front of him appeared. 
 [Quest granted] 
 [Defeat the Boneclaw] 
 [Rewards ??????] 
 [Optional quest: Become the Boneclaw's new Master] 
 Although he didn't really understand the details of the optional quest, he knew the only time when it didn���t specify the reward meant it would be a tough battle ahead of them. 
 Quinn looked back at the others, he could see their worried faces, then he looked at all the Wendigos and the Boneclaw in front of him. 
 "Guys!" Quinn shouted. "Exit from this place, try to find as much information about Fex and Peter as you can, and wait for me. I'll see you there." 
 As the Boneclaw and the Wendigo's got closer towards the centre of the Platform, Quinn stomped his foot hard on the ground, and punched downward performing the Hammer strike. 
 The area he had punched was the thinnest part of the bridge, and in nearly an instant, the impact had caused the bridge to collapse and fall. 
 The other slowly watched Quinn, the Boneclaw and the wendigo's fall into the dark pit. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 396 Freedom! 
 The entire group had seen everything, and it was the last thing that they expected to happen. The long thin bridge that connected the two tunnels had completely broken and the strange large creature with the army of wendigos had fallen into the deep dark pit. 
 'Quinn, surely there was a better way than that!' Vorden said as he looked down in the dark hole. Still not being able to even see the bottom. 
 Not all of the Wendigos had fallen when the bridge broke, as there were still many on the other side. they continued to snarl and shout while looking at the others. While standing partly on the broken bridge and some inside the tunnel. 
 One of the Wendigos ran forward and used what little part of the bridge there was before it tried leaping with all of its power. 
 It managed to gain quite a height and distance, but it only managed to reach the halfway point, before falling down into the bottomless pit. After seeing this, a few of the other wendigos attempted to do the same, but all of them ended in the same result. A while later they could tell that there was no way to get to the other side and started to leave, heading back into the tunnel. 
 It seemed, they had at least some instincts. 
 Once they had left, the growls and cries had stopped and no longer echoed, it had quietened down and the group could hear their own thoughts. With this, Vorden went to grab a small stone from inside the tunnel. He peaked over the edge and let go, dropping the stone. The group waited and waited as the stone fell, but no sound was heard. 
 Clenching his fist and closing his eyes, Vorden could only hope Quinn was okay. 
 "It's a big drop, but it doesn't mean he's dead." Logan said, as he knew what they were all thinking and what Vorden was trying to do with his little test. If they were to hear a sound when the rock reached the bottom. Then it would give them an idea of how far the drop down was, but they had heard nothing. 
 "He's not dead." Layla said with confidence as she placed her hand across her chest and closed her eyes. "The connection I can still feel it, he's alive. We should do what he said, try to find a way out here, and meet him outside when we can." 
 Layla's words managed to cheer up both Logan and Vorden. They knew she wouldn't lie about something like this. If Quinn was dead, then she would probably be on her knees sobbing and the fact she wasn't doing that gave the two of them confidence. 
 "Do you think he can get out?" Cia asked. 
 Looking at the broken bridge, it was their only way to the strange base, and Logan started to think if there was any way they would be able to return to it in the future. "This place is quite grand and large and considering it was used as a facility at one point, it's quite possible there is more than one exist." Logan explained. "Remember, there were two tunnels to choose from. We haven't run into any other pathways when we were running down so we can guess the other tunnel leads somewhere else. Also back at the lab where we started. Apart from the six doors for the trials, there were also the two large shutter doors on either side. Most likely there is more than one way to get there." 
 Still, even if there were multiple exits, if one was to get back to the lab, they would have an army of creatures to deal with. Before the group set off, Vorden looked down the pit one more time, as the image of the Boneclaw was pictured in his head. "I hope those things are dead, especially the big boy, and not with you down there Quinn, good luck." 
 Carefully, the group continued to walk through the tunnels, and they were now travelling in pairs. Vorden stuck at the front with Logan. With his equipment, he was able to see and lead the way, and Vorden would be his type of body to guard if anything was to come out. While Cia and Layla stayed at the back. Using Layla's ability to see in the night. 
 They were quite confident no more creatures would come from behind and attack since the bridge was broken, so this formation was designed by keeping both Layla and Cia in mind. Being ranged and support types, they could help out wherever possible. Due to her vampire sub class, Layla didn't have the things that Quinn did, such as super strength, speed and so on. However, her powers also didn't really depend on Quinn like Peter, but instead on her own emotions and Cia's next to her. 
 Proceeding cautiously through the tunnel, they slightly jumped a few times, form strange noises, but most of it was just a water drip from above, or someone kicking a stone across the floor. 
 Cia seemed to be continually praying along the way, as she felt frightened, but every so often that would go away, and Layla standing next to her would feel satisfied. Still, looking at Cia, she really did seem like a different person compared to what she was before. 
 Cia was a cocky, confident girl. 'Was it all because of the Pure training, can it really change a person that much?' Seeing this, Layla started to think back to Erin again. If Cia had changed this much from forgetting everything to do with Pure. How much did Erin change after learning everything about Pure? 
 Gripping her bow tightly, she remembered her resolve. She hadn't only come on this trip to save Fex and Peter or help Quinn out, but it was for herself. To grow her skills and get stronger so she could save Erin one day. 
 The path never split off, and it continued straight. They still walked, but it finally looked like something could be seen ahead. It was still dark, but a little bit of it was clear enough that it was different compared to the whole cave. Not just that, but it looked like the blue lights stopped ahead as well. 
 Then they started to feel the wind breeze up ahead and a smile appeared across all of their faces. 
 "That's the exit, right? I'm right, that's the exit, yeah!" Cia said excitedly. 
 The group was now naturally walking faster than before without even realising it. The idea of getting out of this place was urging their tired and weak legs to walk faster and then finally, they had stepped out of the cave and were all fully outside. 
 Cia and Layla, who were the most tired, immediately fell to the ground, as they rested their bodies. While the two boys started to look around, taking in the scenery they were at and where they had just come from. The sky was dark and two moons could be seen in front glowing. 
 It allowed them to see without the need for night vision equipment, but it was still dark outside. However, it made one thing clear, that they were definitely no longer on earth. In front of them, just out of the cave entrance, was a dark forest. The tree's looked dead, but on a closer inspection, their leaves just weren't green in colour like they were used to, and instead were a light grey in colour. 
 The forest blocked most of their vision, so they weren't able to see beyond, as they looked behind them, to see what they had just exited from, it appeared they were inside a fairly large mountain this whole time. 
 "Maybe if we climb up the mountain a bit, we can see where we are and what's around us." Logan said. 
 "What already," Layla complained. "Can't we have a brief rest before moving?" 
 Honestly, Logan didn't think it was a good idea. They were in an unknown place, and by the edge of the forest. Who knew what creatures remained here. 
 "Don't worry." Vorden said. "I'll go, you look after the equipment and protect the girls." 
 "Then take this." Logan said as a spider ran down his sleeve and hopped onto Vorden's shoulder. "When he comes back, I can see what you saw." 
 The mountain wasn't too steep, and although there wasn't a direct pathway. Vorden was able to scale it with ease. Before climbing, he looked at it for a little while and had chosen the best path. It was all in his head as his foot pushed off from one platform to the other until eventually he was in a high enough place and stopped. 
 "Wasn't his ability just to copy others?" Logan thought. "He has a lot of skill." 
 "He reminds me of a ninja." Cia said. 
 While on the top, Vorden looked out from the platform over the forest outward at their position. The forest was large, but it didn't look like it went on for too far. But past the forest, it looked like they could see what they were looking for. lights were shining from the vampire settlement, and a giant castle stood at the end, surrounded by seven castles on each side. 
 His heart started to thump louder and louder, looking at the place. It was a beauty, a sight to behold, and soon they would be making their way there. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 397 The Boneclaw 
 The sound of water dripping could be heard constantly falling into a large lake. Each time it fell, a ripple would spread out. Floating in the pool of water, several bodies could be seen, bobbing up and down in the water. Some on their fronts with their head stuck in the water, some on their back. One of these bodies... was Quinn, lying on his back. His body continued drifting away, unaware of what was happening. 
 Then suddenly, a large object came crashing down from above in the pool of water, causing waves that pushed Quinn's body off to the side until it had eventually caught on a piece of the cave flooring. His body pressed downward on the floor, with his cheek on the hard and cold surface. 
 Slowly, his eyes started to open, unable to see the sight around him clearly, yet he could still feel the cold water on his legs as his bottom half was still submerged. 
 'I'm… I'm.. alive?' Quinn thought, but the thoughts came slowly as if he couldn't quite piece things together. 
 However, what little he could see was blocked by a notification screen and he managed to make out a few of the messages he had received. 
 [You have received critical damage] 
 [Your health is falling] 
 [9/95 HP] 
 [8/95 HP] 
 … 
 Clearing the messages away, Quinn was trying to see what was around him, but his body felt like it had been completely shattered. There was no telling how high the fall was from, and perhaps if he hadn't landed in a pool of water he would have no longer been alive to tell the tale. 
 Still, even if he couldn't move, he tried to look around. All he could see near him were a few of the Wendigo's bodies who had also wound up on this part of the cave flooring. Some of them had missed the pool of water and were no longer moving, while another that wasn't too far away from Quinn, was starting to crawl his way to him. 
 It's leg's had been smashed, but they were regenerating, and with its long skinny arms, it pulled itself across the floor inching its way closer. 
 "ArgH!!!!" It screamed, and then it started to pick up speed. 
 "I will not... die... here!" Quinn shouted, but he was far too weak to move. Then the Wendigo's body stopped moving. With his vision still blurry, it was hard to make out what had happened, but it looked like something had stabbed it through its head. And a few seconds later its head had fallen to the floor. 
 Seeing this, at this moment, Quinn's eyes went to black again. 
 [5/95 HP] 
 [Auto activating blood bank] 
 [100 millilitres of blood has been consumed] 
 [Regenerating] 
 A certain amount of time had passed, but it was hard to tell how long. This time as Quinn regained consciousness, he could see a lot better. He shook his head and slowly lifted himself out of the water as he tried to remember what happened. When he was hurt, he wasn't able to think straight; it had not only affected his vision, but his mind as well. The blood bank had luckily healed him up using it automatically. 
 [55/95 HP] 
 There was still a 100 millilitres of blood left to be used, just in case of emergencies, and Quinn would keep that for now. He wasn't hungry for blood, and he should have healed enough for it to start eating naturally on its own over time. 
 He started looking around him, and he could see that the twenty or so wendigos that had fallen with him were now dead. However, he started to notice something strange. Although some of them had died from falling, not all of them did. 
 The memory of one coming after him was appearing in his head. As he walked around and took a look, Quinn could see that a lot of the Wendigos' heads had been sliced off. 
 'What happened to them?' 
 The large cut made it look like whatever was able to kill them was able to do so with ease. It was also a clean strike. Quinn started to twist his head around in different directions as if he was looking for something, but he couldn't see it anywhere. When they were on that bridge, there was a large new creature they hadn't seen before, called the Boneclaw. 
 Quinn was sure it had fallen down with him, but looking around, he couldn't find traces of it anywhere. 'Did it sink into the water, or maybe it left me alone because it thought I was dead?' Quinn thought. 
 When on that Bridge Quinn knew what he was doing, he wasn't just being reckless. As he attacked the Wendigos on the bridge and they fell into the pit, around half of them he gained exp from. Meaning they had fallen and died. As for the others that fell, he gained nothing. 
 There was a good chance that Quinn would survive and knowing his body was several times stronger than the wendigos, it was the only thing he could think of at the time, hopefully also dealing with the big Boneclaw as well. 
 Still, the mystery of the disappearing Boneclaw and the cut up wendigos wasn't of his concern.. What was more important to him right now, was finding a way out. Standing by the pool of water, Quinn looked up to see if he could possibly see the bridge from up high, but there was nothing. 
 He needed to find another way out. Looking around, there were a few tunnels that looked like they led somewhere, but unlike the ones above which had blue lights leading the way. These had none, suggesting they were not man-made paths. However, there were some blue crystals stuck into the wall on the other side of the pool of water, which lit up the place quite nicely. 
 Before going, Quinn went to brush some water over his face. He was just about to until he saw all the dead wendigo's in the water. 
 'Maybe that's not a good idea.' 
 As he looked down into the water though, he spotted his own reflection coming off it. A panic set in seeing this, when looking at his own face, he could see something over his shoulder too. 
 Quickly, he twisted his body, turning around, while throwing out his fist, hoping to hit the creature. But his fist carried on going forward as it hit nothing but air, and his whole body spun around. 
 A fighting stance had been taken and his eyes started to dart around the room, yet there was nothing, apart from him and the dead wendigo's body. 
 'But I saw it, the Boneclaw was right there in the reflection.' 
 Sure that he wasn't going crazy. He started to look around the area again, seeing if he could see it anywhere but still nothing. Returning to the pool of water, Quinn gulped before looking down again. And there it was, staring right back at him at his own face, but by his side the Boneclaw as well. 
 Turning his head again, there was nothing there, turning back to look at the reflection: the Boneclaw was there again. 
 Still afraid that it might all be a trick, Quinn punched the reflection in the water, causing large waves to crash, as the water slowly filled back up and started to settle, he could see the reflection once again and it was still there over his shoulder. 
 'Seriously, am I going crazy!' 
 Trying to look out of the corner of his eye, he went to see if it was there, but still nothing. It was clear that the Boneclaw only could be seen when looking in the reflection. 
 A thought came into his head, about the optional quest that had come at the time. Also, the notifications that appeared that he got rid of. Maybe the answers were in there. 
 [Status] 
 [32890/51200 exp] 
 Killing around twenty or so of the wendigos had given him a nice amount of exp, but that wasn't what he was trying to find right now. 
 However, if the Boneclaw had died in the fall, then surely he would have at least levelled up from it. 
 That's when he spotted something strange by his name, something he never thought he would see. 
 [Familiar: Boneclaw] 
 "Bring up past notifications," Quinn ordered. 
 He could see the Blood bank being activated, and him losing health, but before that he could see it. Next to it was a congratulations message. 
 [Quest failed] 
 [Defeat the bone claw] 
 [Congratulations] 
 [Optional quest has been completed:] 
 [Become the Boneclaw's new master] 
 [Quest reward] 
 [You have obtained Boneclaw as your familiar] 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on instagram and facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 398 The Boneclaw's Master 
 Looking at his status, Quinn was at a loss for words. It was an understatement to say that he was shocked. He truly didn't understand what was going on at all, and there were far too many questions he needed to ask and answered at once. Somehow, he had managed to complete an optional quest, and all of this was done while he was passed out in the water. 
 'How is that possible, what happened?' 
 Trying hard to think back at any possibilities, there really was nothing that he could think of. Even if the Boneclaw had been defeated by the sudden fall, then why wasn't the first quest complete, and what even were the conditions to become the Boneclaw's master? Luckily, there was one person with him who could probably answer his questions. 
 Although he wasn't heavily relying on him for help, because there were many times he had failed him before. 
 "Okay, I guess I should start with a simple question first." Quinn said, looking and staring at his status screen. What's a familiar? 
 "I thought, you started to hate me because you hadn't talked to me in so long." The system replied. "Well, I can safely say that we are in my domain now. So any questions you have on this type of topic I can freely give you all the information you need." It said in a cheery voice.. 
 Although Quinn did not look entertained, as he remembered the image of the horrible Boneclaw, it was still sending small shivers down his spine as he thought about it. 
 "A familiar is a vampire's companion. Think of it like a little pet. They do whatever their masters wish for. Their life force is now linked together with yours. But some stronger familiars do have a will of their own. So do not confuse that with complete control. Just because their life is linked with yours does not mean it will do what you say. However, it does mean that they will do everything in their power to protect you. Usually..." 
 "If a familiar dies, it doesn't really die either. It's just temporarily out of use as it takes a while for it to reform, and later on it can be used again. The only way to kill a familiar is to kill its owner. Usually, a marking, or an item of some sort can be used to keep this on your person. Do you remember the earring Fex wore? That to was his own familiar." 
 It certainly sounded like so far there were no downsides to having a familiar, apart from it not being completely under Quinn's control, but it seemed like the pros outweighed the cons. 
 "Does every vampire have a familiar?" Quinn asked. 
 "No," The system replied. "Familiars are, in a way, not of this world. Or you can even go as far as to say not of this universe. At least that's what my research showed me. The vampires from time to time are able to bring these families from their universe into our own. 
 "While this is a type of contract that is usually only formed when they agree to help each other, they tend to only attach themselves to the strong. You see, most of the time, the main goal of the familiar is to stay in this world, but they also have their own wishes. Over time, perhaps a natural bond will be created and they forgo these wishes, but at the start they are a picky strange type, if they believe that their master can no longer satisfy their desires or wishes, they will attempt to kill the owner. They would rather die than be with someone so weak. 
 "Because of this, a special rule was put in place. Only the vampire leaders as well as their successors are able to have a familiar. Since this rule was implemented, I don't believe there has been an incident. Not during my time, anyway. Over the years we learnt more and more to make it less dangerous, so in truth perhaps more vampires could have familiars as well, but now it has become a tradition to only allow the leaders and their successors to have them." 
 As expected, there always seemed to be a downside to something like this. It couldn't have all just been one way, but nothing in life was like that. There had to be some kind of a balance. 
 The image in his head had appeared of the Wendigo being stabbed through the head again. Then Quinn started to think about all the Wendigos that were dead around him. Was that all the doing of the Boneclaw? If that was the case, then instead of killing Quinn, did the Boneclaw decide to choose him as his master? 
 "Why me? Why did the Boneclaw choose me?" Quinn asked. 
 "Well, although I said I could give you answers to everything, I can't read the Boneclaws mind. However, there is someone we can ask. Why don't we ask the familiar himself?" 
 Knowing that the Boneclaw had chosen him, Quinn didn't think it would decide to kill him this early on. It was still too early on to tell whether or not he was worthy. So it shouldn't be a risk. 
 "How?" 
 "Take off your shirt." The system ordered 
 "What!" Quinn said, a little embarrassed at the request that he made. 
 "Don't be silly now, I have no interest in a young boy's body, who do you think I am?" The system said half annoyed. "The reason why I'm asking is that there is no object and when you look in the water, you are able to see the Boneclaw's reflection, correct? This means the Boneclaw has attached itself somewhere on you. Perhaps there is a marking of some kind, and right now I can't see any markings on you. I'm just hoping it's below your shirt and not anywhere else." 
 Hearing this, Quinn too was hoping that the marking wasn't in some type of strange place. As he complied with the request and started to take off his shirt. 
 "Ah, there it is!" The system said with joy. "It looks like the marking is on your back" 
 The marking was a circle the size of a fist down his back, and when looking closer, it looked more like a strange-looking skull. As it had two dark eyes and the mouth of a demon.. 
 "It looks kind of cool. It suits you. Go on then, now we know where the marking is, why don't you summon it!" the system said. 
 "That's what I was waiting for you to tell me how to do, you idiot." Quinn said, as he was starting to get frustrated with the system more and more. 
 "Hey, it's been a long time, and I can't tell you everything. Most of the time it comes from a special feeling. Why don't you just try to think of the Boneclaw, maybe it will appear!" the system shouted back. 
 In truth, if one was to watch the argument that was going on right now, they would only be able to see one person here, Quinn shouting and no one else. For when the system spoke, it would speak in his mind. 
 Still, while the two were bickering loudly, the voice managed to attract some unwanted attention. One of the Wendigos who was in the water was still alive. It slowly started to paddle its way towards the noise. 
 While all of this was happening, Quinn was unaware, still bickering away. A loud splash was heard as it leapt its way across the pond out, and with its long arms stretched it was coming towards Quinn. 
 The loud shriek had shocked Quinn, but what surprised him even more, was before he could even do anything to kill it, directly in front of him, the very thing he was trying to summon was there. The creature's body had blocked the view of everything, its back was large blocking Quinn's view, so he was unable to see anything that happened. Then when it turned around, the blood could be seen covering its long dangling fingers. 
 Not even for a second, did Quinn even feel like he was the master of such a powerful looking scary thing. But it stood there right in front of him doing nothing, and the system also noticed the marking on his back had disappeared. 
 [inspect] 
 [Boneclaw] 
 [Large Undead, who always seem to be suffering in hatred and pain. When searching for master it specifically looks for those with the strongest source of evil intent in the area. It will do whatever it can to fill this need of its master's desires. 
 They love to torture their victims and hide in the shadows. They have the ability to constantly teleport within a small area and will use their hardened bony fingers to slice their enemies. 
 While some Boneclaws do appear before their masters and fulfil their wishes. At times they will go out on their own, fulfilling their masters' subconscious desires.] 
 Reading the information in front of him made Quinn equally confused. He had no evil desires, or at least to him he thought he had no evil desires, so why did it choose him? Or was it just stuck in the facility for so long that it had chosen to attach itself to the first thing it could see? 
 Plucking up the courage, Quinn decided to ask.. 
 "Why, why did you choose me!" Quinn said. 
 The system wanted to interrupt Quinn, asking him what he was doing. If this confrontation ended badly. Then there was a chance it could change its mind and try to kill Quinn. Forcing a fight that they had just avoided. Boneclaws were incredibly strong, and the truth was the AI had never heard of a vampire managing to obtain one as a familiar before. At least not a normal vampire. 
 The last one that had done was the Vampire King during his time. 
 The Boneclaw didn't reply and simply lifted its finger, pointing to one of the tunnels. 
 "I think he wants you to go this way?" the system said. 
 Shortly after, the Boneclaw started to disappear in front of Quinn, like a shadow slowly fading, and eventually, the mark on his back had appeared again. 
 Putting back his clothes on, Quinn felt like there was nothing he could do for now, and he would just have to go along with it. The Boneclaw chose him, and it didn't want to kill him. That was good enough for now. As long as it didn't try to stop him from trying to save Peter then that was okay with him. 
 Out of all the tunnels that he could have chosen to go down, Quinn eventually decided to pick the one that the Boneclaw had chosen. It was clear it didn't want to kill him, so perhaps it was trying to show him something. 
 After a long walk down the tunnel. He was finally greeted with a few stairs. Walking up the stairs, there was what looked like two slanted doors. Pushing them open, the outside sky could be seen. He had finally exited from the cave. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 399 In the trees 
 Returning down from the hill, Vorden explained to the others what he had seen. While the little spider hopped back over that was with him and was able to pass on the information to Logan. He could now see everything as if he was on top of the hill and had seen everything himself. They decided to move a little away from the entrance but not too far so they were out of sight of the exit. 
 They found a small covering, it looked like a dent inside the mountain which made it nice for cover, but it didn't go in two deep. They stayed here while one person would keep watch on the entrance. The reason why they chose to do this, was just in case Quinn would soon be out after them, but as time went past, it was becoming more apparent that he might not be coming out anytime soon. 
 Still, everyone thought it would be a good time for them to rest before setting off again. They had just gone through quite a draining experience, after all. 
 "So, the castles and everything, this really is the vampires' home planet?" Layla asked. 
 "Yeah, looks like it, and judging by the size of the city, it seems like there's quite a lot of them as well." Vorden replied, as he stood just outside the small exit of the cave watching the entrance where they had come from. 
 "So what is the plan?" Cia said, sitting and leaning her head on Layla's shoulder. 
 "It might be possible that Quinn has already left through another exit." Logan said. "Although we could wait for him, he did say to go and try to find out as much information as possible. The mountain is quite large and as soon as he leaves, he might also head straight for the vampire settlement. We're only wasting our time here if we stay any longer." 
 The others sat in silence as they thought about it for a while. They honestly all knew what they needed to do, but still they just weren't quite ready for it yet. Judging by how Quinn had been acting in school and this whole time here, he was recently trying to rush through everything. The others couldn't really blame him for this either, as they had a month in total to find out where Fex and Peter was, come up with a plan to save them, and safely return back to the school. 
 It sounded like a lot of time, but it really wasn't at all. Especially when they had no starting point and no information to go on. They were in the unknown. 
 Using the tools in Logan's backpack, he was able to give out some blankets for the others to sleep in. They took it in turns as they slept. It looked like for now the mountain area was quite safe. At least the outside area of it. So far they hadn't seen any signs of life, including beasts or a sort that came close to it. But they couldn't say the same for the forest as they had yet to enter. 
 After everyone had a good rest, they were now ready to set off again, Layla looked at the sky and it was still dark outside. It felt strange to go to sleep and wake up hours later still seeing the sky the same colour. But it was something they all just had to get used to. 
 "Okay everyone, have your spray bottles and masks ready." Logan said. Apart from Layla, the others took out the spray bottles with the red liquid inside. Logan demonstrated giving two sprays to himself, and the others followed. To them, they could smell no difference. 
 Layla also couldn't tell the difference, which meant it was most likely an ability that only the vampires possessed. And was not part of the subclasses abilities. 
 "With the masks, just keep them on you for now. It's okay if they see your face, we are not here to cause trouble anyway. But if something happens, we get split up, or anything of the sort. Then we will be able to communicate using these." Logan explained. 
 "Did you have to say that?" Layla said. "You know you just jinxed us, right?" 
 With everything packed and done, the group took one last look at the cave entrance they had exited from, hoping Quinn would be there, but still, there were no signs of him. Closing her eyes, Layla could still faintly feel him, so she decided to continue walking forward, knowing he was okay. 
 As they entered the forest, just like when inside the cave, they were on high alert. This in itself was mentally draining. Perhaps a large snake, or maybe even something worse than the wendigos were in here, but they knew it needed to be done, so they carried on moving with caution together. 
 As they continued to walk, they saw plants that they had never seen before, strange large multicoloured mushrooms. Trees that bended and twisted in strange ways. It was similar to a beast planet, but for some reason, they just felt like everything looked ten times scarier. 
 "The city shouldn't be too far ahead. Do you think we'll get in okay?" Vorden asked. 
 "From what I saw, there didn't seem to be any gate or anything of that sort situated there." Logan said. "Perhaps they are confident in their strength, or maybe this is the first time their base has even been found without them knowing about it." 
 "And, what happens if they find out we aren't actually vampires?" Cia asked as she took a gulp. 
 "Taking a guess, perhaps we would be put in a class container like the last one." Logan replied. "Fed to some creatures or pets the vampires own. Maybe our blood will even be used for food. I wonder if my blood tastes good?" 
 "Would you please stop going into details." Layla replied seeing Cia was now feeling a bit woozy. 
 "Maybe we shouldn't ask questions, we don't want to know the answer to." Vorden replied. 
 Just then, the sound of leaves could be heard rustling behind them. In an instant, they turned around, but Vorden chose to not draw his weapons out. This was because the sound wasn't just coming from one direction. 
 The rustling of leaves were coming from multiple directions. As they looked at what was happening, all they could see was black figures moving from tree to tree at an incredibly fast speed, and when it finally reached them, each of them was ready for a confrontation. A few seconds later though, and nothing happened. 
 The small black shadows that could be seen from the trees continued heading forward, heading towards the city. 
 "What were they?" Cia whispered to Layla. 
 "I think it's best if we stop talking about our situation now that we are getting closer to the vampire settlement." Vorden said. "We all know how good Quinn's hearing is, there are others who could be the same." 
 Vorden didn't say it outright, but Logan understood why he had brought it up. It was a good chance that the things that were moving about in the trees, were vampires. 
 The group continued to walk forward for a little bit, this time not saying anything to each other, but then, the rustling of leaves sounded again. When looking behind them, only with two of the trees this time could they see the leaves rustling from one onto the next. 
 They were heading towards the group and Logan continued walking while signalling to everyone that they should do the same. 
 "I told you we would be late!" A voice shouted out loudly. "I can't believe you wanted to try to look for something better." 
 "It's not my fault. When we all go in like that they all run away, well hopefully this is a nice enough gift for our first day." Another male voice said. 
 As the two boys jumped from tree to tree, a certain smell managed to enter one of their noses, when looking down they could see a group of kids. 
 "Hey, do you think they know what time it is?" One of them asked. 
 "What, walking at that speed, of course not!" The other replied. 
 Suddenly, in front of the group out from the trees, two figures dropped directly in front of them. Both of them were male and looked to be around the same age as them. One of them was black-skinned in color with a crew cut named Fred. While the other had long wavy hair that split both ways, going down to his shoulders named Snow. 
 They looked like an odd pair of friends, but that didn't matter right now. 
 "Hey, do you know what time it is, if you guys don't hurry up you're going to be late." Fred said. 
 The others didn't reply to it, knowing that if they said something wrong or suspicious, it could become troublesome. Hence they decided to leave it to Logan instead. 
 "Late…" Logan said, and nothing else. 
 What he was pleased about, though, was it seemed like they hadn't been found out and the spray had worked. 
 "Yes late, they'll kill you if you're late!" Snow shouted, looking concerned. 
 The others standing at the back were getting more frightened by the words. "Kill". 
 "Yeah, the teachers will kill us!" Fred said. "It's the first day of school after all." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 400 Vampire school 
 Walking through the forest, the group and the two vampires were now travelling together. Not much was said apart from their initial reaction. One because of how much of an urgency they seemed to be in, and two, because the others didn't want to say anything either. 
 At first, they were running through the forest, they were now not travelling up in the trees but by foot, and every so often they seemed to stop to check their position. This was good for some of the others, as they felt like they were outright sprinting just to keep up, rather than jogging, but soon they started to slow down as they got closer to their destination. 
 Without saying much more, the group felt like they had no choice but to follow the students in front of them. They all had no clue how the vampires' system worked, but one thing was clear, they were mistaken as students. 
 Vorden while looking at the others couldn't really blame them either. Apart from him, the others looked like kids, perhaps even younger. Especially Logan with his short body frame and small limbs. He was surprised he didn't get mistaken for a middle schooler more often. 
 The good news was that the group wasn't too far away from the location that they needed to go, but then while following Fred, he noticed that they took a slight detour. Right now they were not heading towards the large city at all, but off to the side. 
 "Come on, you slowpokes!" Fred said, annoyed. "I know we're nice to show you the quickest way and everything, but we don't want to be late." 
 Just then, as they had exited out of the forest, the trees started to clear and they could see what only looked like a regular school campus. Maybe regular wasn't the correct word, as it seemed like the building was built in an old Victorian style. There were a total of four separate buildings. In front of that was a large open dirt field. A couple of hundreds of students could be seen walking inside. 
 And off to the side of the main building, there were three old buildings to the right, some of the students were heading that way as well but far fewer. 
 "Well, we got you here." Snow said. "So don't blame us if you don't hurry it up." 
 The two quickly fled ahead and went to enter the school. 
 "What do we do?" Layla asked. "This isn't the main city, right?" 
 "By my calculation." Logan replied. "It shouldn't be too far from here, it should only be a few hundred meters to the right." 
 "So should we just leave?" Cia asked, as she continually looked at the students, although she had to admit most of them looked just like regular humans, but just as she thought this. She spotted a strange female student with wings and a tail on her back going off into one of the buildings. 'No they're not normal at all.' 
 "Maybe that's not a good idea." Vorden said. "We don't know the vampires' rules. Maybe all students around our age are required to go to school. If we were spotted around town, it would raise suspicion. Right now we know nothing about this world and it could be a good chance to learn more about it." 
 They knew Vorden spoke good sense. The humans had a drafting system themselves, and even in the past there were some countries that had laws that were different from others. The worst thing they could do is offend someone without knowing it, causing a big issue while they were here. 
 "But, won't they know we aren't meant to be part of the school?" Layla said. 
 "You can leave that to me." Logan replied. "There's bound to be a computer system somewhere. It's clear they use technology, based on the teleporters it might even be better than our own. Also, I think we all missed one big point. Fex was the same age as us. Surely he went to school as well. This could be the perfect opportunity to learn what happened to him, or what is going to happen to him. We can regroup with Quinn and leave this place later once we find everything." 
 With that said, the decision would be made, for now, they would pretend to be students learning about the vampire ways and world, also while trying to gather information on Fex. 
 "Oh, and one more important thing, I don't think I need to say this, but I thought so just in case." Logan said. "Remember to spray yourself, every four hours, the maximum limit is five, don't let anyone see you doing this unless you have to, and lastly, although the spray can cover up your outside smell it can't cover up what's inside you." 
 The girls looked a little confused about this. 
 "I'm talking about your blood, don't go causing trouble, don't start any fights. If they catch a whiff of our actual blood, I'm sure the whole place will know in seconds that we are humans." 
 They all nodded and understood, and it took a few seconds more for Cia than the others to pluck up the courage to start moving forward. But as long as she had Layla by her side, she knew she would be okay. As she turned her head to take a look at her, she gave a smile. 
 As the group walked towards the school together, they made sure to stay close. It wasn't much of a problem as kids often travelled in groups so it didn't look too suspicious, but suddenly as they entered the middle of the field they heard a scream. 
 "Ahhhh!" A group of shrieks at the same time was made. 
 As the group turned their heads to see what was happening, it was a group of five girls who looked a little odd. Some of them had tails, while others had more vampiric or demonic features. Even a bit of red skin on one of them. 
 'Did they find us out, this soon already?' Vorden thought as he started to feel his back sweating a little. 
 Then one of the girls lifted their hands and pointed at Layla while they continued to scream, and the next second they had rushed over. 
 "Oh my god, oh my god!" The girl at the front said. She was a blonde girl, with a fairly large rack and had her shirt open, revealing it as so. One of the most unusual features was the single horn on top of her head and the red tail that came out from her behind. 
 'Wouldn't you want to just stick your head in those and shake them about!' Raten said! 
 Vorden honestly, didn't have a response, and looked away from the girl, so Raten could no longer see. Although this didn't go unnoticed by the blonde girl in the front and she quickly moved over to the side, and started to go up Vorden's leg with the end of her tail. 
 "Please, don't." Vorden said having grabbed the tail before it could do anything else. 
 "Pft, you're no fun." the girl said as she went back to the other girls who had practically surrounded Layla and shunned Cia out of the circle. Cia was constantly trying to get in so she could stay close, but she couldn't in the end. 
 "I can't believe it." One of them said as she placed her hands and started to touch the two small bumps on her forehead. "They're real." 
 The group of girls continued to stare at Layla as if they were star struck, and Layla didn't know how to deal with this at all, as she continued to fidget, but didn't want to try to shove her way out of the circle. 
 "Are you really a Hannya?" One of the girls asked. 
 Layla knew what she was after Logan and Quinn had informed her. She then went on to do some research of her own, and she was indeed the Hannya thing that they were referring to. 
 "Uh, Yes I am." Layla replied, in a soft shy voice. 
 "Wow, so she really is one, I've never seen one, weren't they meant to be all ugly, but this one is so pretty." Another girl said. 
 "Come on." The blonde girl in front said as she grabbed Layla by the hand. She started to drag her off to one of the buildings located to the side. "We'll look after you, otherwise these scary boring boys will take advantage of you." She then quickly pulled her tongue out at Vorden, who's face had gone red at this point. 
 "Wait!" Cia shouted, but Logan quickly stopped her from saying anything else. 
 Logan noticed that the building they were heading to wasn't the same building that Fred and Snow had gone into. On closer inspection, it looked like different types of people were heading into different buildings. 
 As Layla was being pulled away, she had to ask. 
 "What's going on, aren't we supposed to go to the main building?" Layla said. 
 "Don't be silly." The blonde girl replied. "That's only for vampires, we're subclasses, you have Category A over there, then building B and us are in C. Looks like you didn't pay much attention to the information they sent to your home, but don't you worry, we'll look after you." 
 Layla then turned her head, as she continued to be dragged away from the others, with a concerned look on her face. She had been separated from the group. 
 But she wasn't the only one that was affected, as Cia too now felt like she was alone. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
 
	 Chapter 401 A new classroom 
 Seeing Layla get dragged off like that was an unexpected outcome that they didn't plan for, But Logan knew this might be the case. There was a good chance that more unexpected things like that would happen. He hated the fact that they were in the unknown right now and he had no information about anything. 
 This wasn't his way of planning or doing things. Not like this. More than ever he constantly was put on the spot , and needed to make decisions instantly before obtaining all the facts. 
 However, he was least worried for Layla out of everyone else. For she was the only one that was actually a subclass of a vampire. Her identity was harder to be revealed compared to the rest of them. 
 A single ring of a large bell was heard, signifying that it was time for classes to begin. One ring, and then no more. The group now having lost Layla were making their way through the school halls, but they were now completely empty, void of students as soon as the bell had rung. The excitement and chatter that was filled everywhere just seconds ago had stopped. 
 "Hey, hey, isn't this bad?" Cia said. "What are we going to do about Layla?" She asked while the group continued going down the hallway as if they were looking for something. 
 Logan for the most part was concentrating on the information his little spiders were giving back to him. Right now he was looking for some type of server room where they kept the school files. As long as they had this and he could add their names on to the list, they would be okay. Even if they got into trouble for being late to the class. 
 "Don't worry about Layla, she's a strong one, she's more skilled than you know." Vorden replied, 'And so are you.' He said in his head, knowing full well that the two of them were ex agents of Pure. 
 Finally, it looked like Logan had found it, although to alter it, he would need to use his own ability directly. They carried on walking through the halls until they eventually found the room that they were looking for. It was unguarded, unlike the facilities at their own school. Perhaps it was because the vampires trusted each other, or they were too scared to do anything drastic like this. 
 Logan entered the room by himself, while Vorden and Layla continued to stay outside on guard. They looked around, but it really did seem like not a single person was late for their classes or were scanning the hallways 
 The silence made it a little awkward between the two of them until eventually, Cia decided to break it. 
 "Hey Vorden, do you remember who I was, you know, before the memory loss?" 
 As she asked the question, flashing memories appeared in his head, of all the strange advancement she had made towards him and all the compliments as well. Maybe Raten enjoyed them, but Vorden certainly did not. 
 "You were... a confident girl." Vorden replied. 
 Meanwhile, Logan was in the room, which was dark inside and filled with red Led lights. There was a large terminal, one of the likes he had never seen before. This caused him to slightly hesitate after what had happened at the science lab. 'They can't all be like that right. If I can't do this, then we're going to have to change everything.' 
 Placing his hand on the machine, he waited a few moments, his heart thumping loud and his palms slightly sweating, but after a few seconds, a smile appeared on his face. The machine was listening to him. 
 After gathering information from the machine, Logan found that there weren't many students in the school at all. Altogether there were around five hundred students and that included the other buildings as well. The other thing he found strange was there seemed to only be a single year group. 
 It was strange indeed, but the computer only had information on the school and didn't have the reason why it was like the way it was. Hopefully soon they could find out. At first, Logan was going to add them to the class with the least students, but it turned out nearly every class had a small number of students. Going up to twenty at most. 
 The computer system was also linked to the other systems around the campus, so Logan also altered the information on the other computer as well for Layla's sake. 
 "And done." Logan said. 
 Exiting out of the room, it was time for them to find their classroom, which was the classroom D. The halls were split into different letters depending what side they were on and eventually they had finally found it. No longer could the three of them talk about certain matters, and they would just have to find as much information as they could on their own for now. 
 Before they even were able to step into the room though, a female voice was heard. 
 "Are you going to come in or stand there all day!" She could tell people were standing outside. 
 Entering the room first was Logan, with Cia and Vorden behind them. Looking around the room, the female teacher could be seen standing at the front, in front of a digital display, while all the students were sitting in their seats that went diagonally up in each row, similar to a cinema. 
 Two of the students in the class noticed who had just come in. It was the two students who had helped them get here, Snow and Fred. 
 'Whoa, they really didn't listen to us, there mega late.' Fred whispered. 
 'I know, I wonder what the…" 
 "Stop talking!" The teacher shouted as she flicked her finger and threw out what looked like a little red bullet that managed to hit Snow right between the eyebrows. His head was flung backwards, and he had fallen off his chair. 
 The teacher then turned around to look at the three in the classroom. 
 "Now, who are you three?" She asked. 
 "We are students of this class." Logan replied as he bowed down. "Sorry we are late!" 
 The other two quickly did the same and apologized as well. "Sorry we are late!" 
 "It looks like you have manners." The teacher said, "but I'm afraid you have made a mistake, all the students are already in my class, the list has been checked and everyone on the system is here and present. It would be best if you found your real class and let them punish you." 
 "Is it possible you made a mistake, miss?" Logan said. 
 Hearing the student say this, many of the students gritted their teeth together, some felt like ducking underneath their desk in fear that the teacher was going to explode. They had all heard the rumors of how strict teachers were, and especially about this new one. 
 She looked at the three carefully, and out of all of them, she could hear the heartbeat of the young girl the loudest, it was clear that she was frightened. 
 "Very well, I shall check again, but let me tell you, I am thorough and can't remember the last time I made a…" But the teacher decided to stop herself there before continuing. 
 As she went to her computer system, the three and the entire class waited in silence, and just like Logan had said, there were three names she hadn't recognised before added. 
 'I'm sure, there weren't this many students in the class when I got the schedule this morning. Did they shift around the student's last second, maybe?' She thought. 
 Leaving her computer she walked over to the three, not wanting to admit that there was a chance she had possibly made a mistake she said... "It seems like there has been a last second shift in students from the other classes and no one cared to inform me. But due to me being wrong and you being late, I have decided not to give you any punishments please take a seat." 
 There weren't many spare places left in the class, so the three of them had to sit separately from each other. Cia sat next to a couple of girls, Logan sat near the back next to a large boy and Vorden decided to sit next to the two they had met this morning, Snow and Fred. 
 With everything done, it was time for the real class to begin. 
 "Alright everyone, since three people were late, I have decided to start the class from the beginning again." She said. There were no complaints or moans made from any of the students. She walked up to the digital display and wrote out her name on the board as she continued to speak. 
 "Now, as a lot of you may know, I'm a new teacher that has decided just to start this term. I'm sure you have heard many things surrounding my family and events, but I want you to forget all of that. You are my students and I will do my duty that has been asked of me. All of you may call me…" 
 Moving to the side allowing the class to see the screen, written out on the digital display were the words, S I L V E R. 
 "Silver." She said, with the plain straight face she always had. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 402 Start with a B 
 Not a lot of people knew why Silver had suddenly decided to become a teacher. Usually due to the duties of a vampire knight, one was too busy to do such a thing. For some reason though, after learning about the events of her brother, she had decided to become a teacher after coming back from earth. 
 For her, it was something to take her mind off. She actually realised she quite enjoyed teaching back at the military base and thought she would give it a shot here. 
 But what was even more surprising for the others, was the fact that Sliver had decided to become a normal teacher. Her rank as vampire knight meant if she really wanted to, she could be teaching the direct descendants of the thirteen families, the next potential leaders. They often got taken out of class and were given special lessons on top of everyone else that the others weren't allowed to access. 
 So when people found out that Silver was actually going to be teaching normal vampire students, the word had quickly spread around, especially those in class D. 
 Sitting in the classroom right at the back, Logan was looking at all the students and noticed a stand out thing between them all. That was the fact that all the boys seemed to be in the middle of a daze while looking at the teacher as she spoke. It took Logan a while as he didn't understand quite what was going on, as it seems like the girls weren't doing the same. Most of the girls, at least. 
 "Okay." Silver said. "Now that my introductions are over its time for me to hear about yours. Please state your name, and your family number. No one cares about what you like doing, or what you like eating. So let's keep it short and sweet and we can get on with this lazy introduction." 
 She looked around the room and pointed at the boy closest. "You, up here and you can go first." She said, as the boy walked close up and went closer to her. His face then started to turn red. It was also apparent that he was fiddling with something behind his back, and that's when he pulled out what looked like a small little red crystal. 
 "Teacher! I know you don't know me, but I brought this for you as a gift, hoping we can get on a good start to our relationship." The boy said with his hands held out. 
 "Thank you." Silver said as she placed the gift on her desk next to her. Silver thought nothing of this. It was normal when visiting other families, and the homes of lesser vampires for them to come bearing gifts like this. Although she wasn't entirely sure if it was normal for students to do so. 
 Seeing this, Logan finally understood why all the boys were acting the way they were. When looking at Silver it was obvious, it was because she was a beauty, the boys wanted to impress her on the first day. Although Logan wasn't really into relationships and that type of thing, he could at least tell when someone was beautiful or not, and he couldn't deny Silvers with her perfectly symmetrical looks. 
 'They say the more symmetrical someone's face is the prettier they are.' Logan thought. 'It seems her beauty has had quite an effect on these people. Perhaps there is a chance I can create a robot that's even more symmetrical. One with the perfect square head, a flat nose, and the eyes in the perfect spot. This will surely attract everyone.' 
 If other people were able to picture what Logan had in his mind as perfect, they would think he was a mad man, or at least crazier than they already thought. 
 "My name is Tullen Difonde." The boy said. "I belong to the 9th family.. My favourite things… are." 
 "Ermm" Silver cleared her throat, interrupting the boy. "That's enough." 
 The boy was now even more embarrassed than before and quickly went back to his seat. 
 The introductions continued as they went around in a row, one after the other, and there seemed to be a similar pattern. All the boys had in one way or another given a gift to Silver. Some of them were red crystals, while others were special plants or items of clothing. 
 Vorden, watching the whole thing, found it strange as well, that only the boys were presenting gifts and not girls. Perhaps it was a vampire tradition that he didn't know about, and since he would be one of the first boys, being called up before Logan. He would also have been the first boy to have nothing to present to Silver. 
 "Hey, um... I kind of have no gift for Silver, you think that will be okay?" Vorden whispered to Fred, who was sat to his left. 
 Fred quickly looked at silver carefully, seeing if she was paying attention to their conversation or not. He didn't want what happened just moments ago to happen again, and that too, to him rather than to Snow. 
 "You'll be fine." Fred whispered back. "When all the boys found out about who our teacher was, we met up and decided to all go into the forest and try to get a gift for her. You know how well known Silver is and her beauty, and she still yet to find a man." 
 At that moment, Silver's head twitched a little, and Fred immediately straightened up his body and looked ahead as if he had done nothing wrong. 
 With this little information, Vorden understood a little of what was going on, and why there were so many vampires rushing towards the school this morning. It was class D. He felt a little safer now knowing he wouldn't get in trouble for bringing a gift. It was a peace in his mind, but soon that peace was ruined. 
 "Okay, you're next." Silver said as she pointed at Cia. 
 Although Vorden was the first boy to be called of the group, he wasn't the first one to be called of the group and looking at Cia shaking as she got up from her seat, Vorden was incredibly worried. 
 'Perhaps Quinn was right, Maybe bringing her to this world wasn't such a good idea after all.' Vorden thought. 
 As she went up to the front, everyone noticed how much her legs were shaking. It was unusual for one to act like this, sure some of them were nervous but not at this point. 
 "My name is… Bia." She said. Beforehand they expected something like this to happen, so they told everyone to use fake names that Logan had put onto the computer. However, Logan wasn't very creative when it came to the name calling process and decided to just change a single letter of everyone's name to start with the letter B. 
 Even if they were to use their first names, it was unlikely that the vampires would be able to track them down, as there were many people called Vorden and Logan in the world. Their names were quite popular in today's society. But it was better to be safe than sorry and to leave no clues behind. 
 Still, Vorden couldn't help but shake his head at the dreaded naming sense that Logan had come up with. 
 The next part was the more troublesome part for Cia. She remembered back at the facility they had asked a similar thing. The robot had asked Vorden to declare what family he came from, choosing a random number between one and thirteen. Whatever number Cia chose, the others decided that they too would choose the same. 
 That way, if they were often together, it would make more sense to the rest of the class. 
 "And I come from the tenth family." She said, picking a random number. 
 The atmosphere in the room was sudden, and Vorden managed to catch what Fred had said sitting next to him. 
 "No wonder she was so frightened when she walked up." 
 This was the first time Fred had said such a thing, and such a strange reaction, and the atmosphere was felt in the room. 
 "I just want to remind you all." Silver said. "That at this school while I'm your teacher, it doesn't matter what family you come from. To me, you all are considered to be in the Pooling stage. The school is a chance for you to get out of that." She then looked at Cia and placed her hand on her shoulder as if to comfort her. "Work hard in my class, and there's a good chance you will be able to catch the eyes of the other families and make a change." 
 The Introductions continued and the atmosphere soon turned to normal, with a few people chatting here and there and people clapping once an introduction was complete. Then another vampire boy came up to the front. He declared his gift to Silver like the rest and then stated his number as ten. 
 All of a sudden it changed once again, and Silver had to remind the others to clap, as he quickly rushed off to head back to his seat. Then finally, it came to the point where it was Vorden's turn. 
 While walking he started to think about whether or not he should say a different number based on the others' reaction. But they had already decided beforehand. 
 "My name is… B..B...B" for a second Vorden, stuttered at how ridiculous his name sounded, but he had to do it. "My name is Borden and I'm from the tenth family." 
 He quickly went to his seat before anyone could clap or do such a thing and allowed the introductions to continue. 
 "Hey don't worry about being in the tenth's family." Fred said. "We'll look after you and make sure nothing happens." 
 Vorden knew it, something indeed was different about the tenth family compared to all the others, but the question was, what? 
 Finally, it was time for the last person in the class, Logan. When he came up his introduction was quick and sweet. 
 "My name is Bogan and I'm from the tenth family." 
 As he sat down, Silver could finally start her lesson. 
 "Okay everyone, now that the introductions are over, I thought it would be best if we did something more practical for our first lesson, and something you might all enjoy and find fun." 
 Silver went ahead to write on the digital board and the words read out… 
 "Lesson 001, how to drink blood." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 403 Lesson 001 
 Hearing the name of the first lessons that the group needed to attend sent all of their brains into a panic. They read out the words slowly, just in case they were not mistaken, but it definitely said, "How to consume blood." 
 'Does this mean, we might have to actually drink blood?' Cia thought as she gulped down. 
 Usually, the first day's lesson consisted of ice breaking, the students getting to know each other. Or perhaps a friendly tour around the school. However, they quickly came to the realization that this wasn't a normal school. So they wouldn't be taking part in normal lessons here, such as Maths and English. More so than likely they would be learning about biology, learning a lot about the human biology. 
 After making everyone aware of what their lesson would be for the day, Silver went ahead and led the class to one of the school gyms. As they entered, the gym was fairly large and with only around twenty plus or so students it felt even bigger. Straight away though, the three of them noticed something spread out across the floor… something that almost made their stomachs churn. 
 If it wasn't for the fact that all they had eaten were Logan's small little food pills, then perhaps they might have done. 
 lying there on the floor was something that could only be described as a human body. Equally spread across the floor were five bodies placed in a star shape. Seeing such things, the students got excited. 
 "Whoa, are they really human bodies?" Someone aksed. 
 "I've never seen a human before? They look like us, right?' 
 "Don't you think they look kinda the same. " 
 "You idiots, of course, that's not a human body." 
 Heading to the centre of the gym, Silver picked up one of the bodies of the floor, with a small menacing glance towards the chatty students they immediately started to quieten down. "As some of you have already figured out, this is not a real human body. Our science department has been able to create a material that replicates the way the human flesh will react almost perfectly." 
 For a second, Logan thought that perhaps all the bodies they had seen in the glass container were also this so-called replicated flesh, but he quickly changed his mind. Quinn's system had confirmed it so, and the wendigos surely would have been able to tell the difference. For even Logan could see there was a distinctive difference between the ones here and the ones in the glass container, and that was the smell. 
 Real human bodies rotted. The humans were also able to create a material that would replicate the skin and organs. Doctors often used it for training, but Logan never thought he would see one in a place like this, being used like this. 
 "The bodies have also been filled with a fake liquid that is the same consistency as blood." Silver continued to explain. "For obvious reasons, on the first day we have decided to avoid using real blood. We know some of you might not have as much control, or a strong will as others, and we wouldn't be so cruel as to subject you to such things on your first day." 
 Some of the students looked a little nervous before and now felt a little relieved after she had said that. 
 "Many of you may never see a human in your lifetime, some of you will have jobs that make you interact with them. Still, we need to learn the proper way if an emergency was ever to happen, to extract blood from our victims and not to be found out. Does anybody know the best way to extract blood?" Silver asked as she looked at the crowd of people and eventually decided to point towards Vorden. 
 "Me," 
 "Yes, you, Borden." Silver said. 
 Hearing that name, wanted to make Vorden hit himself, but right now he had to come up with a good answer. 
 "Erghh, your fangs?" Vorden replied, pointing to his mouth . 
 "I suppose I should have worded the question differently." Silver said. "Yes, the most efficient way to consume blood is using our fangs. They can easily pierce the skin while our saliva can be used to cover up the wound, but does anybody know the problem with that?" 
 She waited a few moments to see if anyone would raise their hand, but in the end, no one did. 
 "It's granted you wouldn't know, most of you consume blood form packs that are supplied to you by your family. When we bite into our victims using our teeth, a certain hormone is released that enters the human body. This gives them an incredible pleasure similar to as if one had taken a drug. One or two times is okay, but if you do this multiple times on a victim, then they will be seeking you out for more. 
 "You also have to be careful, as there are some people who are easily addicted. It might even just take one bite to have such an effect. So instead." Sliver then pulled out her hand and showed one finger, her nail then started to slightly extend into a sharp point, placing it on the dummy's forearm she made a small cut, and the fake red blood-like liquid followed. After placing her finger in her mouth, she covered the wound, and it slowly started to heal. 
 "This will be the contents of today's lesson. You must learn how to extend and harden your nail to easily perform a cut that can penetrate through a human's skin. There are more things that you will need to learn in the future, of course, how to subdue a human without them noticing, how to clear their memories after. What are the negative effects and side effects to major memory loss, but for now it will just be this. 
 "These dummies are extremely hard, and the material is expensive to get. So we only have five of them. I want you all to quickly form groups of five and surround yourself around one of the dummies for practice. I will be coming around to give you tips and see how you do. Do you understand?" 
 "Yes!" the boys shouted, while the girls had answered in a more calm manner. 
 Groups started to quickly form, as most vampires decided to stay with people who were a part of the same family. Not everyone knew each other as the city was quite large, but most of them did due to their parents being part of the same family as well. 
 With the three of them, they only needed to find two more, but judging by the reaction of everyone, Vorden knew it was going to be a hard one. 
 "How are we going to do this?" Vorden mumbled 
 "We're just going to be very bad at it." Logan replied, knowing he was asking about breaking the skin of the dummy. Instead of waiting around, he had already gone into recruiting mode, asking people if they wanted to join their group. But even the people that seemed to know no one didn't want to join their group, even though everyone needed five people. 
 Looking around, Vorden spotted the other shy kid who also claimed he was from the tenth family. Just like them, it looked as if people were choosing to avoid him. 
 Seeing this, Vorden decided to approach him. "Do you want to come with us��� Timmy, right?" 
 "Yeah, that would be great." Timmy said with a smile as he was overjoyed. Seeing this and how fragile and timid he looked, it reminded Vorden of when he had first met Peter. 
 As Logan came back to the group, he could see there was one more person, but he was sure he had asked everyone to join their group, but they had all declined. 
 "Well, they all said no." Logan said. 
 "It's expected," Timmy replied. "After all, we're tenths, probably no one, wants anything to do with us." 
 Vorden desperately wanted to ask Timmy what he meant by that, after all, it was the second time he had heard something like that, and it was clear the people were acting strangely towards them, but if he did ask it would also be obvious that he himself wasn't part of the tenth family. 
 Fred and Snow were already in a full group together, but there were still a few strays looking to join a group, but they were refusing to go to the others. So much so that the strays were now asking if anyone was willing to swap with them. 
 "Hey, will any of you guys be willing to do a swap?" A boy asked. 
 "Sorry, man, we're already a.." 
 "Yeah, I'll swap." Fred said, as he left Snow and the others and decided to head over to Vorden's group 
 "Hey guys, I came to join you lot, I thought you were all pretty cool this morning, so I thought I would join you." Fred said with a smile. Finally, they had their group of five and it was time to pick a dummy, but as they all walked off to head towards the dummy closest, Cia remained there, still in her spot. 
 Hearing Silver say something had caused her to freeze in place, the words "memory loss" triggered something in her mind.'Vampires, they have the ability to remove memories…? Didn't Layla say, we all used to be in a team together right, and Quinn.. he's a vampire? Not just any vampire, a strong one as well. Maybe I'm overthinking it.. but is it possible, did he remove my memories…" 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 404 Rumors of the tenth 
 When Silver was busy explaining the task, and showing the others how to make a small cut, they all thought it was quite easy and simple, but it turns out it wasn't that easy at all. 
 After trying it themselves and having a go they found out a few things. The dummy was quite well made and the internal structure inside was done as well. 
 This made it more realistic causing problems. Some of the students had grown their nails too long and when digging in, dug far too deep, going past the skin and cutting parts they shouldn't have cut. 
 Others found it difficult to harden their nails or make them longer. Then when trying to force a cut open, they managed to only make a faint scratch or was damaging the dummy completely. 
 "Yuck!" a boy shouted, as the fake blood splattered all over his face. 
 "You have to keep on being careful, bodies are complex things." Silver said. "But this is why we practice. If you make a mistake, wait a while, put your saliva on the dummy to speed up the healing process and try again. Please also allow the dummy to completely heal before allowing the next person to have a go." 
 Then finally it was Logan and his group's turn. Cia had finally snapped out of her thoughts and slowly walked other to the others that had surrounded the dummy. Her mind was a bit lost and even though the others could see she was acting strangely, they didn't know why, but she had been acting strange the whole time they had been there. So it was nothing new and they chose to let it be. 
 'Layla,' She thought. 'I need to talk to Layla, I'm sure she will tell me the truth if I ask her, right? But what if she's in on this as well, why didn't she tell me anything this whole time. maybe I'm just thinking too much.' 
 First up to have a go was Fred, he even volunteered himself. Knowing that the others might not be the best. "I've done this a few times since my parents have shown me. They knew we would be learning this at some point." Fred said as he hardened his fingernail and then made a small cut along the forearm. It was perfect. 
 "First you should concentrate on the hardening of the nail, if you get that bit right, then it's similar to cutting meat with a sharp knife." Fred explained as he went back and allowed Timmy to go next. 
 His fingernail grew slightly, and straightaway he had gone to try to make an incision on the dummy. But his hand was shaking and Fred could see that he had done so in a rush, not hardening his fingernail enough. Nothing was made other than a small squiggly line looking like a snake on top of the dummy. 
 "Haha," One of the students from another group laughed. "Well, we couldn't expect much from a tenth." 
 "It's not our fault!" Timmy snapped back in anger. 
 Hearing this, Silver decided to step in and whispered into the boy's ear, who then immediately went back to his work and didn't say a word passed that. 
 "Don't worry about it, Timmy." Fred said. 
 The situation behind the tenths, now not only had Vorden interested but Logan as well. Something was up and they needed to know more if they were going to keep up this fake identity of theirs. And thus Logan had come up with an idea. It might have been strange to ask, but he thought of a way that wouldn't seem too far fetched. Especially based on all the information he had gathered so far. 
 "Fred." Logan called out to him. "Can you explain to me why the tenths are being treated this way. You see, my parents didn't tell me anything. They didn't inform me of the outgoings on the outside. They didn't want me involved or to know anything until when I was older." 
 It took a few moments before Fred could reply, and he looked a little saddened before he said anything. 
 "It makes sense that your parents wouldn't want you to know. The truth is the kids here know nothing about what really happened, neither do I as our parents don't tell us." 
 "The only thing we do know, is that out of the thirteen vampire families, the tenth one is the only one without a current leader. Which also means they have no vampire knights either. There's a few vampire nobles that probably know the truth. They are the ones that run the castle and look after their people, but there aren't many. Because of this, the tenth quickly turned into one of the weakest families out of the thirteen." 
 "You know about the vampire pool, the vampires that are under a banner but are able to freely move between the families, well that's why we are told to work hard in school, to get noticed by one of the thirteen families. Because if no one ends up picking you, you end up getting left with the tenth family. As time went on, I guess the others looked down on those who are part of the tenth family." 
 "It's not fair." Timmy said. "My parents didn't choose to be with the tenth, and now I'm stuck here as well. I don't understand, why don't they just pick a new leader." At that point, it looked like Timmy was about to break down in tears. Seeing this, Vorden naturally went over to him. 
 "It's okay, you know the only person who is in charge of what happens to you, is you. You can change whatever you want. It might be a little harder for you compared to others, but you can change it as well." Vorden said. 
 If the words had come from someone else, then Timmy would have felt like they didn't understand. They didn't know what it was like to be part of the tenth family, but this had come from Borden, someone who also was a tenth family member. "Thank you." 
 "You might know more than me, Timmy." Fred said. "But I've heard a few rumors of why they haven't chosen a new leader. The nobles are loyal to the last leader, and they have made it impossible for a new ritual to be performed to be handed over to somewhere else. Another rumor is the tenth leader is alive somewhere but has yet to return. The last one I heard, was that a new tenth leader had already been selected but they're just trying to keep it quiet." 
 "Or the other families are doing this on purpose, waiting for a time when a new king would be selected." 
 From the sound of things the rumors seemed to be all over the place. Logan thought that this type of thing would only happen if the ones who were in charge were trying their best to hide something. Perhaps each rumor had a little bit of truth to them all. 
 It seemed like the vampires had their own politics in this world, just like the humans did as well, the others thought. Although on the outside everything looked well run, there was still discrimination against others even in a place like this. 
 Hearing this piece of news, Logan thought it was quite good for them. The family situation meant they were to be treated as weak, not worth their time. If they did badly during school, they could always put it to the fact that they were part of the tenth. So when it was Vorden, Cia's and Logan's turn to try to scratch the dummy, it came as no surprise to any of the others or even Fred that they weren't able to. 
 He knew the members of the tenth family were unorganized compared to the others, not just that, but it seemed demotivating. Some found it really hard that once they were in the tenth family, to try their best to work hard to get out of it. 
 With the end of the lesson, there were no scores given for it, as it was just a practical activity that Silver wanted to do on the first day. Something more fun and active rather than her just explaining things to the others. And while looking around at the students, she felt she had done a good job. 
 She also decided that she would keep an eye on the ones from the tenth, as it seemed like some others were targeting them, but not just those from the tenth family. She was also keeping an eye on anyone from the thirteenth family. The problem was, while she was a teacher and everyone knew her position in the thirteenth family. If they were to do anything, they wouldn't try doing it in front of her. 
 "Okay, everyone, it's time for a break. You may now all head to the canteen for some food, before returning back to the homeroom class an hour later. Enjoy your lunch." Silver said as she walked off ahead of the students. 
 "Come on, it looks like all you tenth guys are a bit lost." Fred said. "Let me take you to the canteen." 
 But the others didn't have an appetite to go to the canteen, as they started to think about what vampires ate. The images were going through their head. Was it human flesh, eye balls, livers, or would it just be blood? 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 405 Family traitors 
 As the group headed towards the canteen Fred decided it was best if he stayed with them. It wasn't because people in the tenth got bullied. There was no need for any of that, but they often got shunned left to the side, or treated as extra weight most of the time. 
 I guess some would say it was a form of bullying, but at least not a physical form. Because of this, Fred felt a little sorry for them. At least the tenths had each other, but at the same time it appeared these guys were lost more than usual. 
 'Poor guys, especially that Logan fella. His parents had given up so much that they didn't even bother to tell him about his situation. They perhaps didn't even teach him much during the homeschooling period.' Fred thought. 
 Unlike humans who went to school from a young age, vampires were mostly taught by their families, their parents, and sometimes even by whatever courses or routines their family leaders had set up for them. Then they would go to school to learn the basics later on and then go through the initiation of becoming a vampire adult. 
 Entering the canteen, they could see multiple students already lined up. Waiting for their food. There were then multiple long tables that fitted 26 students maximum. Each table was set up, allowing the whole class to sit together. But what caught the eyes of the others when they entered, was the food. On one of the tables another class had already arrived before them and they could see what they were eating. 
 In front of them, there were just various different types of meat and nothing else. The meat seemed to be cooked quite rare, but it was still cooked and it even smelt quite nice even to them. Although it also seemed like there was nothing else but meat. There were no vegetables, or carbs of any sorts. 
 'Should I tell them I'm a vegetarian?' Cia thought jokingly, but of course even if one was in this type of situation they would need to eat the food just to not raise suspicion. 
 They felt safe, however as soon as they got closer they noticed something else, something that was by each student's side accompanied by their food. It looked like a juice packet that had been covered in plastic like material, keeping it cold and fresh. But as they saw the students drink up, a red liquid was being shown. 
 The others were just hoping it wasn't what they thought it was. 
 "Those packets are great." Fred said looking at them. "They only give it to us every two days, but it looks like they're treating us on the first day. They also keep in the smell, so anyone who's extra hungry won't start going on a rampage." 
 With those words said, they all knew that it wasn't the tomato juice they were hoping for, but it had to be blood. After getting their food, Fred sat down with them across towards the end of the table away from the wall. And they looked at the food in front of them. 
 All of them started off by just eating the meat first, ignoring the drink beverage by their side, while Fred was taking a sip every so often while eating as well. Still, they couldn't delay it any longer, for they had finished eating their meal and now it was time for them to consume the drink. 
 'Raten, your better at this then I am right? Do you want to switch with me?' Vorden thought. 
 'Hey, I like seeing blood spilt. I'm not some sicko that likes drinking blood, you got yourself into this situation, you get yourself out of it. Besides, who knows where that blood came from. If it's from a boy, you can count me out, if it's from that girl from earlier, than you might be able to convince me to take one for the team.' 
 "It was now or never." Picking up the juice pouch, Logan lifted it up, and started to squirt into his stomach. It was hard, but he continued to gulp it down, but it was as if his whole body was refusing to take it down, as it seemed to want to come back up with the other food he had already eaten as well. 
 'It's just tomato juice, it's just tomato juice!' 
 Trying to convince himself he repeated these thoughts in his head, but the slightly metallic taste in his mouth was a constant reminder of what it really was. 
 By some miracle and pure will, Vorden placed the now empty pouch back on the table and was done. 
 "Wow, you must have been really hungry." Fred said. "I guess you're one of those, save the best till the last kind of guys." 
 Vorden didn't reply, in fact he couldn't reply as he had his head held down to the floor, still trying to purge the memory of the last few seconds out of his mind, because if he didn't there soon would be a big pile of mess in front of him. 
 Logan looked at the pouch in front of him for a few seconds, before deciding to pick it up, and pass it down the line towards Fred. 
 "Here, I already had my fill today, I'm trying my best to not drink as much." Logan explained. "Also, think of it as a thank you for helping us all so much." 
 In an instant, Vorden turned his head. 'You little, why didn't he say that before I started drinking the bl…bloo.. I could have done the same thing.' It was hard to even think about what he had just done without being sick. 
 "Here you go, Timmy." Cia said as she also passed her pouch down to him. "It's the same for me, I already had some this morning." 
 As Timmy turned to look at Bia, his pupils started to widen, and for some reason she started to look pretty then before. No one had ever done something so nice to him before, to give something so precious to him. 
 "Thank you, I'll keep this and give it to my parents when I return home." Timmy said. As the group continued to talk Timmy couldn't help but constantly look at Bia out of the corner of his eyes. 
 However, their meal was soon interrupted by the clanging of a tray that had hit the floor. A few tables away from theirs, the tray could be seen on the floor and a student was standing covered in blood. 
 "What the heck you do that for!" The student shouted back. 
 "You traitors don't belong here, you shouldn't even be allowed to sit with us." Another student said. 
 Then a few more students from the other tables stood up as well. 
 "Are you referring to our family? Traitors! We're not traitors!" Another yelled. 
 Then it seems like a few students started to back up the first offender who had thrown the blood on the first student in the first place. Continuing to claim that he and those from his families were traitors. The bickering had continued for a while, but the teachers who were on the side intervened and quickly settled the matter. 
 The teacher stood there in place, watching over them as they finished their meal, making sure nothing else would happen or was being said. 
 "Are they from the tenth family as well?" Logan asked, assuming it was most likely the case. 
 "What… Did you guys live your whole lives in the forest or something." Fred said surprised. "I guess there really are vampires like you who are oblivious to the politics and things going on at the moment. It was expected that something like this would happen, and why they assume Silver has decided to come into this school as well." 
 "Apparently someone from the 13th family plotted against the other families, not much of the details are known, but what we do know was they all found out in front of everyone. But what made it worse, was the student was a direct descendant of one of the leaders, someone who was in line to become the next leader." 
 A strange hunch was coming over Logan, but he needed to make sure. 
 "Do you happen to know the name of this student?" 
 "Yeah." Fred replied. "It was Fex Sanguinis." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 406 The Subclass school 
 Breaking off from the others, Layla was starting to get a little worried. She didn't know who these girls were and had never met them in her life before, and all of a sudden she was being dragged off to a separate building where she would have to take lessons all on her own. 
 A worry was set in her mind, but not just about her, but about Cia as well. Although too soon to feel like they could call each other friends, in a way so far they had relied on each other. Cia used her as a comfort and in return, Layla used her to feed her powers. 
 Although she wasn't too afraid of getting caught, it did feel like a daunting task to her. As the group of girls continued to push her towards a different building. She started to get a grip on herself by breathing in and out slowly. 
 'Come on Layla, you can do this, it's just like the first time you went to the military academy. You were on your own back then too, and it's basically the same thing. I'm just disguising myself as one of them.' 
 She hated to think about it, but her preparation with Pure and all the training did help her for situations like these. There were multiple times and scenarios she had practiced for when she needed to be fake and blend in, and in all of them, she was on her own as well. 
 Eventually the girls had all led her to the building, it was a few times smaller than the main one, but so were the other two buildings she also saw others go into. They entered a type of reception room before being taken down a hallway and eventually entering a classroom. What surprised her was for such a small school, the classrooms seemed to be oddly big. 
 Just like the classrooms in the main vampire building, they were organized the same. Where each row was higher than the last, and the very last row was the highest. Only the room was about three times bigger. When looking around it appeared as if there were around fifty or so students already inside. 
 And on a closer look, they all seemed a bit different. There were a couple that looked the same, but unlike the other vampires. A lot of them had distinctive features that made you realise they weren't exactly human. It would almost be impossible to hide. 
 looking at these, Lyala was starting to be thankful that her two little horns on top of her head just appeared as bumps. it was easily able to be covered by moving her hair or placing a bandana on top. Right now, she could be herself though and there was no need to worry about such a thing. 
 "Come on, let's go sit over there." The blonde-haired girl said, pointing to the front row. Since all the other students had already taken up the other seats. 
 When they arrived though there were six of them including Layla, but there were only five seats present. The blonde girl had decided to go up to one of the other seats, where a boy was sitting. 
 "Hello there, do you mind moving so me and my other friends can sit here?" 
 The boy looked over at the blonde girl, before looking over at the other girls as well. He then noticed one of the girls with small little bumps on top of her head. Layla. 
 "I'll move, if you let me go out with her." The boy said pointing at Layla. 
 The blonde girl started to laugh and had a smile on her face, but a few seconds later, and a fist came down on top of the boy's head. "I said move!" She shouted and the boy, not wanting to get hit again, quickly left and moved to another seat. 
 "Girls are scary." He cried as he went away. 
 The six girls sat together, allowing Layla to sit in the middle and the blonde girl sitting next to her. 
 "I almost forgot my manners. My name's Amy, by the way. Nice to meet you." She said with a smile. 
 Layal smiled back, but honestly, she was having a hard time telling whether Amy was a good person or not. When the boy had pointed at her and looked her way in a certain way. A creepy feeling was felt inside her. It wasn't a usual way someone looked at a person. At least not a way she had felt. Because of this, she didn't really know what she wanted to say to the boy, but it looked like Amy had dealt with him already. 
 'She's strong willed at least, reminds me a little of Erin.' Layla thought. 
 "Amy, can I ask, how do I know this is the classroom I'm meant to be in?" Layla asked. 
 "Huh, did you not read the information they gave you? I know it was a bore to do. My turner made me do it, saying it would help me. Anyway, it's because this is the only class in the whole school. As you know there aren't many of us C class type sub classes. On top of that, there aren't enough of them to go to school. Actually, some years they don't even bother doing classes, and tell the subclasses to wait until there're enough students." Amy explained. 
 Finally, the teacher walked in, who looked like quite the handsome man. He himself looked just like any other human and had short hair with round glasses on his face while wearing a nice suit. 
 "Hello there everyone, I'm Professor Phil and I will be your teacher for this semester. Now before we start, I want to take a good look at you all and see what we have." Phil said as he started to walk around the classroom and went up and down the rows. 
 "I see we have a succubus here." Phil said, pointing to one of the students. "Oh a Banshee, and a Witchesse over there…" Then when going back to the front of the class he noticed one of the girls looking down as if she was avoiding eye contact with him. That's when his eyes started to light up, and he held out his hand. 
 "Do you mind coming up to the front, pretty miss." Phil said. For some reason, Layla found it hard to say no to the teacher, as if his smile was pulling her in. So instead she nodded as she was led to the front of the classroom with everyone else. 
 "As you all know, it's quite pointless for us to do introductions. Subclasses have no choice when joining a family because they have to follow the person who turned or created them, but that doesn't mean you aren't special. There will be times when you must work with others in your family, or maybe other vampires completely, and that includes each other." Phil explained. 
 "So it's important that we learn each trait of as many C classes as we can. So, I will ask, does anyone know what… Sorry, what was your name?" Phil asked. 
 "Layla." She replied, still being embarrassed as everyone started to stare at her. When going into the computer system, Logan had added Layla to the system as well, but was careful not to change her name. After all, he was unable to tell her unless he used the mask to tell her what her new name would be. 
 But if Vorden was here, he would have told Layla that she was lucky to not be called Bayla. 
 "Can anyone please tell me what Layla is?" 
 A few students had put their hand up, and that included the girls at the front. It seemed like more of the girls knew the answer to the question then the boys. Selecting one student, Phil waited for the answer. 
 "A Hannya." The boy replied. 
 "Excellent, so as you know here we have a Hannya. Now I want to tell you how special this is, it's very rare to see a subclass like this. Do you know why?" This time when asking the question, Phil didn't give the others the chance to answer and continued to explain. "Because a Hannya is the only known vampire class that is able to switch between evolutions on the fly. They have a total of three evolutions that they can choose from and depending on the situation they are in, they are able to change." 
 "On top of this, each evolution has a different set of abilities that would be better in different scenarios. They don't just stay in one state, but are able to change into these different states at will. Although after a certain amount of time, they will always go back down to the original state like the one that you see here in front of you. Thank you Layla, please sit down.��� 
 Layla quickly ran off and sat back down in her seat. Phil went on and started selecting more random students to come to the front. He would then do the same as he did with her. Explaining a little bit of detail about each type. 
 But Layla was far too distracted to focus, as she was busy thinking about what she had just heard from him. It was possible for her to evolve right now, yet so far she hadn't done so once. 
 Perhaps coming to this school might drastically be exactly what she needed. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 407 Who do you like? 
 The first lesson in the morning had taken quite a while for Layla. A lot longer than she thought it would take. Phil, the class teacher had nearly gone ahead and introduced every different C type class he could find in the room. And it turns out there were many. There were even a couple that looked to be the same type but it turned out they were different. 
 Although going through all this, Layla actually didn't find any bit of it boring. As he spoke, it was as if the words were floating right into her ears and she was trying her best to pay attention to every detail that was spoken. 
 She had learnt a lot that she never knew about herself and the others during that class. The bad news was Phil was only able to explain the basics of everything. He was quite a knowledgeable teacher, but when it came to certain questions about each different type, he would be a little hazy. Which was to be expected with how many different types there were. 
 But it wasn't too much of a problem. For the first day for them was all about learning about themselves. There was a library located in their building that had information of each subclass of vampires related to the category C. The first lesson had gone on for a long time and it was now time for lunch. But when they were to return, their tasks were to find out information about themselves. Because some of the texts used complicated language, Phil would be there to help them explain anything they needed. 
 Layla couldn't wait to return to class, it was a completely different feeling to when she was at military school. She always found the lessons a pain or a bore, but she was enjoying herself here, so far anyway. it reminded her when she was younger and used to read books about these things, wishing something like this would happen and now it really was happening to her. 
 When lunch came, they were allowed to go outside and enjoy the scenery as they ate. What Layla didn't realise was they were all meant to bring in their own lunch to school. Because each person's diet was specific, usually an allowance would be set aside and sent back to the family for them to support the C type subclasses. 
 The class was outside behind the school, where there were many benches and a few trees. 
 Although it still looked strange to Layla that everything was so dark. It was as if she was attending school at night time. Amy and the other girls had brought out a picnic mat and decided to sit underneath one of the trees. They then all brought out their pack lunches. In a way, Layla was happy that Amy had approached her and been so nice, otherwise, she wouldn't have known what to do, and it looked like Vorden and the others weren't eating outside, or at least not at the same time. 
 The girls continued to chat and talk, and that's when Amy noticed Layla wasn't eating anything. 
 "Did your Turner not give you any food?" Amy asked. 
 Later Layla found out that the term Turner was used to describe the person who had originally turned a human into what they had become today. At one point there were only vampires, and when a vampire would turn a human, there was a chance they could fall into one of the subclasses. 
 Some Subclasses could have children, but even their children would work for the original person that turned their parents. So whenever one would talk to someone as their Turner, they were talking about the original vampire that had turned them or their family. In most cases anyway, only at the vampire noble stage due to law, would they be able to turn a human. So they and their subclasses would most likely stay in the same family. 
 Seeing Layla with no food, Amy offered a part of hers, and it looked like a completely normal dish, with some rice, veg and meat. Layla had been eating the food pills and although she didn't feel hungry, it just wasn't the same as gouging out on a big meal. It was incredibly hard for her to say no, and the two started eating while talking away. 
 'She really is a nice person after all.' Layla thought. 
 The conversation between the girls naturally started to move onto one thing, and that was the boys. They were talking about if anyone in their current class had caught their eye, and then they eventually moved onto Layla. 
 "So Layla, is there anyone you like?" another girl asked. 
 "There must be, right? You're so popular all the boys already have their eye on you, so you need to be careful." Another said. 
 "They are?" Layla replied, confused. Layla never considered herself as ugly, but at the same time she was never one of the popular girls at school or at the pure base, honestly, she never had the time to worry about girly things like that. And now that she had two small horns that looked like bumps, she thought that quite possibly she would never get a boyfriend. 
 Still, she started to think about the question quite deeply and was wondering if there was anyone she liked. 
 "Not anyone..in the class." Layla said quietly. 
 Amy snapped her fingers as a thought came to her head. 
 "I know, you were walking with those three vampire boys earlier weren't you, I remember there was that tall hot blonde as well, although he was a little shy." 
 "Who them!" Layla said. "No, no, not one of them." 
 'Although, there were times when Vorden was nice to me. We didn't get along at first, but he slowly started to get better.' She thought. 
 "Wait!" Another girl said. "If it's not them, and the reason why you don't want to tell us, is it because it's your Turner? Were you turned directly by him?" 
 "Yeah, that has to be the case, I hear that a lot of humans who were turned by vampires it was because they fell in love." Another girl replied. 
 Images of Quinn started to appear in her head, and her face started to heat up and her cheeks started to redden. She ducked her head into her knees wishing to hide the embarrassment. 
 "Well, that case has been solved. Well, if you were turned directly, then it might actually make some of the boys weary of you. So see that as a good thing." Amy said. "Anyway, if you were turned, who was it, it had to be a vampire noble right, or maybe even higher?" 
 Not knowing how to reply or what to do, Layla was trying to think of an answer. She didn't know any vampire names, and she couldn't exactly tell them all it was Quinn. But just then a commotion seemed to be happening behind them. 
 "Oh no, not him." Amy mumbled. "Layla, keep your head down okay." 
 Not sure what was going on, Layla decided to do as she was asked. It didn't feel at this point that Amy would try to do anything to harm her. 
 "Well, well, look at all the pretty girls." A boy's voice said. "It was right for me to come over to the C campus. After all, you have the most and best looking girls in the school." 
 For some reason, Layla had noticed this too. The C type subclasses were mainly female, in the classroom over 70 percent of them were girls while the rest were boys. Perhaps that also had something to do when her evolution path was being chosen. 
 "Xander, shouldn't you be at the main building right now? Lunch is nearly over." Amy said. 
 "Oh Amy." Xander said as he played with his hair a little, making sure it was perfect. "You grow more beautiful by the day, I decided to see if some of your friends here would care to accompany me after school today, besides you know I get away with more than I should, being the most promising student of the school and all." 
 The girls started to whisper to each other as they now realized who Xander was. He was one of the vampires that belonged to the first family. One of the most skilled and had been invited to also learn their family's ability. They soon realised why he had so much confidence, and it would be good for the girls to get on his friendly side. 
 However, Amy too belonged to the same family, although her Turner was a different person, they had spent a lot of time growing up together and she never did like the arrogant air he seemed to show. 
 "Oh, and who's this pretty girl I haven't seen yet, would you care to turn around?" Xander asked. 
 So far, Layla had been looking in the other direction while sitting underneath the tree, and right now she didn't know what to do. 'It would be strange not to turn around when someone calls you right? What's the worst that could happen?' 
 As she turned around and Layla's face was in view, something had struck deep in Xander's heart. He gripped his hand over his chest and started to fumble as if he had been hit by an arrow. 
 "Those cute little horns, the white soft skin, and that innocent look in your eyes!" Xander said. 
 At this point, Amy wanted to stop it, but there were some things that she couldn't do. Being part of the same family, and Xander being in a higher position than her, if she was to try to do anything she would get into serious trouble. 
 In his excitement, Xander went forward to grab both of Layla's hands, bringing them close together. 
 "Please… go out with me!" Xander said. 
 But the whole thing was too overpowering for her. She had never let someone get this close to her, in her personal space so suddenly without knowing them. She quickly wiggled her hands free and moved back, and as if on instinct she placed both her hands out. 
 'Spiritual Chains' The black ball came out fast, hitting Xander around the body, tying him up in an instant. 
 "Good one, Layla!" Amy said as she had now grabbed Layla's hand, "Come on, let's get out of here." All the girls quickly followed as they headed back to the C campus. 
 Xander could do nothing but wait for the chains to go away as he watched the girls run off. "So you have a little bit of a bark to you, that just makes things better. I will make you mine. It would be an honour for someone like you to go out with me." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 408 Unknown Author 
 After lunch had ended, Vorden and the others started to head back to their classroom. They left earlier than the others as it seemed like the tables that were involved with what had happened, were asked to stay behind for a telling off. 
 'Well, at least they seem to have better discipline then in our military base.' Vorden thought, But perhaps things would get better once they returned. After all, Duke had been impacted greatly and it might have changed him for the good. Also, judging by Nathan's reaction, there seemed to be something else going behind the scenes, as Vorden had thought. 
 While heading back through the hallway, the group seemed to be witnessing something happening not too far from their class. 
 "Hey you, you're from the thirteenth family, aren't you?" The boy said. It appeared that one of the boys was being aggressive to another and had him pinned up against the wall. The boy who was acting as the aggressor was a bit of a pretty boy. 
 "Xander, my family honestly didn't know what was going on with Fex, we really didn't know. That's why it was decided to strip him of all his titles and relation to the family. So things like this wouldn't happen," The boy said. 
 Although the boy being pinned up against the wall didn't know it, Xander had a different reason for holding a grudge against the thirteenth family, unlike everyone else. Because of Fex, an unknown Wight had beaten him in battle. He had been embarrassed in front of the leader and quite possibly ruined his chances for moving up into the main family. 
 Instead of blaming the person who had beaten him, he was blaming Fex and his family. On top of that, he had just had a run in with a strange girl outside, who had made him feel even weaker and he needed to let off some steam. Noticing that the student was part of the thirteenth family made him the perfect target for him. 
 "That doesn't change the fact that you all could have been plotting something." Xander said. 
 The back and forth continued and Fred seeing this even pulled a sour face. 
 "Come on, let's go to class." 
 But as Fred turned the corner to head to class, he noticed that someone else had continued to walk forward. 
 The bickering between the two continued and it seemed like it had reached boiling point. Pulling back his fist, Xander was ready to release his stress on the student in front of him. Just as the fist was thrown out, another had come outward and pushed the weight of his hand at just the right place and time, so the punch had hit the wall behind him. 
 When looking at who had just done such a thing, he could see a pretty blonde boy to his right. 
 "What the hell do you think you're doing?" Vorden asked. He couldn't help himself and get involved, after all he was getting horrible flashbacks of what happened to Peter. It seemed like even with the teachers intervening, there were still those that were treated as above the rest. Vorden could just tell Xander was the type to not care. Otherwise why would he do something like this in the open, why would Fred choose to ignore it? 
 It was because he felt like he was above the rules. 
 In his right hand, Vorden held the black sword. Not because he was going to use it to attack, but to activate the skill to give him the strength needed to push the fist aside. Looking at the weapon Xander chuckled. 
 "Hah, who the hell is this nobody that uses beast weapons to fight, if you had any faith in your strength, you wouldn't use such a thing." Xander replied. 
 At this point, Xander was getting ready for a fight, and Logan was right there behind him ready to support Vorden if anything was too serious. 
 However, just then, Silver seemed to have come down the hallway, and hair eyes were staring at Xander like daggers. She noticed the boy he had pinned up against the wall and could guess what was happening. 
 Seeing this, Xander tutted and decided to head back to his class. Because he technically hadn't done anything to the student, there was nothing that Silver could get him for anyway, he and her both knew this. Still, that didn't stop her into staring deep into Xander's soul as he walked away. 
 She continued to look at him, until he walked back into his classroom. 
 'Damn, that Bit*h is scary.' Xander thought as he shook off the shivers and goosebumps off of his mind. 
 The young boy quickly said thank you to Vorden before heading back to his own class. 
 "Thank you Borden, not many would be brave like you to go up against Xander like that." Silver said. 
 "No worries." Vorden replied as he put his sword away back on his back. "I just hate seeing crap like that." 
 ***** 
 Returning back to their school building, when entering inside, Amy had finally stopped running and let go of Layla's hand. She could see the relief on her face had just appeared, but still she seemed to be concerned about something. As she turned around she went to look at Layla and started to smile. 
 "That was a good one!" Amy said, giving a wink. "That Xander still flaunts himself like he's some big shot. I thought his apparent loss would bring him down a peg or two but then they decided to keep it a secret from everyone, and he's still the same as he always is." 
 "What do you mean?" Layla asked. 
 "Oh, huh, Don't worry I was just mumbling to myself." Amy Replied. "But seriously, that guy is a perv, do you best to stay away from him. Unfortunately, because we are part of the same family I can't really do much, and the other girls won't be able to stick up to him either." Amy then went in to whisper in her ear. 
 "Actually, they might even turn on you to get on his good side." She whispered. "But if anything happens, then it might be best to tell your Turner, I'm sure he's strong enough to sort him out." 
 Although Layla was not too sure. She had no clue how strong the regular vampires were. The only two she had ever seen fights were Quinn and Fex. If Layla was in trouble with the top student at school, would Quinn really be able to beat him? She thought. 
 With the strange encounter over, the group decided to head back to class as promptly as possible. Inside the class, Phil was already waiting for them. Once all of the kids had returned, a quick head count was done, after that, it was time for them to head to the library. The task was already explained beforehand, so when they entered, they were allowed to go ahead and try to find as much information as possible. 
 The library wasn't very large and there was only a total of around six shelves with books on them, but then when thinking about it. This was all the information they had on C Sub classes. Which meant there was quite a lot of information there if they thought about it further. 
 The girls split up, as they too were interested to find out as much as they could about themselves. After all, sometimes their Turners didn't know much either. Even Quinn was only able to give Layla basic information about what she was. 
 Going through the library was quite easy since it turned out they were sorted out in alphabetical order. When going to the H section, she then needed to look for anything to do with her type and it turned out there was only one book she could find. 
 She looked at the front and the book was titled. "The truth about Hannya." When looking down at who had written it, she noticed that the name at the bottom had been scratched off. 
 She found it odd, and just to be sure picked up another book next to it. But this one was completely fine and said the name of the author like every other book seemed to do. 
 Still, for now she decided she would start to read it. The book wasn't very big and mainly just had details about the Hannya themselves. The first one was about the regular Hannya, the Hannya Nanmanari, this was what Layla currently was. All the information that was written in the book was exactly as both Quinn and Logan had described. 
 This made her feel confident that the contents of the book were accurate, then when moving onto the next page, information on the second stage evolution was shown. Chunari Hannya. A mid-level vampiric demon. They have long sharp horns, tusks like fangs and more powerful magic. 
 Reading the description of the evolution was actually upsetting Layla even more. From the sound of things it seemed like she would look even uglier than she did now if she was to evolve. The only saving grace was each evolution was temporary and she would always revert back to the Namanari form. 
 Although as she continued reading it seemed like they did have more powerful magic and more spiritual spells, but didn't go into much detail. The next page had the next evolution which was called Honnari Hannya. These have serpentine bodies and the ability to breathe fire. They are fast and agile having a lot of durability in this form, but can no longer perform spiritual spells. 
 'No, no, no! Does this mean I'll look like a snake woman if I turn into this? There is no way I'm ever going to evolve into that.' Layla thought. 
 Then finally as she turned the last page, there seemed to be a small bit of writing but nothing else. 
 "The fourth form of the Hannya has yet to be recorded down. My research has only taken me this far and unfortunately there aren't many to observe. All though I have a friend who is willing to help me, so the information on this shall be written down in a second book." 
 After reading this, Layla closed the book and noticed it looked quite old and then there was a publication date. It was almost written a hundred years ago. 
 'Shouldn't the second book be finished by now then?' She thought. 
 But when looking and looking, there was nothing she could find. Instead, she decided that perhaps if she was to search by the author she might find something, so taking the book she decided to head off to Phil who was standing in the centre of the library watching over all the students. 
 "Um, sir, I was wondering if you know who wrote this book, I'm trying to see if there was anything else he wrote." Layla asked. 
 "Oh, let's see." Phil replied, taking the book off her. Immediately, he noticed that the author's name had been scratched out. 
 "Actually Layla, the scratched out author's name means the book wasn't even meant to be in here in the first place. Maybe it slipped through because you're the only Hannya we have had in a long time." Phil said with a smile. 
 "Oh, but then do you know who wrote it?" She asked again. 
 "Unfortunately not." He said with a smile. 
 As Layla walked away knowing there was nothing else she could do, she decided to try to look at other books about subclasses that were similar to hers. 
 'The scratched out name, I guess that means it belongs to him.. I wonder how long it will be until you have been completely written out of the vampire history books." Phil thought. "Even your legacy continues now as these buildings were all founded because of you.' 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 409 Vampire Structure 
 The rest of the day, there wasn't really much to be done. Since it was the first day, the students were just given their schedule of what they would learn for the rest of the semester. The group took a quick look at it and there didn't seem to be any worrying details on there. Well, at least not anything too worrying for how long they were planning to stay there. 
 And with that, the school had ended earlier on its first day than it usually would. Students were encouraged to interact with each other and continue exploring the school, but they weren't to leave the campus. They could explore the library, check out the training area, and even pop into the other classrooms. 
 In each building, there were living quarters. Since the school was only open for two months during the summer. In a way the school was treated as a summer camp for all the vampire families. While for most of the year they would be taught by their own family. 
 They were to stay there and learn every day until they were eventually sent back to their families, where they would continue their learning process and training. They would then be invited again at the end of the year to take the final examination to see if they were able to become an adult vampire. There weren't any details about what this exam was, but since it didn't concern Vorden and the others, they were not really interested in it, anyway. 
 As they left the classroom, the group had split up a little. The boys' and girls' dorms were separated and during class they had all been given a keycard with their room number. Cia immediately said to the others that she would be going to get some rest. The others didn't mind this because she looked absolutely drained. 
 In a short amount of time, she had gone through a lot. The experience of what the boys went through and what she had gone through couldn't be compared; they were slowly introduced to everything. She had instead been thrown in on the deep end, and they couldn't really blame her for feeling the way she did. However, Vorden still felt like she had been a little quieter than usual for some reason. 
 Apart from what she had just said as they were about to leave the classroom, she hadn't spoken or asked anything about what they planned to do. 
 As the boys were just about to leave the class as well, Silver decided to give a bit of warning to Borden, stopping and calling out to him. 
 "For what you did earlier, I just want to give you a little warning." Silver said. "The boy you stopped before, he's one of the head teacher's favourite pupils, and he's linked to the first family. Usually I would say there's nothing to worry about, but you see, you being in the tenth family means that even if they do target you, you don't really have any protection." 
 "While I'm around he won't really do anything to hurt you, I promise you that. You protected my family so I will protect you. But I can't keep an eye on you the whole time. I would suggest for today you head back to your room." Silver said as she went back inside her classroom. 
 Listening to Silver's advice, Vorden knew it was important that they didn't cause any trouble. They were more at risk than anybody. If he was to get into a fight with a vampire, he couldn't imagine not taking a hit, and taking a hit means spilling blood. Revealing his identity to everyone. 
 At the time, he wanted to not get involved in anything, but his body was moving before he knew it. 
 "Just go." Logan said. "No one is after me, so I'll be fine. Besides, I'm more careful than any of you lot, anyway. I'll try to get some information about what happened to Fex and try to find out more about the tenths." 
 With that, the three of them had split up, but would be soon joining each other again. 
 Spreading his little spiders out, and heading to the library himself, Logan tried to gather as much information from as many different sources as possible. After a few hours of research, from gossip, books and some old articles on the computer system, Logan was starting to get an idea of the structure of the place. 
 Before returning to his room, he decided he would stop by Vorden's first. 
 "There are a few things I found out, I thought you would want to hear." Logan said, stepping inside the room. The room wasn't the same size as Logan was used to. But it was a similar size to the standard military rooms apart from there only being one bed and no one required to share. The decorations were also a little darker, to say the least. The floors were made out of wood but dark wood, while the bedpost and frames had twirls on the post. Giving it that Victorian fancy feeling. 
 "Shouldn't we tell Cia this as well?" Vorden said. 
 "I assume she has too much on her mind. Besides, she's not really interested in helping Fex out and Peter, anyway." Logan replied. "She's only here because of Layla in the first place." 
 "First, the school building is split up into four campuses, this one that we are in which is for the vampires, then the other three for the vampire subclasses. Category A, are those closely related to vampires, Category B, the undead, and Category C, those strong at magical abilities. Right now Layla should be at Campus C. It looks like she will be safe in there for now so we have nothing to worry about." Logan explained. 
 "There are a total of fifteen castles all together. There is the main castle which is the largest one in the centre. This castle is where the so-called vampire king resides. Then there are seven castles on either side of it. These castles belong to the so-called Vampire leaders. If you remember when everyone was introducing themselves everyone said a number. This is what it's related to. They all work for the Vampire king. Also, each family seems to have a special ability that only that family knows. An example of this is Fex's string ability belonging to the thirteenth family." 
 "Wait a minute." Vorden said. "But I didn't hear anyone say a number above thirteen?" 
 "This was what got me a bit confused as well." Logan replied. "The only information I could find was two of the castles seem to be practically empty and completely abandoned. One of these is castle number ten. We now know why, thanks to Fred, it's due to the leader who had gone missing. And then there is the fourteenth castle. Unfortunately, it seemed like I could find nothing about this castle." 
 "Inside the castle, those that are related by blood, or are connected live inside the castle. Other than direct descendants, there is no one weaker than a vampire noble inside them. All of these know how to use the vampire ability. Then on top of these, there are a hundred more who also know how to use the ability, but aren't really related by blood. They live not too far away from the castle." 
 "Each vampire family has a total of 1500 people. The rest of the vampires that don't belong to the two groups mentioned above, live all over the city. Most of them don't ever learn an ability with hopes of one day being promoted and moving up to the top one hundred within their family." 
 Knowing the structure of the vampires was starting to scare Vorden a little. Who knew how strong the vampire leaders or the vampires inside the castle were. 
 "So if Fex is a part of the thirteenth family, then most likely he's in the castle at the moment. Maybe Peter as well?" Vorden asked. Thinking about the possibility that they would have to fight around fifty vampires to get Peter and Fex out of there. 
 "This information was almost impossible to find. It seems like everyone knows about Fex but at the same time doesn't. They just know he had done a bad deed worthy of an execution, and as for Peter, nobody knows anything. If I was to take a guess, I would say they have them both at the thirteenth castle, but we can't move until we get more information. 
 "Perhaps as days go past, more information will start to spill. I'll keep one of my spiders in each room and see what they bring." 
 The day had come to an end, and the three tried their best to sleep, but it was nearly impossible. Vorden was starting to think that this whole rescue mission was a lost cause. Sure, Quinn was strong, but to possibly go against all these vampires. It just didn't seem like a sane thing to do. They had pulled off many operations before against big players like Trudream and during the event, but this just seemed like it was on a completely different level. 
 As for Cia, she was starting to convince herself more and more about the possibility that a vampire had removed her memories, and the only vampire she knew of that was apparently close to her at the time was Quinn. She wanted answers, and she wanted them soon. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 410 Clever creature 
 Going up the stairs, one step at a time, Quinn could feel his heart racing. Looking at the dark sky he knew he was in the right place. Not quite belonging here but at the same time, something just seemed a little familiar to him. He didn't know if it was just in his head, or perhaps it was the vampire side calling out to him, but he didn't feel out of place or scared. 
 As he reached the top, he had finally pressed his foot on solid ground and it looked like he had finally reached outside. When turning around to look at what he had come out from he could see the staircase with the slanted door going slightly underground, looking like a bunker. 
 As for where he was, he had no idea. There was a forest with dark grey leaves and the sky, from which his direction he could only see a single moon out. 
 "Is this the vampire world?" Quinn asked. 
 "It certainly looks like it." The system replied. 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn said. "I thought you said the vampires originally lived on earth?" 
 "I did, and what I said was the truth, but we had established our own separate place. Designed for us and the trees you see here, were something that could only be found in that special place. I'm starting to wonder how they managed to move everything over." 
 Only knowing that he was in the forest, Quinn decided to see if he could try to get up high to some vantage point. Looking at the trees around him, he went and tried to find the biggest and tallest tree. Most of them were the same size, but if he got to the top, he should be able to see quite far, especially with his vision. 
 It didn't take long, and scaling the tree with his strong hands was quite easy. Jumping from branch to branch, making his footsteps as light as possible, like a monkey, he had finally reached the top and could look outward. Behind him there was a large mountain that looked to be a couple of miles away, then on the other side he could finally see it. 
 The large castle that stood in the middle and the several other castles that surrounded it. The Vampire settlement. 
 "It's a lot bigger than I thought." Quinn said. 
 For some reason Quinn had in his head that the vampires were a sort of selective small group. Maybe there were only thirteen households of families, but looking at this, it was an entire large city. Before Quinn had asked the system questions about this, but truthfully the system said it didn't know and didn't want to give an unrealistic expectation. 
 "This is…" The system seemed to mumble quietly. "It's the same. It's exactly the same as it was when I remembered it before, but how is that possible." 
 "If you don't know, how do you think I'm meant to know?" Quinn replied. 
 Now, seeing how large and grand the city was, Quinn thought perhaps the best thing to do wasn't to go straight to the city. Using one of his masks, he decided he would send out a message to the others to see if they would reply, but after waiting a while there was nothing. 
 Closing his eyes, he could feel the connection with Layla and it seemed she was safe. As for Peter, for some reason, even though they were on the same planet, he could feel nothing. But he wouldn't let that dishearten him. The system had reassured him that if he was put into the cells, then they would purposely try to block the connection. This way nobody would know where he was and attempt the very thing they were trying to do. 
 "We still have time then." Quinn said. 
 Looking around, still at the top, he decided to see if he could do something else. Perhaps there were some type of beasts he could kill to gain exp. Before going to the city and doing anything, he would have liked to at least have been at the vampire noble level, and his level up was now extremely close. 
 There was the mountain, but it seemed to be in the opposite direction of the city and he didn't want to stray too far, especially if he thought the others were in trouble and he could feel something happening to Layla. 
 When looking around he spotted an area that seemed to have fewer trees than normal. Listening carefully, he could also hear the sound of running water not too far. All living things, even beasts, needed water to live. So most likely there would be beasts around that area. 
 Quickly, jumping from tree branch to tree branch he made his way to the running water, until eventually he had reached his destination. It looked like a river and it was clear blue like regular water, there was nothing strange about it, and the water seemed to be coming downstream from somewhere. 
 Still, he carefully waited in the trees to see if there was anything he could spot. Eventually soon there appeared what looked like a little white bunny with a horn on top of its head. It hopped over to the water and slowly looked around to see if there was anything there. 
 Then it popped its mouth into the water and started to lick the water away. 
 ���Well, it might not give much exp, but at least it's something.' Quinn thought, but before doing anything, Quinn decided to wait a little. After all, there was a chance a bigger prey might come for the bunny. 
 That's when he started to notice unusual movements in the water, but it was a little too late as then a loud snapping sound was heard, and black blood splattered in the beast's mouth. 
 The little rabbit was unable to react and all Quinn could now see out of the water was a strange crocodile, snake looking creature. It had the normal body of a crocodile while the neck of the snake, then when it came to the head part, it returned to that of a crocodile with its powerful jaws but with the tongue of a snake. 
 It was certainly an odd-looking creature that he had never seen before. 
 'Now that should give me some good exp!' Quinn thought. 
 The snake crocodile had gone back into the river, and that left Quinn with thinking of the best way to lure the beasts out of the water and killing them. While thinking about it, he saw another horned rabbit appear. 
 "Perfect." 
 However, there wasn't just one horned rabbit, soon after another appeared from the trees and another. Eventually, it seemed like there was a whole army of them. Then finally, behind the twenty or so rabbits a single black horned rabbit appeared although it looked different compared to the rest. 
 A black type of smoke appeared around its body, and its eyes were red. A spiral pattern could be seen across its feet going up towards its neck and its body was roughly double the size of the others. 
 The black rabbit started to make a few squeals and the other rabbits started to move in towards the river. It was clear just from watching this that the black rabbit was the leader of the other rabbits. 
 The white rabbits then stood just at the edge, waiting while the black rabbit stood slightly behind them, and was bent over on its fours with its horn pointed outward. 
 Then, the movements in the water could be seen once again. Finding the whole thing interesting, Quinn decided to continue to watch the development. Just what exactly were the strange rabbits doing? It was rare to see beasts have some sort of intelligence unless they were ones of the high level, or the humanoid type like the king tier beast before. 
 Then, the beast had snapped up once again, and this time the rabbits were ready. Jumping backwards at the right time, the beast's head had bitten nothing but thin air. Once avoiding the strike all the rabbits had jumped on the beast's neck, pinning its head on the ground while part of its body remained in the water. 
 Suddenly, the horn on top of the black rabbit's head started to trickle slightly, as it lit up in a blue color. Little sparks started to come off the horn, as if it was charging up. Its red eyes started to glow. 
 Out from the Black rabbits mouth a squeal was heard and the white rabbits reacted once again, letting go of the beast's head. It flung up in the air and at the precise moment, a single bolt from the black rabbit's horn came shooting out, piercing a large hole in the crocodile beast's head. 
 It stood no chance from the attack and immediately fell into the water, drifting down the river dead. 
 'Wait, why did the rabbits kill the beast, was it just for revenge on the first rabbit? If that's the case, then these rabbits are really clever beasts, especially the black one." 
 Looking at the black rabbit, Quinn used his inspect skill. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Black horned rabbit] 
 [Class: Familiar] 
 [New quest received, defeat the rabbit for an instant level up] 
 This was the second time he had seen a familiar like creature, and it was the level up reward he needed. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 411 Kill the black Rabbi 
 As soon as the strange water creature was killed, at first Quinn thought it was for something as simple as petty revenge. But watching it for a little while longer he thought that maybe there was more to it than that. 
 Now that he had received his new quest, he knew he was going to kill the rabbit, even though it had done nothing to him. Usually, he wouldn't do this type of thing, even to beasts. Nearly ninety-nine percent of beasts were hostile towards humans for some reason but there were a few expectations. But this was a desperate time and desperate times needed desperate measures. 
 He would kill a 1000 black rabbits without a second thought, if it was for the sake of him getting stronger so he could save his comrades. Still, it looked as if the Black rabbit was continuing to do strange actions. It started to head downstream and followed the river along, and the army of rabbits followed behind it as well. 
 Every so often it would stop, and it looked as if the rabbits that were following it along were starting to slow down and go off doing their own things. 
 Whenever this was to happen, the black rabbit would start squealing again, making high pitched noises and the white rabbits would get back in line and continue to follow the black leader. it was hard to tell if it was an ability or if they were just listening to the leader. 
 The most strange thing about these creatures though, was that Quinn couldn't tell if they were beasts or not. When using his inspect skill, there was no such beast ranking. This was the same for the wendigo type creatures. 
 "It's because they are familiers and not beasts." The System replied. "The vampire world is deeply connected with the familiar's world and often opens up rifts sending them into ours. Just as not all vampires are able to have familiars not all familiars can form contracts either. As you can see, that black rabbit is a little special. We still do not yet know what allows them to evolve." 
 Although it was interesting learning about this stuff, Quinn didn't really care about it. The only reason he was being cautious was because he couldn't tell how strong the white rabbits and the black rabbits were. After continuing to follow them for a while, he saw that they had eventually reached the creature that had been defeated. 
 It was being blocked by a strange-looking dam made out of trees. Although the water could continually flow, the strange tree made dam was able to catch other things. 
 The rabbits then hopped along with the trees and the black rabbit reached the creature starting to do something, but Quinn couldn't quite see as it wasn't that clear. After a few moments, inside the black rabbit's mouth, there was a beast crystal, and a clear one at that which made Quinn guess that the beast they had defeated was at the intermediate level. 
 If he was to take a guess, having the power to control the other rabbits, on top of using his strange lighting horn, would put the rabbit at around the advanced level. 
 Not a hundred percent sure, but now knowing this new information, he certainly felt a lot more confident about facing the thing. However, he continued to follow the rabbit, wondering just what it would do with the crystal. They crossed the dam and staying a good distance away, Quinn then crossed it himself later. 
 Following them through the forest, it appeared they had finally left the forest area and entered a new area. Still, he made sure to be aware of where he was and where the city was. This area was covered in strange stones, the flooring had changed to a pebble like feeling and there were also many large rocks. Finally reaching what looked like a fairly large cliff wall, the bunnies had entered a cave. 
 "Perfect!" Quinn thought. Not only would he find out why and where they had taken the beast crystal, but also quite possibly this was their home base. 
 As Quinn took a peek inside the cave from the side, he could see that the cave didn't go too deep in and there didn't look to be any paths. But what did surprise him was the number of glowing crystals he could see. There was a pile of beast crystals lumped in the back, and the black rabbit had dropped the current crystal in his mouth on top of the mound. 
 "There must be about a hundred and fifty crystals in there." Most of them looked to be at the intermediate level, but it was hard to tell if there was anything higher due to them all being piled on top of each other. 
 With only one entrance in and out, the bunnies were trapped and quite possibly this gold mine was all his. Entering the cave and seeing all the bunnies, Quinn was ready. Not wanting to give them a chance, he opened up his palm. 
 [Blood spray] 
 His hand slightly flung backwards and a shotgun like spray of Blood had hit most of the white rabbits, while the black rabbit hopped over behind the pile of crystals. Some of the crystals went flying, hitting the back of the cave wall, but beast crystals were as strong as diamond and hard to break. They often could only be melted at extremely high temperatures. 
 [First White horned rabbit killed. 200 exp Gained] 
 [White horned rabbit killed 100 exp gained] 
 [White horned rabbit killed 100 exp gained ] 
 [White….] 
 The messages had appeared at least twenty times, giving him a good chunk of exp. 
 [35090/51200 experience points] 
 Still, it wasn't enough and if he wanted to do anything, he would need to kill the black rabbit. Suddenly though, as Quinn went to move forward, a blue stream of lightning had come out and at the last second, he managed to move his head, allowing the attack to singe off a small part of his hair. 
 The attack was incredibly fast, and it seemed like even if he was to use his shadow as a type of defense, then quite possibly it wouldn't be fast enough to block the attack. 
 Not being able to see the rabbit clearly, but knowing where it was, Quinn lifted his hand, performing a Blood swipe. The attack sent out five lines of red aura. Although he couldn't see where the rabbit was at least he would be able to lure it out or quite possibly hit it injuring it. 
 But then, a small little black bolt could be seen running towards him, and the next second it had already gone past him. 
 'How fast is that thing!' Quinn thought, but he knew for sure now he could kill it. It appeared to be a creature that mainly focused on speed, and the fact it was running away from him when it didn't run away from the other beasts, could quite possibly mean it knew it wasn't strong enough to go against Quinn. 
 Giving chase, he decided he would leave the crystals behind, levelling up was more important than a bunch of crystals and he quickly went to chase after the black rabbit. 
 [Wind walk] Using his boots skill, as long as he wasn't hit during the active skill, he would be able to run around ten percent faster. Now that his speed was far greater than before, the effects of the boots were too. With this he was able to keep up with the black bunny. 
 Now getting a closer look, he could see the sparks of electricity, coming off its paws as they hit the ground. Quite possibly the energy it had used for an attack was now being used to power its legs. He continued the chase until they had entered the part of the forest they were in once before, but he knew it was pointless. Their speeds right now were the same, so their distance would stay the same as well. 
 [Crescent kick] Quinn activated as he lifted his legs, sending out an attack far ahead. Performing the attack slowed him down slightly, but he was hoping it would affect the rabbit far more worse. The crescent kick was performed at a slight diagonal angle, hitting one of the large trees in front of both him and the rabbit. When it did so, the tree started to slide down and now stood in the rabbit's path. 
 The rabbit knew it could try to go around, but its trunk was far too thick for it to hop over it, and Quinn was now upon it. 
 [Blood swipe] Quinn performed it two times, completely surrounding it, and he was ready for his level up that was in site. 
 The Rabbit had accepted its fate and squinted its eyes, but then from behind the tree, a figure appeared in front of the rabbit. 
 "Blood wall." A thick red wall of aura had come up, and as Quinn's attack had hit, he had expected them to smash. Instead, though, it looked as if the blood wipe was pushing back the blood wall. 
 Unsure of what was going to happen, the person quickly picked up the black rabbit and jumped off to the side just in time. As the blood wall had been broken by the blood swipes and continued forward into the back of the tree. 
 "What the hell are you doing, attacking my familiar?" The person shouted. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 412 Angry child 
 Inside the person's arms, the Black rabbit was being cradled like a newborn baby. It wasn't just calmy staying there. Instead, it seemed to be shivering away, it wasn't just frightened but terrified. 
 "Oi, look what you did to my familiar!" The person shouted. "You've completely scared her, she's frightened out her boots, she won't stop shaking." 
 The black rabbit, turned its head towards Quinn, and he wasn't sure if he was imagining it or not, but it felt like he could see a smile on its face. 
 Looking at the boy in front of him, and yes, Quinn thought "boy" was the correct word to describe him. He could only think that the vampire was quite young, based on his appearance. He was around the same height as Logan. While Quinn was around 178 centimetres tall, not relatively short and not quite a tall person, both the person in front of him and Logan both came just underneath his chest. 
 He had ash grey hair that looked to be swept back that reminded him a little of Fex, but then the back of his hair was spiked out. As if the boy was always running through the wind and it had gotten stuck like that. As for the clothes, it seemed like they were dressed just like any other kid that age would have done, just a dark shirt and trousers. 
 "Hey! Hey! Are you ignoring me? What are you going to do about this!" The boy said. "Are you going to compensate for this crap?" Although the boy didn't sound it, he was actually being very cautious of the man standing in front of him. He hadn't moved from his spot, and if he thought he was going against a regular vampire, perhaps he would have taught them a lesson through a physical beating. 
 The reason why he was deciding to be cautious was because his blood wall had been broken by a blood swipe. One of the most basic and weakest blood attacks a vampire could perform, had shattered his blood wall. Through smell, he could tell the person in front of him wasn't a vampire noble. Although All vampires emitted a specific type of aroma or hormone that they could distinct from humans, it was slightly different with each evolution. 
 So just how was he able to break his blood wall? That's when he decided the vampire in front of him, couldn't have just been a regular vampire, but a vampire like himself. A direct descendant of one of the thirteenth. 
 "Sorry!" Quinn shouted back. "I didn't know that was yours, it looked…Interesting." 
 The boy gritted his teeth wanting to say something back, he wanted to snap..."Interesting?", 'he tried to kill and attack his familiar because it was interesting? Did he perhaps think it would make a tasty snack?' 
 Lately, though he had been taking anger management classes and he started to put it into practice imagining his happy place. 
 He closed his eyes and was transported into a room full of beast crystals, slowly swimming away in a pile, up and down, jumping into them like a ball pit. "Aww, the life…" 
 'This boy is a little strange.' 
 Putting the black rabbit down on the floor, it started to turn into a slight black mist. It began to head towards the boy's neck and eventually formed a black collar. Seeing this, Quinn realised it really was his familiar. Unlike his own though, the boy's transformed into a physical object that could be seen just like Fex's earing. 
 The boy started walking up to him and held out his hand. 
 "If you are really sorry then pay me." He said. "Give me some beast crystals or.." He then looked to his left and looked to right checking if there was anyone nearby, "a blood crystal if you have one of those." He Whispered. 
 While looking at the short boy, Quinn started to think back to the quest he had received to defeat the familiar. If he remembered correctly, familiars wouldn't really die. If he had killed the black rabbit, would he have gotten his instant level up? Or did the quest really mean to kill the boy, satisfying the quest? 
 If the second one was the case, then it would be unwise for Quinn to take part. Although he felt he was stronger than the vampire in front of him, he knew nothing about the vampire or who he was. Perhaps if the boy was to go missing, they would throw a search party or would be aware someone was here attacking them. 
 Laying low until they had gathered all the information they needed was what they had to do. 
 "Oh, I know," Quinn said as if he had just gotten a light bulb moment. "I just saw a cave in a different area, it had tons of crystals over there." 
 Pulling his hand back, the boy now had a scrunched up face and was starting to sweat a little. 
 "Wait…Wait, you saw that!" 
 'Bingo.' 
 Quinn thought this would be the case, he couldn't imagine the black rabbit caring about the crystals. After finding out it was a familiar belonging to someone else, it now made sense why it was doing what it was doing. What surprised Quinn was how well one could control a familiar to do it's bidding. It as practically farming crystals for him. 
 'I wonder if I will be able to control the Bonelaw till the point it can do what I want?' Then Quinn remembered the subtle text when reading about the Boneclaw, about subtle desires. Did all the familiars work like this? Maybe the boy's wish in front of him was to gather beast crystals, so that's what it was happy to do. 
 While the Boneclaw was meant to complete his darkest desires, not wanting to not think about it anymore, he tried to move the question onward. 
 "Fine!" The boy shouted. "Were even, thanks for telling me about that, I'll check it out later." Although he tried to keep his voice straight, he couldn't help but allow it to shake slightly. At some point, he would have to move the crystals somewhere else. Wanting the stranger to forget about what he had seen, he tried to throw him off track. 
 "So I'm guessing you haven't found a familiar yet, is that why you were going after mine?" The boy asked. "You know, you don't have to beat them into submission. Familiars are cleverer than beasts. Sometimes you can just talk with them and make some type of deal. If you haven't found one now, then you don't have much time left until we have to head to class." 
 "Class?" Quinn replied. "I'm sorry but I'm not a middle schooler." 
 "What!" The boy shouted. "You idiot you thought that because I was a shrimp didn't you? You're a descendant right. That's why you're out here looking for a familiar. It's not my fault that you didn't complete the assignment before school starts. I thought it was pretty rough of them as well. Asking all of us to go out and search for a familiar." 
 Hearing this, Quinn decided to ask the system if he knew more details, and it turned out he did. 
 "It looks as if even so much time has passed, the vampires are still doing things like they always have." The system replied. "Remember what I said earlier. Only vampire descendants and vampire leaders are permitted to have a familiar. In my time, they would often be separated from the main school most of the time, as there were different things to teach and learn. And one of the first tasks is usually asking them to seek out and find their own familiar." 
 "Can there be more than one decadent per family?" Quinn asked. 
 "Yes, it's quite normal for them to have many in case something happens to them. Some leaders used to not even know who were their children and who wasn't but would just pay attention to those strongest." 
 Thinking about this, if Fex was to have a familiar, it meant he was also a direct descendant. Not only that, but it seemed that they didn't know each other that well. Otherwise, the person in front of him would have recognised Quinn as a fraud. Instead, he assumed Quinn was also one, perhaps because of his strength. 
 Maybe if he was to join their classes, he could see if anyone else knew any information about what exactly happened to Fex. 
 "Actually," Quinn replied, doing as the system told him. He turned around and slightly pulled down his shirt showing the circle marking on his back. "I already have a familiar." 
 "Oh! Oh!, so you just tried killing my black rabbit for fun I see. I see!" the boy was saying in an angry tone. If it wasn't for the fact the person in front of him knew about his stash of crystals, he would have done something by now. 
 "That was an accident, let's start again. My name is Buinn." When trying to come up with a name, Quinn didn't know why, but his head was telling him that the easier thing to do was just to place a B in front of his name. 
 Letting out a bit of hot air from his head, the boy finally replied back. "I'm Rokene." 
 With that, Quinn placed his hand forward, suggesting Rokene lead the way, and the two of them headed off towards the particular training area for descendants. There was a second reason he decided to take this training up, and that was because if they told the others to just get their familiars now, then maybe he would also be able to learn how to control his. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 413 Summoning a Familiar 
 Heading back to the camp with Rokene, there were a few things Quinn had learnt about him in the short amount of time they were spending together. They still had a lot of time until they were due to arrive at the destination, so they casually walked their way there. 
 Thinking about it, perhaps learnt wouldn't be the correct term, but Quinn definitely could say he now had some opinions of his current short companion. The first word that came to his mind when thinking about him, was anger. 
 As they were walking, a few times through the forest to an unknown location as far as Quinn was concerned, Rokene was able to find fault with a few things. And when this would happen, he was sure to let you know about it. Shouting, cursing and sometimes just outright screaming. 
 Even now he seemed to have found another fault. 
 "Why do I have to take part in this whole training thing anyway!" Rokene said. "I already know how to use a familiar, just let me do my assessment to become an adult vampire already." 
 Although Quinn didn't know what he was fully talking about. He was listening carefully to see if he could catch any hints on what he was just about to walk into. Besides this, his random outburst he actually found quite entertaining. 
 During their journey, Quinn had found out that Rokene had had the black rabbit for a while now and it was the reason he was able to use it so well. But whenever questions were directed towards him, he would do the best to avoid them. Still, it didn't seem Rokene was that interested in Quinn in the first place which was a good thing. 
 Some descendants would naturally come across familiars as they grew up, or families would even risk forming a contract with them at a young age. Although this method was more dangerous, and had a higher chance of the familiar killing its partner. If the contract was successfully formed they had more time to form a stronger bond. 
 Eventually, they had gone out of the strange-looking forest and went into a more laid out open field area. The open field looked unnatural, as it seemed to be in a perfect square shape, and all across the side, the usual forest could be seen. It was as if someone had come along and come and just placed a football pitch in the middle of the forest. 
 On the open field, there looked to be several tents set up on opposite sides of the field in a row. At the end of the row was a larger tent, and standing in front of that tent was a single adult male vampire. He looked quite young, having short purple dark hair and a mole just underneath his right eye, but the look on his face was also serious, never moving, and it looked as if even a strong gust of wind wouldn't affect him. 
 'Are all the adult vampires like this?' Quinn thought, as so far the only two adult vampires he had seen were Silver and this man, and they both seemed pretty serious. 
 In front of him, a few students had gathered, some sitting on the floor, some standing around waiting. There were only about five or so, and Quinn and Rokene quickly went over to join them. The others turned their heads to look at the two newcomers, but quickly turned back as if they weren't interested. 
 "Hey it's okay, I don't like any of you sad people either," Rokene said back to them, but they still continued to ignore him. Even if he didn't know all of them, it seemed like the few he did know didn't like him. 
 Although Quinn could perhaps understand why the others wouldn't want to be friends with a person like him, Quinn himself never thought Rokene wasn't that bad. He just liked to express his feelings a bit more than others. Saying his moans and complaints out loudly, as if there was no filter in what should have been said in his head and what he should say on the outside. 
 They waited, and the two now didn't say much now that the others were around, and quite honestly, Quinn was a little nervous that the instructor would find out he wasn't one of them, but according to Rokene it was only the first day. 
 The system had also stated that not much information would be kept on the direct descendents on who they were or what they looked like. Because of the power struggles between each of the families, and the possible assassination attempts. This type of information would usually be kept secret from others, and that included the location of the training. Which perhaps explained the reason why they were doing it in the middle of the forest, rather than in a school. 
 Looking at the instructors and sensing his smell, he smelt different from the others that were around them. It was a smell he had only smelt once before, and that was when Silver had come to visit him. Which meant these two were at the same evolution as each other. 
 Getting caught or being the centre of attention wasn't exactly the best idea, and perhaps staying next to the unpopular loud mouth, was what he needed. As others who were arriving also wished to have nothing to do with him. 
 After waiting a few minutes more and more students had arrived and there were now a total of twenty-four students. What surprised Quinn was it didn't seem like a normal school where everyone was the same age. It was clear that there was quite a gap. Some looked to be around twelve years of age, and not just because of their height like Rokene. While others looked a little older around the age of twenty-three. 
 Which meant there had to be some type of requirement that was needed for them to be invited to the training. Was it their strength? If he was to take the words of what Rokene had said earlier, he was talking about the assessment to ascend to vampire adulthood. Perhaps that was another way of saying they were about to evolve into becoming a vampire noble. 
 If that was the case, it meant the people around him would be some of the strongest, vampires at the vampire stage, at the peak just before evolving. Seeing all the kids of different ages, Quinn started to think about himself. He was still sixteen and soon in a week or so it would be his birthday turning him into seventeen. 
 He had, had a crazy sixteenth year, and he was sure he would remember it for the rest of his life, but he had been so busy with everything he had even forgotten about his birthday, and it looked like he would be spending it in a completely different world. 
 "Alright everyone, line up!" The instructor shouted. 
 Those that were lazing around on the floor, standing slightly off to the side, and a little at the back, immediately got into position, standing in a row one after another. 
 "You were all given the briefing by your families about what you were to do before arriving today, So I will ask you all who are here, who has not been successful in acquiring a familiar?" 
 Looking to his left and looking to his right, Quinn was waiting to see who would put their hand up. It seemed like at first they were a little reluctant to, but there were some with nervous looks on their faces and the first person eventually raised their hand. 
 "Don't be scared, it does not matter if you have failed this task. It was expected of you in the first place." The instructor said. 
 After hearing this, more students started to put their hand up, and five eventually stepped forward, two boys and three girls. 
 "This will be a good experience for you all." The instructor explained. "One day when you run your own families, you might have to do what we will now be doing today. For the students that haven't been able to capture a familiar out in the open. We will be summoning one and forming a contract with them, right here and right now." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 414 Special boy 
 "First before we proceed any further, it's important I tell you all a bit about myself." The instructor shouted in a loud booming voice. "This is so you guys know you are getting the appropriate training and you can decide for yourself whether or not I am someone worth listening to. I am Clark Talon, Vampire knight of the fourth family, the Talons. As you know, every year it is the duty of one of the families to send a vampire knight out to train the descendants and this year it is the fourth family's turn, and I have chosen for these two months to focus on familiar training." 
 Raising his arm straight out to his right he kept it straight, and slowly his fingertips started to turn black, and a mist started to form until eventually, what could only be described as a demonic-looking raven appeared on the top of his hand. "This here is my familiar. Although I am no longer a descendent in line to become a leader due to becoming a vampire knight, I once was just like all of you. I have quite the experience when it comes to things like this." 
 Snapping his finger, the Raven completely disappeared in a second. It was clear he had complete control over it. Something that Quinn wanted as well. He didn't even know how to summon his familiar, that would be the first step before even thinking about controlling it. 
 The instructor Clark then pulled out a square black mat that was one square meter in size, and appeared to have a strange circle drawn on it in red. The circle had even more circles drawn inside overlapping each other and strange patterns going throughout. 
 "A summoning circle." The system said. Although Quinn wanted to ask the system some questions, he couldn't right now as he was too focused on what the instructor was saying. 
 "For those who have not successfully been able to capture, or perhaps just weren't able to subdue a familiar, we will be trying to form a contract using this, a summoning circle. When using this it will allow the bridge between our world and the familiar world to form a connection. Everything has already been prepared beforehand and a single drop of blood from the one wanting to perform the summon is all you need. Once that is inserted, we will then start the contract bonding process." 
 One of the female students then raised her hand as she heard of this. 
 "But Sir, if we could have received our familiars this way, then why did we need to go out for the last week or so hunting looking for one ourselves? Isn't this a lot easier?" She asked. 
 "Thank you for asking the question and I will explain." Clark said. "You see, when dropping your blood, it will show your desires and wants, sending them through to the other world. Those interested will come rushing forward at once, and the first one to arrive will form a contract. Unfortunately, the vampire has no choice. 
 "The familiars that are out here and have been in our world have had time to adapt, they understand human ways more and are more likely to be powerful. There is also the chance to choose which familiar you want based on your own skills. Besides, the stronger familiars would like to know more about you than just your blood. Sometimes familiars have other factors that they are looking for, we still do not understand everything about them. If I'm honest, it is unlikely when summoning a familiar this way, that a strong one will appear. It is more likely that it will attract the desperate ones that wish to leave that place." 
 Hearing these words, the five on the stage looked a little depressed but chose not to say anything. In truth, if they were to cause a fuss then Clark would have explained further but didn't wish to embarrass them in front of everyone if he didn't need to. The truth was, if they had been out looking for a familiar on the outside for a week and weren't able to find one, then more so than not, none of them were interested in them in the first place. 
 A familiar was able to sense those that it might be well in tuned with and will actively go out to seek one. With the explanation all done, it was time for the process to begin. The students formed a line, and a blade was used to cause a small cut on their finger, dripping it into the centre of the magic circle. 
 The circle started to light up bright red, and while this process was happening, the student would continue to mumble. "Please be a strong one, please be a strong one." 
 Then when the light had ended, all the students could see what had appeared. In front of him, his familiar had appeared. It was pink in color and was as large as a snake, wiggling about on the floor, but strangely it had no facial features, no eyes, no tongue. Just a pink thing wriggling about on the floor. 
 "Hey is that a worm?" Rokene said quite loudly. It caused some of the other students to chuckle a little, as it really did just look like a giant worm. 
 "A familiar is not everything, even if one is as pathetic or weak like this, you can still focus on your own skills." Clark said. "Remember, there are plenty of vampires that make it to a higher level even without a familiar." 
 The next set of students had arrived doing the same thing one after another, and several other familiars were seen. Not all of them looked incredibly weak like the first. There was a wolf for one, a strange butterfly looking for another, and a few more. Whatever the case was, they all knew they were now stuck with these as their familiars and they could choose to use it or not. 
 With the weaker familiars, it would be harder for them to disobey in the first place. They were just happy they were out on the outside and were unlikely to go against their master and try to kill them. 
 Everyone went back in line and had lined up once again. 
 "Okay, so now I wish to see all your familiars in its closed form. What I mean by this is the form it takes before it is summoned. I will be going around asking you what familiar you each have while looking at the closed form." 
 Going around one by one, Clark would look at their closed forms, then if they could, he would ask them to try to summon it right in front of him. He reassured everyone that it wouldn't matter if they couldn't summon it for now. It was just that usually from the closed form alone, he would have an idea what type of familiar it was. 
 But even he hadn't seen every familiar in existence, so this way, he would be able to broaden his knowledge, trying to remember their closed forms that matched with their appearance. 
 Quinn noticed that actually most of the students were unable to summon their familiar so far, with a few exceptions. Then it came to Rokene's turn. Summoning the black rabbit was an easy task for him, and he had a smug look on his face as he lifted his nose up high for everyone to see. 
 "Very good Rokene, as expected, and the familiar seems to like you well." 
 Finally, standing by his side, it was Quinn's turn. The strange looks the two had given each other didn't go unnoticed by both of them, and now it felt a little awkward as the two had come face to face. 
 "Please." Clark said. 
 Looking around, Quinn noticed there was a girl in the row behind him, as well as one to his side, but he had no choice. His marking was on his back, just underneath where his shoulder blades would lie. The only way he could show it was by lifting up his shirt and turning around, and that's what he did. 
 Closing his eyes out of embarrassment, Quinn was unable to see the reaction of the two girls next to him, but as they saw his perfectly crafted abs as if it was a sculpture, they started to feel themselves heat up a bit. It wasn't normal for a vampire to have such a toned body, especially one around Quinn's age, and all the girls couldn't help but try to take a peek, getting excited as they imagined running their fingers down his stomach feeling each abb. 
 However, the one that was most shocked out of everyone wasn't the girls, but was instructor Clark himself. Looking at the strange circle he knew what it was straightaway. Perhaps the youngsters around didn't know because it was past their time, but he did. 
 "Do you know what this is, and can you summon it?" 
 "No." Quinn replied, "But I know it's a Boneclaw." 
 Putting his shirt back down, the others started to whisper to themselves, trying to see if any of them had heard of it before, but it seemed like they hadn't. 
 Of course, the old king's familiar was kept secret. Just like how one ability would give one an advantage if known, it was the same for the familiars, and only those at the very top would know. 
 "You are a special boy." Clark said as he moved onto the next student. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 415 Comunication with the Devil 
 The word special could be interpreted in so many ways, and the others hearing this didn't really know what to make of it. So, in the end, they chose to ignore Clark's remark, apart from Rokene. This was because Rokene had been paying special attention to the words being used by instructor Clark, as he went around and checked everyone's familiars. 
 In his head, he was creating some type of ranking system based on the words that would have been used, and so far the best was himself. That was until Buinn got picked. And even he was struggling to interpret what the instructor meant by special. In a way it wasn't an outright compliment, that was clear because Buinn couldn't even summon his familiar. If he was to take a guess the word special in this situation was being used to describe his potential. 
 As Clark continued to go around, there were no better compliments given than the one to Rokene and Buinn. 
 'Looks like your skills aren't the only strong thing, but your talent with familiars might be good as well. Damn, maybe he was just one of those people that were gifted from the beginning. Never had any problems in his life, grew up in a good family and they decided to groom him into the perfect leader.' Right now, making his own conclusion, he was a bit resentful towards Buinn. 
 Returning back to the front, Clark began to speak once again. 
 "The first task we will be doing today is trying to summon your familiar, or at least that is the end goal. Some of you can already do this, and for others, it may take weeks or even months to achieve this." Clark explained. "But even for those that already know how to do this, it will be a good exercise for you all. 
 "What I'm about to say to you all now may surprise most of you, but there is actually nothing you can do in your power to forcefully summon your familiar. They have a mind of their own, they aren't crazy animals like beasts, but they are intelligent things. If they chose to not come out and help you, then that is completely up to them. So what this first lesson will actually be about is communicating with them. For those that already know how to do this, you can get to know them better. 
 "Communication with your partner is the key for a good understanding, for both of you. So now I wish for you to do as I do." As he continued to explain, Clark began to do the actions at the same time as speaking. He first sat down on the floor and asked the others to follow. 
 Crossed his legs and closed his eyes while his two hands were placed together as if one was meditating. "Okay, the reason we close our eyes when doing this is to have as little distraction as possible. Visuals, sounds, and all sorts can sometimes deter you from hearing your familiar. With time you will get better at this and you will be able to communicate with them without this." 
 "Now in your head, picture the symbol, or item on your body. Think about it and focus on where it is on the part of your body. Then with your mind try to speak out and reach to it. If you are successful in making communication please raise your hand." 
 Quinn was able to follow the steps quite easily, and his concentration was at this point almost flawless. He had pictured the symbol in his head clearly, and it was as if he was in a black room. The reason he found it so easy was because he did this every morning for the past month and a half. It was similar to his Qi training routine that Leo had left him. 
 When in the black room in his mind, slowly the mark started to turn into a type of mist, and slowly turned into the fairly large muscular figure with the long arms by its side and its dangling fingers that scraped across the floor. 
 "Why did you choose me?" Quinn asked. 
 …. 
 There was silence between the two. 
 "You killed the wendigos, right? Why didn't you kill me?" Quinn asked again, hoping to get an answer. 
 The Boneclaw then turned its large body around and looked straight ahead at Quinn with its dead eyes. The two stared at each other for a while, not daring to look away, until finally, the mist appeared again and turned back into the same symbol that was on his back. 
 'Looks like he won't talk to me.' 
 Opening his eyes and looking around, Quinn had expected just like with the summoning, that most of them would have not been successful in communicating with their familiars, but he quickly realised that he was in the minority, as nearly everyone had their hand up. 
 In fact, the only other person apart from Quinn who hadn't raised their hand was the student who had summoned the worm familiar. But soon he even raised his hand. 
 "Teacher, although I didn't exactly speak to my worm, there were loud squishy and squashy sounds I heard coming from it, does that count?" The student asked. 
 "Actually, yes." Clark replied. "Although it's rare, perhaps your familiar is a little slow and does not know how to communicate in using the same language as us. When they attach themselves to us, usually they are able to naturally learn straight away, although others take some time." 
 With this, it meant that Quinn was the only person who was unable to communicate with their familiar. 
 "And what about you, young man?" Clark asked, interested to hear what he had to say, especially since he hadn't raised his hand. 
 "I couldn't hear anything." Quinn replied. 
 Quinn's reply didn't seem to shock him, or at least there was no reaction on Clark's face, so it was hard to tell based on this if it was a good or bad response. But they felt like at least they were a little better than him due to him being the only person unable to communicate with their familiar. 
 And honestly, Quinn couldn't blame them if they did see him this way, after all right now he was even lower than the worm boy. 
 With the first lesson over, Clark had told the students that they could start to set up their things in the tents by the side. If they wished they could continue to try to communicate with the familiars as a form of practice, but he also made sure to mention to not try this too much at the beginning in case of fear of annoying them. 
 They were just like people in the end, at times they wanted their free time and if one was to annoy them too much, then maybe they would purposely choose to not help or communicate with you. 
 As the students were picking a tent, Quinn decided that he would grab one next to Rokene, Rokene didn't say anything about this. His early detest for Buinn had changed after finding out he was unable to communicate with the familiar, perhaps his thoughts before were completely wrong. 
 Just as the night was about to end, Clark had decided to stop just outside of Quinn's tent. 
 "Can I speak to you inside for a second?" This didn't go unnoticed by the others, but they all thought that perhaps it had something to do with Quinn being unable to communicate with his familiar. Maybe he was going to try and give him some extra tips? 
 "Do you mind explaining to me exactly what happened?" Clark asked. 
 "Sure, I was in the space concentrating, and I pictured the seal in my head. I tried to communicate with him, asking him a few things. It demisted and showed me his true form. I asked it again and nothing else was said. It just looked at me and we stood there in silence before it went away and back into the sealed form." 
 Hearing this, a little smile appeared on Clark's face. "You don't have to worry." Clark replied. "You probably just skipped the next three steps. Usually, when one is to communicate with their familiars, they still appear in their mind in their closed form. Getting them to show you their true form is something different altogether. It seems to me that your familiar just does not wish to speak with you, not that you were unsuccessful with communicating with it. 
 "But it's up to you to make it talk to you. It will be pretty hard to find out its desires if you are unable to speak to each other. Perhaps this will take sometime, maybe a few days, maybe a week or even a few months." Clark said as he left the tent and started to head back. 
 As he zipped the tent back up, he could see that Rokene was listening in to everything that was heard. 
 "Damn it!" Rokene shouted out in jealousy and stormed off towards his tent. While he was inside, he decided to summon his little black rabbit once more. 
 Returning to his own larger tent, Clark decided that he would look over a few things. Most of all, he was interested in finding out just which family that particular student had come from. 
 "Oh, I forgot to ask him, or their names. I will do so tomorrow." Clark thought, but while looking at the name list he noticed something. The numbers were not adding up. The number of students that were at the training space and the number on his list. There was one more than there should have been. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 416 I said Sit! 
 MVS 416 
 It was the middle of the night. Even though there was not much difference between night and day here, the students were resting away. The adult vampires who had better control and such didn't need much rest or sleep. But the young ones including Quinn still slept every day just like people did. 
 Resting away, Quinn was suddenly woken up by a few trees's shaking. At first it didn't bother him as he thought he could just sleep through it, but then he could hear the sound of one of the tents unzipping from his left side. Knowing who was staying by his side, he decided to check it out and unzip his own tent. 
 To his surprise, he could see the black rabbit that he tried to kill earlier leaving Rokene's tent and heading back into the forest. Just as it entered the forest Rokene was about to head back to his own tent, but not before he saw Buinn catching him in the strange act. 
 Not wanting to get in trouble, he thought perhaps he could explain to Buinn what exactly he was doing. Waving his hand towards him, Rokene invited him into the same tent. 
 As he stepped inside, there was a single bed on the floor and a few crystals by his pillow side. Sitting on the floor, he started to explain himself. 
 "So what were you doing exactly?" Quinn asked. 
 "Look, I wasn't doing anything bad. I was just using our spare time to collect crystals, and my familiar helps me. There's nothing wrong with that right. Just if Clark the instructor was to find out, he might tell me to stop since we're technically not meant to be doing these sort of things." 
 Seeing the crystals by the side of his pillow, Quinn was starting to understand. The rustling noises was the black rabbit coming back and forth. Most likely moving the crystals here to the cave that he found earlier, his secret stash. The real question though was: Why? Why did someone need so many crystals? 
 "Okay, don't worry too much, I won't tell Clark." Quinn replied. 
 "Thank you." Rokene said with a relieved look on his face. It seemed like if he was to stop doing what he was doing, it would have really affected him. 
 "But let me ask, why are you so crazy about beast crystals?" Quinn asked, thinking that maybe there was something he knew, or there was a use for it that perhaps he could use for himself. 
 "… This might sound stupid right but don't laugh.." Rokene said. "I'm trying to save up so I can eventually leave this place. So I can have a life outside. I don't want to be here with everyone else." This was something big on his chest, something he wanted to tell someone desperate for so long and finally telling someone it felt good. 
 "You know I'm from the fourth family, so you probably know we have the crappy ability to talk to animals and beasts. The other families always laughed at us, and there has never been a king selected from the fourth family. I hear there is even a human ability that allows them to control animals and beasts, so what's the use of talking to them? 
 "So you see, I'm not gifted or anything, the reason I could and always have been able to get a familiar is because of my ability. Because of this, the other kids who know about this chose to ignore me, making me feel like I'm someone from one of the tenth's family." 
 It was clear he had been holding in these feelings for a long time. It was perhaps the reason why he was always angry all the time. All these feelings inside were bottling up, and he was releasing it out by shouting all the time. 
 "You know it's funny." Rokene started again. "The hatred, the ignoring, always seemed to shift. At first it was the fourths family, then the tenths, and then because of what happened with Fex, now everyone seems to hate the thirteenth family. Why does there always have to be one, why can't we all just get along?" 
 The questions Rokene was asking now, Quinn himself used to ask the same questions everyday through his school life. It didn't make sense to him, and eventually he wanted to change all that. The other thing that Quinn was interested in was hearing the name Fex, but now was not the right time to ask about him. However, it seemed like what he had done had not only affected himself but those involved in his family based on Rokene's remarks. 
 The two sat there in quiet for a while, allowing Rokene to calm down a little. Quinn wanted to say things to comfort him, but once being in the same position before, he knew that the words would do nothing. No matter how much someone said they understood how you felt, it never felt real. 
 Suddenly, Rokene grabbed his neck, and he felt like he was slightly choking as he fell to the floor. 
 "What's happening, are you okay!" Quinn said panicking, not knowing what to do. 
 After a few seconds, it seemed like Rokene was now okay as he lifted himself off the floor and he could breathe again. He continually touched his neck where his collar would usually stay and a stunned look was on his face. 
 "My familiar!." He said. "Someone's killed my familiar." 
 With the link in place, even though familiars couldn't technically die as long as their partner was alive, they could still feel part of the pain and loss. It would be some time before Rokene would be able to summon him again. While thinking of the possibilities of what might have happened, a few boys' laughter could be heard outside. 
 Both Quinn and Rokene immediately rushed outside, and could see the three boys coming out from the edge of the forest. The one in front had a crystal in his hand and he was freely chucking it up and down, catching it as he walked. 
 "That felt great!" the boy at the front said." I thought it would be a bit harder but…" 
 "You!" Rokene shouted as he ran as fast as he could up to them. "You killed my familiar, and that's my…" But he stopped himself before claiming the crystal was his. 
 The loud noise had caused the others who were still sleeping to wake up and come out of their tents. Taking a look at the commotion that was brewing outside. Quinn, seeing that things could get nasty, especially since there were three of them and only one of him. Now, standing by his side, he felt like he could back him up. He didn't know why, but he wanted to help Rokene, perhaps because he reminded him so much of himself when he was younger. 
 The dreams he had weren't crazy or far-fetched, he just needed people by his side to prove that they could happen. 
 "Oh yeah, so do you have any proof that I did this?" The boy said as he continued to laugh with the other two behind him. 
 The student that was laughing was called Siryus, and he was one of the few descendents that nearly all of them knew. A direct descendant of the first family. Quite possibly the current strongest family out of all the thirteen. Not only that, he had a reputation already for being a serious troublemaker, and not one like Fex who would just get into mischief. 
 With his eyebrows furrowed and scorning at him, Quinn could see Rokene wanted to do something, but he was holding back. Placing two fingers in his mouth, he blew. At first Quinn thought he would hear a whistle but could hear nothing. Then in the next second a bird flew from the forest in the direction that the boys had come from and landed on the top of his head. 
 "Did this person kill a little black rabbit?" Rokene said, pointing at Siyrus. 
 "Kaw!" The bird squawked and flapped its wings. 
 "Haha you idiot, just cause you can understand them doesn't mean we can as well." Siyrus replied. 
 "One Kaw for yes, two for no, do you understand?" Rokene asked. 
 "Kaw." 
 "Is this person a boy?" 
 "Kaw." 
 "Is he a girl?" 
 "Kaw, Kaw." 
 "Are there four boys in front of me?" 
 "Kaw, Kaw." 
 "I think you get the point, this bird is a lot smarter than you. Although your brain might be bigger, it doesn't mean it's better." Rokene said. 
 At this point, the confrontation had gotten too interesting for the other students that they were now all out of their tents watching what was going on. 
 "Hey, as long as your bird doesn't speak English, you can't prove Jack. For all we know, you're using your crappy ability on it." 
 For a brief second, Rokene looked around hoping that anyone, maybe someone would come to his aide but why would they. Clenching his fist, he hated that he couldn't change the situation he was in. Then the sound of a few footsteps from his side was heard pressing against the grass. 
 "Tell him, did you kill his familiar, the little black rabbit?" Quinn asked, walking towards them. With each step, his heart was pumping and his blood was boiling. The type of people in front of him now, he hated the most. 
 "Who the hell are you?" Siyrus said, as he was about to laugh at his friends at this joker coming towards him. 
 "You'll listen to what I say….�� The next second his eyes glowed red as he shouted his command. "Sit!" In nearly an instant, as if his body had lost control. Siyrus was down on the floor, sitting down. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 417 Mystery Vampire 
 The others had to take a second look at what they were just seeing in front of them, they even rubbed their eyes a few of them, but still, the sight in front of them was the same. In a way, the others saw Siyrus as a terror. Not quite a bully, but because of his status, he was able to chuck his weight around without getting in trouble. He received privileges that the others didn't receive, even though they were all direct descendants themselves. 
 And right now, a vampire they had never seen or heard of before, had made him obey him with a single word. It wasn't the fact that this was impossible to do, but the fact that another normal vampire was the one that had done it. In their minds, every vampire here was at the top level, the best of the best and on the brink of breaking through and evolving to the next stage. As for Siyrus, he was closer than any of them right now. 
 In a way, the scene they were watching in front of them should not be happening in any normal circumstance. 
 Sitting down on his knees, Siyrus's face was in a constant struggle, as if it was battling against something inside him. 
 'What is this, why can't I move?' Siryus thought to himself as he tried lifting his legs off the ground, then when looking up, all he could see was the red rings around Quinn's eyes. 
 'Is it because of this nobody, is he using his influence skill?' 
 Watching on the side lines, the students started to think about one thing, who was this mysterious vampire? Yes, they all didn't mingle or talk with each other due to being from separate families, but if there was some seriously this strong, surely they should have heard of him. Word still got around after all. 
 "Do you know his name?" One asked. 
 "No, but I did see him hanging around with Rokene earlier. Maybe they are from the same family?" 
 "Yeah right, the fourth, Dream on, but you are right, just what family is he from?" 
 Too filled with emotions of what he was doing right now, Quinn wasn't paying attention to the words that were being said behind him. What he did not want to do was to stand out, and that was the very thing he was doing now. Still, he wasn't entirely sure if his influence skill would work, but after Silver had done it to him, it was something he wanted to try out. 
 "Now explain." Quinn said with his eyes still glowing red. "Did you kill Rokene's Familier?" 
 Once again, no amount of fighting back was helping Siryus. He couldn't even resist, this had gone way beyond what any normal vampire could do. 
 "Yes, when we saw the black rabbit after noticing it belonged to Rokene, we decided to follow it and then we saw the crystal it was holding. The others trapped it while I killed it." Siryus answered. 
 "Now, tell me why you did it." Quinn asked while looking at Rokene behind him. By this point, Quinn had a good idea why people chose to do certain things and he wanted Rokene to hear it, to gain confidence in himself. 
 "Because I was jealous." Siyrus replied. 
 Hearing the first words, Rokene couldn't believe it. Why would Siryus need to be jealous of him? He was the best descendant, well known by everyone, while everyone else treated him like crap. 
 "I saw the way Instructor Clark praised him, how easy he was able to control and talk to his familiar. I didn't understand how he could easily do something that I couldn't." 
 With the answer to everything said and done and the proof they needed, Quinn cancelled his influence skill and turned to look at Rokene with a smile on his face. 
 'Did he do that for me… but why, we barely even know each other.' As he thought about these things, a lump was felt forming in his throat and he felt like his heart was truly touched. A tear started to roll off from his cheek and onto the floor. Now Rokene was hating himself for his previous thoughts. There were many times when he wanted someone to just help him, but they never, ever came. 
 Then the person he spoke bad about behind his back, the one he thought was just like the others, had helped him out, even though they didn't know each other that well. This was what had hurt him the most, the fact that he had judged Buinn so early on without knowing him. 
 Now that Siyrus had complete control over his body, he was filled with rage and Quinn's back was turned. There was a simple way for one to block the influence skill in the first place, and that was to not look directly in their eyes. 
 "You little twerp!" Siyrus shouted as he jumped off his two feet and propelled himself off of the ground. He had used so much force that the mud and grass beneath his feet had been kicked up. 
 To everyone else, the speed they saw him leap from the ground was something that some of them could only dream of, but for Quinn, he could hear sense and tell every movement as soon as he started. 
 'Should I dodge the attack, or maybe just let him hit me?' While thinking about what to do to not make him stand out so much he could sense something else happening and realised, there was no need for him to do anything. 
 Siryus fist had been stopped, and instructor Clark held it in his hand. "While I am here, there will be no fighting between my students unless I say so. All of you go back to your tents and get some sleep. As for you two, come with me and explain what happened." 
 "But sir, it wasn't Buinn's fault, it was all because of Siryrus!" Rokene tried to explain. 
 'So the student's name is Buinn huh.' Clark thought as he took the students away and ordered the rest to go sleep. 
 When they arrived, he had both of them tell their sides of the story, letting Siyrus go first, but Siryus had mentioned nothing about Quinn using the influence skill on him due to embarrassment, but said that they had accused him of some wrong doings he was a part of. 
 When Quinn told his side, he also chose to not mention the influence skill being used, and just explained how he was helping Rokene get to the truth. In the end, Clark felt like he had heard enough. It seemed like the only person that was hurt by this was Rokene. He took the crystal from Siyrus and kept it for himself while telling the two of them to return to their rooms, reminding them to not get in any more trouble. 
 As soon as the two of them had left the room, Clark looked at the name list once more, looking for the student known as Buinn and it turned out that he was the one student that wasn't on the list. He lied back in his chair and started to think about what to do for a while. 
 In truth, something like this would have usually been reported. Although only decedents and family leaders were allowed familiars, it wasn't such a big deal if another vampire had one. There were times when out that a familiar would become attached to a certain vampire, and they couldn't exactly say it was their fault. 
 But there was a chance that because Buinn wasn't on the list that he also wasn���t a direct descendent. If this was the case, then most likely he would be kicked off the current course. This was why Clark was having so much trouble trying to decide what to do. He loved nearly everything about familiars, which was why he had designed his course around them. For him, he had never seen a Boneclaw before and had only heard of it. 
 It was a once in a lifetime opportunity for him to find out what one looked like and he wanted to see Buinn grow. Why did the Boneclaw choose him, interested him greatly, so for now, he would allow him to stay. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 418 Ten Death bats 
 The training at the descendant's camp continued for a week. During that time Quinn continued to learn everything he could about families and took part in the lessons as much as possible. On top of this, he tried his best to find out any information about Fex. There were quite a few people that seemed to have known him quite well and knew who he was. 
 Even those that didn't know him now knew he had done something bad. The rumour that he would be severely punished had been passed around as for what he had done, or what exactly he would be getting as a punishment, the others weren't completely clear on that. 
 As for the familiar training he had taken part in, the other students had learned quickly. All of them could now summon their familiars at least, as for controlling them or learning what special abilities they had. It was a hit or miss. Still, there was one student who had never succeeded in a summoning during the whole time, and that was Quinn. 
 Apart from the first day, he never saw the Boneclaw again in his mind, and it seemed like it didn't want to communicate or help him anymore. Perhaps the others might have teased or made fun of him for something like this, but after the events of what had happened to Siyrus, him and the others made sure to stay clear of Quinn. 
 All apart from Rokene. Ever since that day Rokene wished to help Quinn as much as possible. Trying to give him tips and such when it came to communicating and talking with your familiar, but nothing was working. Still, the two of them had gotten closer in the short amount of time, being the only ones that continued to hang around with each other. 
 Today Clark had told everyone he had a special announcement to make in a few minutes. They were told to pack their items and to meet him out front of the large tent. Although Quinn would be turning up for this, he had already decided it would be his last day before he wasted his time here. He had made no progress with his familiar and he wasn't getting any exp, so it felt like he was only wasting his time. 
 He had yet to tell Rokene about this and decided it was best not to, anyway. 
 Inside one of the tents, Siyrus was standing up. Pacing up and down in the small space. He often did this daily as he was anxious about something. The events of that night had really affected his mind, and he just wished to purge that memory, but it was impossible every time he looked at Quinn. 
 A shiver would be sent down his spine, and the image of the red glowing eyes would pop into his head, how he had become so helpless and weak at the time. 
 The zipper to his tent was unzipped and the two boys that were usually by his side stepped into the tent. 
 "Anything?" Siyrus asked. 
 "It's the same today." One of the boys replied. "Not one person knows what family he belongs to. They all said they had never seen him before, around the castle or the nearby area. That leaves a few options. He belongs to the fourth family like Rokene and that's why they are so close. The thirteenth family had a secret descendent apart from Silver and Fex that no one knew about, or finally, the most unlikely of the three. He is a descendant of the tenth family, but that wouldn't make much sense unless the rumors about the leader coming back were true." 
 The boys didn't for a second think of the fact that Quinn might have been an outsider or not even one of the descendants from the thirteen families. They just thought he was so powerful, that he had to be one of them. 
 "Well, if my guess is right about why Clark called us today, then there might be a chance for us to do something then." 
 A few minutes later, all of the students had gathered outside and stood in front of the large tent, standing in two rows. It had been a while since they had done this and been so formal, and the last time was during the first day, so they were a little nervous about what Clark was going to say. 
 "Okay everyone." Clark started to speak. "Although it has only been a week and we still have plenty of time left, honestly there isn't much else for me to teach you about familiars. With everything I have already taught you, you should now have a stable foundation to continue to grow and control that. 
 "You guys are fast learners, while there are rumors of this current generation of vampires being the worst we have ever had, I would not include you lot in that bunch. You are probably one of the best bunch of vampires that I have taught." 
 "Wait, aren't we the only vampires he has ever taught, it's his first time right?" A girl whispered, realising that his words didn't really hold that much weight. 
 "Anyway." Clark continued, ignoring the words of the others. "Because of this, I sent in a special request and the council has agreed to push things forward for all of you. Today you will all be taking part in the vampire assessment. Due to your status you will take this earlier than the regular vampires. You are stronger and closer to the evolution point than them. 
 "The task is a simple one, everyone here will be transported to a different planet, on this planet there are advanced tier beasts called Death bats. You must kill ten of them each and bring back the crystal within. The crystals will be used to make your first light ring, which will be your proof that you have passed the assessment. 
 "Don't worry if you fail the task, your life is more important than anything. From this point onward you will be allowed to take the assessment whenever you wish." Then, pulling out one of the square teleporters from behind, it was placed on the floor. 
 The contraption sprung open, and a square portal had been opened. 
 If Quinn was to remember correctly, the Death bat crystals that were mentioned were the ones used to create the light ring in his inventory, and they were also only creatures found on a planet he had been onto once before. It was his first ever red portal planet. 
 Although he planned to leave, he was now having second thoughts. One, he never expected to be asked to go to another planet right now. He had planned to leave in the middle of the night after today. But it looked like they would all be transported soon. 
 As for the second reason, Quinn actually thought it would be good if he fought against the Death bats, he should be more than strong enough to take them and he should also get the first exp kill for the bats. Also, after giving away his own ring, making a new one would be helpful for when he returned back to the earth. 
 Because of these reasons, he decided he would go along. 
 "Okay, is everyone ready?" Clark asked. 
 The others looked nervous while some looked excited. They had been waiting for this for a long time now. As for Rokene, who was standing next to Quinn, his knees were shaking, and it looked like he would collapse at any moment now. 
 "Hey Buinn, you'll stay with me right, after all, if we take them on together this can be easy for both of us. Who knows, maybe I can talk to the beast and just ask them to let us kill them." Rokene said. 
 Hearing this, Quinn just smiled back and nodded. He didn't care as long as he got his exp, and if he was to level up and start the evolving process on the planet, it wouldn't be so strange. Since all the vampires around him were at the breaking point. 
 Finally, students started to enter the portal one by one, and eventually Quinn and Rokene did too. After all the students had entered, Clark himself was the last one to follow them. "Buinn, time to find out who you are." He said jumping through the portal. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 419 She's with me 
 A week or so had passed since Logan, Vorden and Cia had joined the regular vampire classes. So far with their teacher Silver, they had gone through some interesting things. The first problem they often faced was that the students were given blood at the canteen to consume two days a week. 
 They were able to get by and avoided drinking the blood packs by either saying they were saving it for later or giving it to someone else and even pretending to drink the drinks. This just made Vorden realize how silly he was on the first day when he had consumed the blood. There were many things he could have done to avoid such a situation, and usually he was quick on his feet when thinking about things like this. The problem was, the situation was so different to what he was used to, that even he was being affected and couldn't think straight. 
 The next set of problems they had faced were the classes they had to attend. The theory classes were interesting, and it was nice that Silver started from the beginning. So they were able to learn what the vampire pool was, about the thirteen families, the vampire king, and what they all did. 
 Still, nothing was really explained about the tenth family and their past. There was no history lesson on the vampires' past as if it was something they wanted to forget and also nothing was mentioned about the extra empty castle on the other side. When Logan was trying to gather information, it seemed like none of the other vampire kids knew what the castle was used for either. 
 The problem came when they needed to take physical activity lessons. One of the first ones was learning the skill blood swipe. Of course, the others weren't able to do this and would never be able to do this because they just weren't vampires. They would try their best to imitate the others, swinging their arms and then faking their anger when it didn't work. 
 Of course, the other vampires laughed and mocked them but it wasn't seen too much of a big deal, that was because they were in the tenth's family. As Logan had suspected, saying they were in the tenth family was a blessing in disguise. Although they were mocked and teased as such, they weren't really hit or punched just for being weaker like back at their school. 
 As for Xander, just as Silver had said, she was looking out for Logan and the students that belonged to the thirteenth. Xander didn't really get the chance to mess with Vorden. 
 A few of the other vampire classes continued like this and they managed to get by the physical ones without much trouble. All they had to do was try to imitate the others but they were all starting to wonder how much longer they could stay there. It was okay to be like this for the first week. But it would only be a matter of time before they were caught. There was no further information on Fex, it seemed. It was best if they could get out of there. 
 "Today our practical lesson will be a bit different than usual." Silver said standing at the front of the class. "We will be doing something called joint exercises with the other campuses. When fighting or in trouble you won't always have another vampire by your side. There are also those in the subclasses there to help you. 
 "There are different subclasses even within the categories so it's important you know what each of them do and how they act. So today, we will be going to do some joint exercises with the C campus on the outside front field." 
 "YES!" Cia shouted out of happiness, the others around her looked at her for a second, before she slowly looked around and started to sit back down in her seat. If it was any other situation she would have been embarrassed but she didn't care. She was just over the moon that she would be seeing Layla again. 
 Lately her mind had been feeling worse than it did before, especially since she had been mulling over the fact that the people that had brought her to this world, were the ones that might have removed her memories in the first place, but if anyone might tell her the truth, she thought she would be able to reach out to Layla. 
 'It might be a good time to talk to her to see if she has found anything out.' Logan thought, 'And try to find a way out from here. Quinn should have escaped from that mountain a while ago. He tried to contact us using the mask but it looks like we missed it.' 
 With the explanation done, three classes each from the vampire side were sent to stand in front of the different campuses. For today two classes would head to work with Category A, then two classes sent for category B and the final two classes sent to work with category C. 
 When they arrived outside it looked like their class was doing activities with an old friend. As Vordens eyes and Xanders eyes managed to meet each other. 
 'He's still upset over this little thing, what's with people holding grudges?' Vorden thought. 
 'Ha, ha,' Raten started Laughing hysterically. 'Like you're one to talk.' 
 Silver and Paul met up and quickly shook hands as the class would begin, and Paul was left to do the explaining. 
 "So first, as you can see there are an even amount of Vampires to subclasses of the C class, so what I will want you to do in a moment is get into pairs with each other. I want the two of you to get to know each other. Explain your abilities, your strengths, weaknesses, things you have learnt over the past week." Paul said. "Once we have passed this stage we will then move onto the next. So, please go ahead and find your partner." 
 Immediately there was a rush from the thirsty vampires to go ahead and talk to the girls from the Sub C classes. Some of them already knew who they wanted to team up with, and some chose to stay with those that they knew and where from their family. 
 As for Cia, the whole time she only had one person in her sight. As soon as they were allowed to move, she was ready to sprint over to Layla. However, the second they were allowed to pair up, a loud of black figures in her eyesight had gone flying past her and stopped directly where Layla was. They surrounded her and it looked like Cia was unable to even barge in. 
 "Please be my partner!" One of the boys said. 
 "I'm the strongest vampire of my class. I think we will make a great couple…I mean partner." Another fumbled over their words. 
 As for Logan a strange big eyed tanned brown girl with bushy hair had come towards him and said nothing. She then just put his hand into his and stayed there in place. 
 For some reason, Logan preferred it this way, there was no communication and no hassle. Someone out of the blue had just chosen to be with him. 
 As for Vorden, he could see everything happening, what they needed to do was to get one of them to team up with Layla so they were able to get more information. He could see Cia struggling, as she couldn't get past the wall of boys, so instead he decided to walk over, but not before Amy, the blonde headed girl had blocked his path. 
 "Where are you going bad boy?" She said. "You're staying with me." Her tail flicked fast in the wind, but she noticed his eyes were never looking at her for even a second, but was looking past her at Layla. 
 'What a lucky girl to have such a caring boy.' She thought. 
 "Move out of the way." A voice said from behind the crowd, most of the boys chose to ignore it continuing to try and persuade Layla, but one of them at the very back had turned and could see who it was. 
 "Hey." The boy whispered. "Let's go it's Xander." 
 Once they found out who had told them to go away, the boys decided to split up and leave. Seeing this and ignoring what was going on, Cia felt like it was her chance and she immediately started running towards Layla once again. Hearing the sound of footsteps Xander turned around and looked Cia straight in the eye. 
 "Stay!" He shouted, and immediately her whole body was frozen, she felt like she couldn't move. 
 'What is this? Argh my head. What's wrong, why does it hurt so much?' Even though she was in pain and wanted to move she couldn't even lift her hand to place on her aching head. 
 "Do you remember me?" Xander said walking towards Layla. "I want you to be my partner, as you can see it looks like you have no other choice." He said with a creepy smile. 
 Layla wanted to use her spiritual chains there and then once again but honestly he had done nothing wrong and it looked like the others had already gotten partners. 
 'He wouldn't be able to do anything while the teachers are here right ?' She thought as she felt like she had no choice but to accept. 
 "I want to be her partner." A voice said, and turning his head Xander could see Vorden walking towards him. 
 "Again, do you people never learn? Stay!" He shouted. 
 But, not even for a brief second, did Xander's influence skill work on Vorden as he continued to walk forward. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 420 Stay or go 
 "STOP!" Xander shouted out again, this time louder with his eyes glowing even fiercer, but still it didn't seem to slow down Vorden's advance. Instead, it just made it so all the students who weren't paying attention before, were now looking in the direction of the others. 
 'Why isn't it doing anything?' Xander thought. He knew he wasn't anything special when compared to the direct descendants. But this was the class from all the regular vampires. Everyone who was somebody was well known and had already been scouted to enter a family. Even if his influence skill wouldn't work on stopping someone completely, it should have at least had an effect on a no name like the person in front of him. 
 Yet, for some reason he hadn't even flinched or even slowed down for a second as if it had no effect on him at all. As if the person's mind in front of him was impenetrable. 
 Then, when the two of them were close enough, Vorden strangely leaned in and put his face right up to Xander's. 
 "You're crappy skills won't work on me… Because my mind is already broken." Lifting his hand upward, he shoved Xander to the side as he continued to walk towards Layla. 
 The shove wasn't hard. The person had done nothing to Xander, but just because his influence skill had failed him completely, he was sweating in fear right now. Lately too many unexpected things were happening to him lately na perhaps it was best for him to stay out of it. 
 "You've had your fun now, Raten, so let's switch." Said Vorden, standing by the chair in the black room. "What you did was a little risky, I know you're stronger than me, but remember we don't have any abilities here. It would be a hard fight against a vampire." 
 "Pft, you need to learn to read people better." Raten replied. "That person won't ever try to mess with you after this. He's broken and Fine, I'll switch. But I don't know why you like this softie, the blondie before was a lot better." 
 "Wait!" Xander shouted. He had somehow managed to pluck up the courage as there was still something he had that this person couldn't have. He had done his research into the student who had tried to stop him before, and he knew he belonged to the tenth family. Working with them, every vampire and even the sub classes knew there was no future. Compared to himself who was close with the first family. 
 "Are you sure you want to team up with him? I think you might change your mind. You see that boy there is from the tenth family." 
 Some of those who were watching around gasped as if they were watching some type of drama show. Since the scene in front of them hadn't turned violent yet, Silver and Paul decide to continue to let the spectacle go on for now. At the end of the day, what they did was their choice, and perhaps this was something they would come across in the future. 
 "Why do I care about that?" Layla replied. "Even if he was human, I would choose him a hundred times over you." 
 Although she didn't know it, these words were a low blow to a vampire's pride. Who often saw themselves as superior beings to humans. The words made him feel as if he had been stabbed in the heart and he fell to his knees. 
 "Okay shows over, everyone quickly get into your pairs." Phil said, clapping his hands. Everyone quickly moved into place, and Amy in the end had ended up with Cia as her partner. 
 "Both of you go into an empty space. This is more for the vampires to learn about you than the C classes. Tell them everything you know, perhaps show them some skills and introduce yourselves to the person next to you." Paul explained. "Then we can move onto the next step." 
 As Layla and Vorden got into their own space far away from Xander, the others tried to move so they were relatively close to them as well. This was especially the case for Cia, this didn't go unnoticed by Amy. 
 "Hey you don't happen to swing the other way, do you?" Amy asked, with her tail pointing in the direction of Layla. "That girl is so lucky to have so many people after her. I thought I was a beauty, but it turns out people don't like this, these days." She said placing her hands on her chest and lifting them up and down. 
 It was clear Amy was a confident and bold person; it wasn't the fact that she was ugly. In Fact many people would have considered her a beauty, but sometimes her confidence and her pushiness would scare guys away. 
 Hearing these comments, Cia's face had gone bright red. "No, no, it's not that, She's just the only person I really know from here." 
 Hearing these words and what the blonde boy from before had said, Amy was starting to wonder if all of them were from the tenth family. It would explain why at times Layla seemed to be a bit on edge or out of place, and knew far less than the standard person, but if that was the case she was starting to wonder who was her turner. Normal vampires were not really allowed to turn people without permission, so it couldn't be the girl or the other two in front of her. 
 Then the confidence and memory of the blonde boy was struck in her head, and how he managed to resist Xander's influence skill. These things weren't normal for people from the tenth to do. 
 'Is something happening over there?' She thought as she looked in the direction of the tenth castle. She couldn't shake the feeling that very soon something big was happening and it could have something to do with the rumours about the tenths' return. 
 "Thank you." Layla said as she gave a warm hearted smile towards Logan. She started to think about the two of their relationships from the start. It had truly gotten off on the wrong foot. In Fact when they first met, Vorden strangled her up against the wall and she had stabbed him in the thigh with an arrow. 
 And here he was now protecting her. The world truly worked in strange ways. 
 "Don't worry, we need to look out for each other." Vorden replied. "Did you manage to find anything out about Fex?" 
 Layla started to explain what had happened during her week. She knew of Fex and it seemed like the others did too but not what he had done. It seemed like it was the same everywhere. She then went on to also explain what she had been doing the last week and how much she had learned. This included controlling her emotions. She no longer felt the need to have sudden outburst here and there and could harness that energy for herself. 
 This allowed her to call upon her attacks if need be, still if she truly wanted to evolve into the next stage. She would need to try to control this better or even use a strong outside source. This includes the negative emotions of people like Cia. Still, even after all her training, she had yet to evolve into the next stage once, but Phil constantly told her it would be something that would take some time. Especially depending how long she had been Hannyma for. 
 After hearing everything, Vorden had a list of what had happened so far. 
 "We think we've spent enough time here and since we can't find anything out about Fex, we are thinking of leaving soon. In the next few days or so. If you can, try to contact us somewhere alone at night and use the mask and we can give you further details then." 
 For a second, Layla looked around her and looked at Amy and the others. She thought back to her time and how much she had learnt so far. She then took in a deep breath before saying her next few words out loud. "No… I want to stay here." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 421 The nice teacher cries 
 "Stay?" Vorden replied. 
 It was strange that Layla was possibly talking about being left here on this planet, alone, behind with everyone else. Looking at the small horns on top of her head, and the friendly girls around the place that looked to be just like her, Vorden couldn't help but think maybe she did fit in with this type of crowd more. 
 'Perhaps she now feels more at home with people more like her now.' Vorden thought. 
 Seeing a slight frown and down look on Vorden's face, Layla felt like she needed to make sure there was no misunderstanding between her words. 
 "I don't mean to stay here forever." Layla started to explain. "You guys are going to try to go into the city to try and find more information, right? Is there any need for me to come along and try help? There is still a lot for me to learn here, and of course, I want to help Quinn. If I can, I want to stay here as long as possible learning as much as I can. When you guys really need me, and are ready to get Fex and Peter, then contact me through the mask. I'll check it every night at a certain time and will be ready to leave this place at any moment." 
 Now Vorden understood, she didn't want to stay behind on the planet, she just wanted to stay here so she could learn more. It was true that probably the three of them would be enough. The pending problem though seemed to be Cia. She had initially come because of Layla and if they were to leave without Layla, would she join them? 
 They couldn't exactly leave Cia with the other vampires. If they did, then there was a high chance she would be caught. This predicament was something Vorden really couldn't think of how to get out of. He would later need to consolidate Logan about this to see if he had any type of plan. 
 As time went on, the pairs started to inform each other of certain skills. Vorden and Layla pretended that they were exchanging important information. Logan and the big eyes girl just continued to stare at each other without a word being spoken. While Cia would continuously look in Layla's direction while Amy felt like her words were being spoken to a dead wall. 
 After the time was up, Vampires were asked to come to the front and explain what they learnt about their partners. While doing so, the Sub class would stand next to them. This was to see how much information they remembered while also sharing it with the others. Most of It went well, and when it came to Logan's turn, he just stood there at the front saying nothing. 
 And it looked like his partner also did the same, with a large smile on her face. 
 Seeing this awkward scene, Phil quickly interrupted as he remembered what type of Subclass she was, as she wasn't able to speak. 
 "Sorry this is my fault, I will do the explaining for this group as an exception. 
 Vorden already knew about Layla, so it was relatively easy for him to explain to the others and then it came to Cia's turn. Amy standing by her side, thought that she was doomed and wouldn't say anything. After all the whole time the two of them were together, her mind was somewhere else. Hardly any words were exchanged between the two, and Amy would just spout it out as if she was an information page about herself. 
 "Amy is something known as a succubus. Although some may not be able to tell this there are some clear signs. The red tail and the single horn that is placed only on the left side. This is because she is still only something known as an infant succubus. When she evolves and turns into a full succubus, she will grow two horns, evenly placed on both sides. Her tail will grow longer, her skin will redden, and finally, her wings will sprout out from her back. 
 "They are strong in illusion magic and are also able to lure certain men who are attracted to her easily. This is because the source of her energy is a man's special seed." 
 "Excellent," Paul said. He started to explain a few more details while showing Amy as an example. Then later he sent the two of them back. 
 Returning, Amy glanced at Cia who still looked to be deep in thoughts, She was absolutely shell shocked by the way Cia had managed to answer the whole class. She was sure she wasn't paying attention to a single word, yet somehow she had mentioned everything Amy had said to her. 
 Even Cia herself hadn't realised how well she was able to keep the information inside her head, but when looking at Layla, it was as if her mind was able to focus on two points of information at once. Noting down everything. She felt like she often did this when walking around and entering rooms. Her eyes would dart around and make points about everything small notes. 
 Even when looking at people, she would roughly know their weight and height. She could only assume that all of these things were a habit, but why? 
 After all was done for the lesson, the students were allowed to return to their dorm rooms, and Vorden had entered Logan's room to tell him what Layla had said. With the two of them, they hoped they would be able to come up with a plan because so far they had nothing. 
 "Well, the best thing to do first is to ask Cia what she would like to do." Logan replied. "I think it's best to bring her along with us, but if she refuses it will be hard to force her… it is a tricky situation, and we still haven't heard back from Quinn." 
 Logan sat on his chair in his room for a while with his hand on his chin. It was his thinking position, but it was taking longer for him than usual to come up with something. He didn't know if it was because he wasn't in his room with his comfy massage chair or the fact that he hadn't eaten his favourite sandwiches for a while for his brain power. 
 "I think we might have to stay here as well." Logan finally spoke. "I tried doing research on the thirteenth castle. Now that we know how many vampires and strong vampires are inside, with just us three, I fear we would be killed in seconds. If the students here know nothing more, I doubt we would be able to find more out in the town either. I suggest we don't move until we hear from Quinn, at the end of the day we will all move out with him." 
 With no plan of his own, Vorden felt like it was probably the only option they had. 
 The next day, when entering their classroom and sitting in their regular seats, everyone was surprised to see that Teacher Silver didn't seem to be at the front today. She would usually be there before everyone else and greet each one of them as they entered the room. 
 The kids at first were a little scared of Silver due to the stern expression on her face that seemed to never change. Still, slowly they all started to notice small gestures she would do that the other teachers didn't, these things showed to the whole class that she cared. She would greet everyone as they came in with their first names, pretty much on the second day. 
 On everyone's desk, notes had been taken down of what they would be going through in their class that day, and if needed for the lesoon, books would already be handed out on each desk. She had also created beautiful name tags that were placed in the front of everyone's desk, so it was easier for everyone to remember each other's name and they weren't just regular name tags as well. Looking at it, one could tell they each had care put into them when being made. 
 These wern't things the other teachers did, it really felt like she went the extra mile in helping those in her class. 
 It now made not only the boys, but the girls as well truly fall for their teacher Silver. Some were even thinking it would be best to join the thirteenth family just to serve under her, even with all the problems going on at the moment. 
 And this was why everyone was worried when all the students had arrived and Silver still hadn't. 
 "Did something happen to her?" A student asked. 
 "Maybe we should tell the other teachers." Another replied. 
 Then the sound of the sliding door was heard as Silver walked in, with it a certain air had arisen, and the room fell completely silent. 
 Everyone in an instant could tell something was wrong. Each step she took inside the room felt heavy, her hair that was usually done up nicely and tied back had fallen to her sides, and when she finally went to face the students her eyes looked lost. They all wanted to ask what happened, what was wrong? But it was considered rude in the vampire culture to ask such a thing of someone in a higher position. 
 "I am here to make an announcement that they have asked us to make not only to the students, But to the whole vampire settlement." Silver said in a monotone voice with no fluctuation at all. "That the vampire known as Fex Sanguis, a former member of the thirteenth family will be executed." 
 This was no new information for the students around them. The word had already spread of what would happen, but still no one knew exactly what he had done. 
 "The execution will be on the 25th of August on the day he came to this world, and it shall be a public one at the main plaza. Stationed at the front of the king's castle." 
 "A public execution!" Fred said out loud, but he wasn't the only one that was shocked by this. The others were as well. A public execution hadn't even been seen in their own life times. Most of the time, the matter would be dealt with by their own families or behind the scenes. The students could only think that Fex's crime had to be a truly serious one for them to go this far, and to even make everyone aware of it as well. 
 *Bang 
 Slamming her fist onto the desk in front of her, it was hard for Silver to contain her emotions. She knew this moment was coming but having to inform people out loud of what was happening, made her realise all too soon the day was upon her and that she could do nothing. 
 "Now, I know why she's like that." Fred said. 
 Hearing this, Vorden was wondering what he meant, they were able to gather information that had informed them that Silver was part of the thirteenth family. So she would be upset, but this was different. This was beyond being upset, and Vorden was interested due to Silver helping him out before, she seemed like a genuinely good person. 
 "What do you mean?" Vorden asked. 
 "What isn't it obvious, although some people say Silver is heartless, it's as clear as day that she is being affected by her brother's execution." 
 'Silver is Fex's brother, and a vampire knight at that!' Vorden thought in his mind, and it seemed like at the same time Logan had received this information as well. This realisation was what they needed to move onto the next step. 
 'Now, we just need you Quinn.' Logan thought. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 422 Bat Hunting 
 When entering through the square like teleporters, Quinn realised that the students didn't have to go through holding each other one by one like they did the circular teleporters. At first, Quinn thought this was done on purpose as a way to randomly split up the students for the assessment, but as they were transported to the new area, and he looked around him. He could see everyone was there and shortly after the teacher had arrived as well. 
 Just like the planet, they had come from it was dark outside when looking at the sky. All of them seemed to be in a strange open wasteland. There were no trees like where they once were, and there seemed to be nothing around them at all. No lake's no hills just a fat plain wasteland. 
 It was hard to tell if it was the same planet that Quinn had arrived on once before. When he had arrived at the red portal planet before, he had done so at a shelter There were plenty of buildings and strange items around, but they were all destroyed. After all, planets were large and vast, and some of them even had similar structures to earth. Where there would be separate continents with water in between. 
 So there was a good chance that Quinn would never see the shelter again even if he was on the same planet, but it did start to make him think. The planet was where he had found the Shadow ability book, while the book itself was an ability that only vampires could learn. Right now vampires used the planet as a training ground, was there a possibility that at one point the human shelter and the vampires had interacted with each other. 
 Maybe the vampires were even the ones who had destroyed the shelter. The shadow seems to be a complicated thing, during his training, he looked at the other descendants and saw them from time to time using their powers. Yet not a single one of them had the same shadow power as Quinn, and even the system had told him it would be best for him to hide it for now, only using it if his life was in danger. 
 When Clark had arrived, he went around to each of the students placing a strange small circular device on their clothing. It stuck on quite easy and it looked as if it would take quite a bit before falling off. He then also handed them each a small backpack that continued certain supplies inside, one of them being blood. 
 "This here is a tracker that will allow me to find you, as for the other things you can take a guess why they are needed," Clark explained. "This trip will last a total of three days. When the tracker beeps three times, it means you are to return to this spot so please try to get your bearings. If you are lost, then don't worry. 
 "My familiar is one of the best at tracking people, and we also have the trackers placed on you as back up. The task is to defeat ten death bat crystals, you may do so however you wish, you may do whatever you wish. But remember your fellow classmates are not the enemy. If I find you have stolen the bat crystals after they were already obtained you shall be in serious trouble." 
 From Clark's words, it sounded like working together to collect the crystals were not a problem, but one could not steal crystals from another. This meant working as a group presented its own problems. Although you are more likely to kill a death bat crystal one would have to find more. And then between the group, they would also need to decide how to distribute to Bat crystals to each other. 
 The larger the group, the more likely a person would eventually be left out, and the stronger ones would complain at the fact that they did more work. In the first place, there were only twenty five of them on the planet. 
 Clark then proceeded to sit down and open up his book as he started reading. 
 "Well, what are you waiting for?" Clark said. "The assessment has already begun since we got here." 
 With that, the students decided to split off and start searching for the death bat beasts. Rokene had teamed up with Quinn and had also already summoned his familiar. With the three they could cover more ground and perhaps find a death bat quicker. 
 Some other students had formed groups, while there were very few who had decided to go off on their own, but those were mostly the stronger students. 
 Before leaving, Quinn looked into the direction of Siyrus and their group of three. Their eyes met for a brief second before Siyrus turned his head away and walked off in a different direction. At least, for now, it didn't seem like he would cause any trouble with Quinn again. 
 Nearly all the students decided to head off in a different direction to see if they could find anything. One of the hardest parts of this assessment was the fact that they were given next to no information. They wern't told where to go, or even where the death bats would most likely be. 
 If they were in a more varied terrain area, then perhaps they could have chosen certain places that were more likely to have beasts. But the open wasteland made it hard for them to choose any direction. 
 "Shouldn't it be obvious?" Rokene said while walking and looking at his black rabbit running about ahead of them. 
 "What do you mean?" Quinn replied. 
 "Well, the name of the beast is a death bat right, so doesn't that mean they will be in a cave of some sort. Just like regular bats." He replied. 
 But when Quinn looked around, he couldn't even find a mountain or a hill for any bats to even live in. He did agree, but right now it didn't make any sense. 
 They continued to walk with still nothing around them they could see, until the little black rabbit started to make some strange noises, and it immediately started to run back towards Rokene. 
 "It's here," Rokene said. "The rabbit says the Death bat is here." 
 But when they both looked around, they couldn't see anything. They both walked forward until they were where the rabbit stood and a little up ahead they could see a black shadow mound. From where they were the mound just looked like a fairly large thick boulder. It stood out all on its own and looked a little out of place as nothing was around it. 
 *Squeek Squeek 
 "It's saying that the thing that we are looking at is the death bat, but what's it dog out here?" Rokene replied. 
 From this distance, the bat was a little too far for Quinn to use his inspect skill to bring up any information at the same time he felt like he needed to be careful. Although he had defeated a king tier beast before, at the time he had nearly died and had the help of others. The flashbacks of the advanced beast killing all the students on the other planet came running through his head. 
 Some advanced beasts were stronger than others, and it was possible this was one of the stronger ones. With his hand, he bent down and grabbed a chuck of the land until it was like a small stone in his hand. It was a good weight and size similar to a baseball. Judging the distance and the right amount of strength. He threw the rock as hard and as fast as he could and managed to perfectly hit the top of the shadow border ahead. 
 "Bingo!" Rokene said as the stone bounced off and fell to the floor. 
 Suddenly, the boulder started to shake and vibrate, and it was slowly growing in size. It lifted its wing and revealed was a large bat looking creature that had the wingspan of at least two meters. 
 Not messing around both of them moved in towards the bat, the bat's movements seemed a little slow as if it was waking up from a sleep, so they decided to move a little faster. While on their way, Quinn was continually trying to use his inspect skill until he was finally within range. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Advanced tier beast Death bat] 
 [ A large bat-like creature that uses the power of supersonic waves. The sound produced by the bat is at a frequency that is unheard of by most living beings. The attacks produced from the beast mouth also move at the speed of sound and are powerful. If the bat feels like its life is in danger, it will cry, calling others to the same area.] 
 "Perfect," Quinn said. "Let's go bat hunting!" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 423 Last hi 
 Reading the details of the death bat, Quinn wasn't too worried. By now he had figured out the system a little, if the beast in front of him was strong enough, he would have received a certain quest, or at least one for an instant level up, but he had not. oNly when strong opponents or beasts appeared would he receive such a thing. Still, it didn't mean the task would be easy, especially reading the last part about it calling its allies. 
 There was a good chance that if the death bat felt like its life was in danger, it would call over more of them. This could be seen as a good thing or bad thing depending on the situation. If the death bat was easy to kill with Rokene's help, then having more would make the task easier, after all they needed to kill twenty advanced beasts in a time span of three days. 
 The problem was though how many would come? Would it depend how many were nearby in the area, and how far would its cry attract attention from. If the beast was quite hard to kill, it would perhaps be too hard for the two of them to handle many at once. 
 With all these things in mind, Quinn was ready. 
 "The beast isn't replying, so we have no choice but to fight!" Rokene said. 
 Quinn was never relying on the fact that Rokene was able to do something in the first place with his ability. It seemed like Rokane had made an attempt just because of what he had said before. 
 The black rabbit stayed on Rokene's shoulder and its horn started to light up, just like it did when fighting against the other beast in the river. In response to this, the death bat opened its mouth and leaned back its head and its belly slighting raised, but no sound was heard. 
 "Jump!" Quinn shouted. 
 Dashing to the left and Rokene dashing to the right, they split up and just where they were at that moment. The dirt from the floor lifted up as if an explosion was placed in the ground.. 
 'Was that an attack from the death bat?' Rokene thought and was thankful that Buinn had told him to move, otherwise he would have been hit from the invisible and soundless attack. 
 Quinn only knew that it was preparing for an attack thanks to the information provided by the system. Opening its mouth was the sign it would be unleashing a sonic blast, but it was at a frequency that could be unheard of from vampires. 
 It continued to fire out blast after blast going for Quinn. Looking at the beast's head movements, Quinn was able to dodge most of the attacks, but once in a while he would have to perform the flash step as two attacks would come out too close to each other. Dust and dirt would rise up from the ground just moments after Quinn would move. It looked strange and made it seem as if Quinn was the one causing this as if there was a delay in his footsteps. 
 However, this all gave Rokene plenty time to prepare. His familiar was ready and so it was easy getting into position around the side of the death bat. He first shot out two blood swipes of his own. 
 They scraped across the floor and eventually reached the beast's side. The bat slightly turned its body lifting its wing blocking the attack, but this was what Rokene was waiting for. The attacks were just a distraction. Once the bat had moved its wing out of the way to throw out an attack of its own, the Black rabbit was ready with it's horn firing off a strong straight line of a lightning bolt. 
 The attack was fast and strong and the Bat was unable to react in time, it lifted its wing but not enough to stop the attack, however, it was able to jump and flap its wings slightly changing where the attack would hit. Originally it was going for the head but now with its sudden movements, the attack instead singed right through a part of its chest and black blood started to pour down from below. 
 "Damn, we were so close!" Rokene complained. 
 Still, flapping its wings the Black bat's attention seemed to be focusing on something else. It was slightly up in the air, and tilted its head back further than before, and then its belly started to rise outward even more. Whatever it was, it was clear that this attack was bigger than the ones before and it was coming right for rokene.. 
 "Blood shield." Rokene said, a wall of blood rose in front of him, all he could do was hope it would be enough to block the attack. 
 "Moon crescent kick!" 
 Looking up in the air, Rokene could see something up as high as the bat appeared… it was Quinn. At that moment, lifting his leg from below upward, towards his head as fast and as strong as he could, a horizontal single line of blood came out. It was larger than any blood swipe Rokene had ever seen before. At the same time it looked slightly different and instead of the attack coming from the hands like it usually would, it came from a leg instead. 
 The large attack the bat had been storing up, it quickly lifted its head and blew out the attack to its side. It was such a powerful attack the force had moved the bat's body slightly backwards. The crescent kick had hit, but instead of slicing the beast in half. It had hit the wing and continued to go past until it eventually disappeared. 
 A few seconds later and the wing had fallen to the floor with the bat following shortly after. 
 'Was that a new type of attack he created himself.' Rokene thought. 
 His own blood swipe had only caused faint scratches on the beast skin, but Buinn's had managed to completely cut off the beast wings. Unfortunately it seems like the beast had some form of intelligence or at least battle instinct, as it was able to narrowly avoid death twice now. 
 As soon as Quinn's feet had touched the floor and he lifted his head up, he was ready to finish off the beast and gain the exp, but then another red strike had come out from the side. This one was neither from Quinn nor Rokenne. 
 It too was a single strike of blood swipe but was larger than the one Rokene had produced. With the blood from the chest wound, and the wound delivered from Quinn, the bat could hardly move and was ready to call its allies but before it could, the red aura had slipped right through its neck killing the beast. 
 "Ha, ha, ha!" We did it, a voice said from the side. 
 Quinn and Rokene turned their heads to the side, knowing full well that neither of them had killed the beast. Meaning someone had stolen their kill at the last second. 
 Looking at who it was, it was an unforgettable face for both of them. It was Siyrus and by his side were his two friends. 
 "It was a good idea to follow you, you guys certainly did put on an impressive act." He said walking over to the beast's body. 
 "Wait, that's ours!" Rokene shouted. 
 "Huh, But I was the one who killed it, unfortunately, the crystal now belongs to me, and according to the rules that Clark had put in place. You guys aren't allowed to steal it off me." Siyrus said, as his two friends carved out the crystal before pocketing it for themselves. 
 The three of them had at first gone into a different direction, but being able to find nothing, they decided to head off into the direction of where Rokene and Quinn went. In doing so, they had planned to do what they had just done now. There were three of them, and Siyrus thought they would be quite tired from killing the beast. 
 Even if they were to get into a fight, Siyrus was confident that they could win, and even if they couldn't as long as they got the last hit in, the crystal would be there. He knew the two of them wouldn't break the rules and try to steal the crystal from him, so in a way he had a back up plan. 
 With the crystal in his hand, he had a big smile. He couldn't wait to see the look on Buinn's face. All of this was done due to the humiliation he had faced a while back and now he wanted to saviour this moment. 
 Turning his head, he looked at Quinn who just stood there motionless. His face wasn't one of anger or happiness, but he looked a little calm, but inside of Quinn, he was feeling anything but calm. 
 While the others couldn't feel it, Siryrus could. There was a sickly feeling entering his stomach once again, and he couldn't help but think that perhaps he had made a grave mistake. 
 Right now, Quinn was doing everything he could to hold in his anger. He was in a slight rush, trying his best to save Fex and get stronger. Although he didn't care much for the assessment or the death bat crystals, what he did care about was the exp. It had been a long time since he was able to level up, and maybe there was a good chance he could after killing all of these death bats. 
 Then a horrible thought came across his mind. 
 'Why have you chosen to get in my way, if I couldn't kill the death bat for the exp, maybe I should just kill you?' 
 It was a thought that came into his head only for a brief second, but that was all it took for what was to happen next. 
 Behind the three boys, a black mist had appeared. It was large in size, much bigger than the boy's height, and slowly from it, a large horrifying creature had emerged. So much so that Rokene had taken a step back. He had never seen something like this before. Whatever it was, it looked far more powerful than the death bat just seconds ago. 
 Then in the next few seconds, with its long dangly fingers, the Boneclaw had pierced Siryus directly in the chest right through the heart and a few seconds later..it had come to a halt. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 424 Who are you? 
 [Basic Vampire killed] 
 [3000 exp gained] 
 [Small basic blood crystal obtained] 
 There was no warning, nor was there any strange feeling, there was just nothing. One second there was a tiny thought inside Quinn's mind and the next, he could see the Boneclaw standing behind the three vampire students. For so long he had tried to summon it, and it had never listened, and only now had it acted. 
 As the Boneclaw moved its hand out from Siryu's chest, the red blood could be seen sliding down from its long dangly fingers, until his body eventually slid off and a solid thump was heard as his body hit the floor. 
 It didn't take long for the next two either, as they turned their heads in fear wondering what could have possibly been strong enough to kill a vampire in a single hit, but as they were turning their heads, the last thing they saw was another large dangling hand and a deep pain in their necks. Blood splattered, spraying in the air and falling onto the floor before both of the bodies had fallen onto the floor. 
 [Basic vampire killed x2] 
 [6000 exp gained] 
 [41890/51200] 
 "What is that beast?" Rokene said as his whole body was shaking with fear, and even the black rabbit on his shoulder had climbed on top of his head and was shivering with fear as well. It was the first time his own familiar had ever acted like this before. Even when seeing the death bat it didn't react like this. 
 Still, it was clear whatever it was; it was immensely powerful having killed three strong vampires in a single strike. Right now, Rokene was just thinking about everything he could do to survive. However, what happened next was certainly unexpected. He could see Quinn standing there not too far from the strange large creature. The two of them looked at each other for a second, not saying a word and not speaking to each other, and then a black mist started to cover the Boneclaw. This mist was very familiar to Rokene, it was something he had seen many times, but he didn't want to believe what he was about to see next. 
 As the mist covered the entire creature's body, it slowly started to move towards Buinn until eventually it looked like it had entered his back, where his marking for his familiar was seen. 
 'It was his familiar… Buinn… Buinn… Was the one that killed them.' Rokene thought. This realization was a little too much. 
 "Get out of here." Quinn said. 
 Still not quite sure what was going on, Rokene was confused. He was starting to grow to like the person in front of him. Especially after he had saved him a while ago, from the very person that was now dead. Of course, there were times when he even for a brief second wished for Siyrus's death, but he would never actually do it. Besides, he was one of the strongest direct descendants of the first family. 
 "Buinn, you need to go into hiding." Rokene said. "The first family, they'll be after you. They'll chase you until you're dead. Maybe we can explain things, maybe we can say that this was all a work of a strange beast, right? After all, it was only me who saw what happened." 
 Quinn felt a little touched by the gesture, but he knew it was useless more than anyone else. He pointed above and when they looked up, they could see a black like raven circling. It wasn't any regular raven; it seemed to look nearly identical to the one Clark owned. 
 "He already knows." Quinn said. "I didn't mean for this to happen. I can't even control my familiar." Although he said these words, Quinn couldn't help but think he was at fault. For a brief second he did want them dead, and the Boneclaw had complied with his wishes. It had completed his dark desire in an instant without giving him a second chance to change his mind. 
 "Besides." Quinn continued. "You know they could use the influence skill to interrogate you about what happened and if you lie…" Quinn then started to think about Fex. He didn't want the same thing that was happening to him, to happen to the vampire in front of him. "Please just leave, I'll be okay.. Right now you're not involved with this, and you have nothing to do with this." 
 Although Rokene wanted to help, he knew he couldn't and if he was to be caught like this, or his family was to find out he was involved in something like this, his life would be practically ruined. 
 "Follow your dream Rokene, go to Earth it's a nice place." Quinn said. "If you ever go there, pay me a visit and try to find someone by the name of Quinn. Don't worry, I won't be dying here today." He then took out the Oni mask, placing it on his mouth. A strange purple shadow quickly rose up, covering different parts of his body and finally when they disappeared. His suit including his pieces of beast armour was equipped. 
 At this point, Rokenne had already turned his head away and started to run off in a random direction. While doing so, something started to tickle his cheek and that's when he realised it was tears. 'Quinn huh, I will remember that name. Don't die." 
 Standing in the middle of the wasteland, Quinn looked up and he could no longer see the black raven. 
 "That was quick." Said Quinn. 
 "It was the tracking device. If a student gets killed, then it immediately informs me." Clark said. "But you know that's not the only reason why I was able to get here so quick." 
 Turning around, Quinn could see Clark standing there. His face was as serious as it always had been, but this time it felt like Clark was trying hard to suppress his emotions. 
 "Why were you following me with your familiar?" Quinn asked. 
 "Of course you already knew. Honestly, I was interested in seeing if your Boneclaw would come out. A familiar I have yet to see. I thought maybe if your life was on the line or you were in extreme danger it would come out to protect you.. Otherwise why would it choose a master in the first place. I just never expected for this to happen." Clark said while looking at the three bodies off to the side. 
 Even if the incident was an accident and due to the Boneclaw, this was something that could not easily be forgiven. Three direct descendants of the thirteenth family were killed, one of them being from the first family. A trial would be taking place and unless this person had a strong family backing most likely, he would be executed. Then there was the other problem as well, who really was the student in front of Clark right now. 
 "Will you tell me your real name?" Clark asked. "Or what family you belong to?" 
 There was then silence between the two. Quinn thought there was a possibility of such a thing happening, but didn't understand why Clark didn't say anything earlier then. Had he reported to the others of what had happened? No, otherwise why was he allowed to come to this planet in the first place. 
 "Then you give me no choice." Clark said. 
 [A Vampire knight has been detected] 
 [Defeat the vampire Knight for an instant level up!] 
 This was the first battle he would be having with a vampire knight. Quinn still had yet to level up, so he knew he needed to use everything he could. The shadow started to wiggle about below his feet and then slowly started to rise up, hovering behind his back. 
 Seeing this strange power, for the first time there was a reaction on Clark's face. His eyes opened up as he couldn't believe there was still someone alive with this power. 
 The dark shadow, something that sent fear into the very hearts of every vampire and right now, a simple basic tier vampire wielded this power. 
 "The power of the punishers!" Clark said. "Who are you?" 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 425 Fight the Vampire knight! 
 After seeing the dark shadows rise and surround Quinn's body, a distant memory had surfaced in his mind. One that most vampires of the old wanted to forget. 
 At first, he thought that maybe he could convince the student not to put up a fight; after all, Siyrus had always been a trouble maker. If he was also was able to find out what family the boy in front of him belonged to, maybe they could aid him and with his support, they would be able to strike a deal that didn't mean death. 
 But now, after knowing that he could control the shadow, a lost and banned ability, he had no choice. He needed to bring him in. 
 "If it was up to me, I wouldn't be doing this." Said Clark. "But my duty as a Vampire Knight means I must bring you in." 
 In truth, Quinn didn't want to fight either, he never expected this to happen, but he couldn't afford to be caught. Knowing Clark's personality, he would be one to perform his duty over his own personal agenda. This seemed to be the case for many of the high ranking vampires, which reminded him about Silver as well, even when it came to a matter involving her own brother, she had picked the law above family. 
 The Raven continued to circle above; it looked as if it would be the first time Quinn would be facing a vampire that had a familiar. 
 Right now, he to tried summoning his Bone Claw. Focusing his mind, he tried to call out to it, but there was nothing. 
 'It came out before but now nothing, is it because I don't really want to hurt him?' 
 The delay had been long enough, and Clark charged in as fast as he could. It was too fast for Quinn to use his inspect skill. If he could, he would have had time to figure out perhaps the type of ability he had. 
 'Wind walk activate.' 
 Seeing Clark's speed before, Quinn also used his top speed. The two moved into the center at met in mere seconds. 
 At first, Clark was planning to use a regular attack, thinking his speed would be far superior. After all, he was a vampire knight going up against a vampire, but he never expected someone to be this fast. They had met far sooner than expected; his quick reactions caused him to throw out a Blood Swipe of his own. 
 The shadow immediately moved into place, blocking the attack, and out from behind, Quinn had jumped up over, performing two strong Blood Swipes. 
 "Blood wall." Just in the nick of time, a wall of blood was raised from the ground, and the two Blood Swipes had hit. 
 'The shadow will make this difficult, I don't understand its full potential or how it works.' Clark thought. 
 Little did he know, that was the least of his problems, as the Blood wall had a slight crack in the middle. Quinn's Blood Swipe had slightly caused the wall to shake, and it looked like another hit would cause it to break. 
 'This power… how is this possible.' Clark thought. 
 At first, Clark thought he would perhaps be able to take it easy. Or at least not be required to use his full strength. Even with him having the shadow, his powers shouldn't have been equal to his own. But right now, the speed, the strength, it was all stronger than average. 
 This was all because Quinn wasn't just using regular Blood Swipe but slightly infused with Qi. Holding back his maximum power with the Qi caused less of strain on his body parts that was still yet to handle it. 
 He still also wasn't able to use it to the point where he could enhance his body, but he had learned to control it with his attacks slightly, and it seemed to be doing him well. 
 Seeing this, Quinn threw out a few more Blood Swipes of his own, and as it hit the wall, it was immediately shattered. Two more swipes came his way, and Clark threw out his own matching them in power. 
 When the two attacks collided, both of the blood swipes had shattered on impact. 
 'It looks like we are equal in strength and speed. I can do this!' Quinn thought. He still had a considerable variety of shadow skills, as well as martial arts. 
 As soon as he thought of this, the atmosphere had changed entirely. Another blood swipe was thrown from Quinn, but as the attack was about to hit him, he suddenly disappeared and reappeared a few meters closer. 
 As the attacks came out again, he would reappear and appear repeatedly. 
 'The flash step.' It was a move that Quinn had learned from the tutorial but had never come across another vampire who had used it before. 
 It was a reminder that he was now fighting Vampires at a different level. Those that would be more skillfull than him and possibly have more abilities than himself. 
 If he wanted to win this fight, he needed to rely on something else. He needed to use his shadow abilities. 
 It seemed that Clark had decided to step it up another level, throwing out more blood swipes of his own, but then his hands were moving faster than ever. 
 "Blood swipe barrage!" Clark moving both his hands at an incredible speed, multiple small sickle-shaped blood lines that looked similar to the blood swipe came out from his hands. 
 Quinn used a flash step of his own, he avoided the attacks first, but then it quickly started to follow him. 
 "Unexpected that you know how to use that too, but it won't work on me." Clark said as he started to move his arms about slightly in different directions rapidly. 
 Now the Blood Swipes were coming to a large area, and soon as Quinn completed a flash step, he had moved from one place directly right informing of another attack. 
 It had successfully hit him right on the shoulder, feigning him back. 
 [75\\95 HP] 
 As soon as Quinn was able to recover, another one came and hit him again. 
 [70\\95 HP] 
 Having no choice, the slow shadow had finally moved into place, now covering his front and blocking the majority of attacks. The only problem was it was decreasing his MC points rapidly. 
 It looked like using the ordinary Blood Swipe skill and turning it into a barrage didn't affect a vampire knight as much as it did a regular vampire. 
 If Quinn were to try to match firepower with firepower, his HP would have quickly decreased. 
 In the small amount of time, he had to come up with a plan and fast. 
 However, he was unaware that something was circling above, which he had connelly forgotten about during the whole flight. 
 Seeing the back wide open, Clark's familiar, the Raven, came sweeping down at a fantastic speed. It's two claws at the bottom of its feet grew twice the size and were reinforced and hardened. 
 Not nothing what was coming behind, His back was vulnerable to an attack. 
 "You are still only a regular vampire after all you have a lot to learn." 
 The moment the Raven was ready to attack. A black mist appeared from Quinn's back, and a single large claw-like hand emerged from the mist. With its large dangling fingers, it had grabbed the Raven. As it brought its fingers together to a single point, it had connelly sliced through the Raven's body, and a puff of back mist appeared once again. It was signaling the death of the familiar. 
 Nothing this, when Quinn turned his head, he could see the arm of the Bone claw retreating into the black mist. 
 "Did it save me?" Quinn thought. It did indeed look like that was the case. Even if it weren't going to help him in the fight, it would still protect his life. 
 Finally, having enough thinking time, Quinn felt like he had no choice. 
 Placing out his palm open, he started to run forward, shooting out multiple blood sprays. The strength of his attack was a little less to the small blood swipes. 
 The center of his attack was able to shatter the bulk of them, but a few would get past and still hit him. 
 Bearing through the pain, he activated his blood bank skill, consuming HP, allowing his body to heal. 
 Against a strong opponent, it would be dangerous to let his HP get so low. Any strong attack could knock him out or even completely kill him before his blood bank can auto-activate itself. 
 Then when he was finally close enough. 
 [Shadow void] 
 The whole area around the two of them started to be surrounded by a dome type area. 
 Seeing the two of them in what looked like strange shadows, Clark was starting to worry. 
 His familiar was put off action, and their strength and skills seemed equal. 
 "I guess I need to use my ability as well. The ability of the Fourth Family." Clark said. 
 **** 
 if you you want notifications updates and see MVS artwork you can follow on Instagram:jksmanga 
 Support the creation of a webtoon at P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 426 Special blood 
 (Note: I might have made a mistake in previous chapters but not sure. Rokene is from the Fifth family and has the ability to talk to animals. Clark is from the fourth family. They are not from the same family.) 
 Rokene had walked a short distance away; he would frequently stop and turn to look back. He hated the fact that he had left the only person that understood him behind, but he had no choice, right? If he didn't, he would have been in big trouble, and possibly his own family would have abandoned him, even if he was a direct descendant. 
 There were still others in the family that were older and more powerful than him. They were ready to take the leader position at any time. He wasn't exactly the first in line. 
 "What are you doing? Why are you so scared? I can explain everything that happened. He's a nice teacher, he will understand, he has to understand." Rokene said as he started to run back to the direction he once came from. 
 After a short while, he had arrived in the same spot he was at before, only it looked different. There was a fairly large purple dome shape out on the field that would constantly shift moving as if it was alive. 
 'What is that?!' 
 At first, Rokene thought he had come to the wrong place, but after seeing the three students bodies still outside of the dome, he could tell that he was in the right place. 
 'They must be fighting in there; I wonder what that is?' 
 As the dome of shadows Surrounded Clark, he couldn't help but feel a little anxious looking at the moving shadows around him. He himself had never encountered a shadow user before, or the so-called punishers but knew about them. They were the vampires who previously upheld the vampire law. 
 Which meant they needed strength, an ability that went beyond that of the thirteenth families. Because he could see the student in front of him was only at the vampire stage, he had been taking things too easily. 
 First, he quickly threw a blood swipe attack of his own to the side, and when it hit the wall, it looked like the attack was wholly absorbed, and the dome had kept its shape. 
 Attacking the dome, depending on the power of the attack used would lower Quinn's MC cells but usually after seeing this, others would come to the conclusion that the dome was hard to break, and Clark had done the exact same thing. Now focusing on the enemy in front of him. 
 The dome was used to force a closer combat battle; for some reason, he noticed Clark was keeping the distance at the mid-range. This was bad for Quinn, who had his new advanced tier gauntlets. But there was also another reason for using the skill shadow void. During his training before coming to the vampire world, it had increased to level three. 
 At the third level, all Shadow skills that were used while in the dome would be reduced down to fifty percent. An additional effect was his MC cells would regenerate at a faster speed while still in the dome. Before when using Shadow void, his MC cells wouldn't regenerate because the skill was still active. 
 Shadow void didn't take any MC after it was cast, but because of the defect before, it was risky as it would use nearly half of his MC points. Now it was always advantageous to fight in the shadow void as much as possible, as long as someone didn't attack it from the outside or in. It was perfect for one on one fights like these. 
 [Shadow Cloak] 
 One second the student was in front of him the next he had disappeared. Clark could still sense Quinn, but he was moving all over the place, and it was hard to pinpoint an exact location, but it was useless. 
 Using his sharp finger, Clark quickly made two cuts on the palm of his hands then he swung both his arms out, causing the blood to fly out and break apart like rain drops. Seeing this, in Quinn's head, all he needed to do was a flash step ahead of the blood. Thinking that Clark had planned to use his own blood to try to locate where Quinn was. 
 After all, he was invisible, it didn't mean objects and such couldn't touch or hit him, but it turned out, this wasn't Clark's reasoning. 
 "Click!" Clark said and in an instant… All of the blood drops that were flying threw the air started to glow slightly orange, and a small explosion came out from them all at the same time. A firework of explosions had erupted inside the dome, and although each explosion wasn't too big, all of them at once was big enough to cover nearly the entire range of the dome. 
 Quinn was hit and was sent flying backwards falling on the floor. Multiple parts of skin from his face and arms were ripped, and he was in serious danger as the pain seared through his body. The shadow was being used to cloak him, so it was unable to block the unexpected attack. 
 [12/95 HP] 
 'Blood bank activate!' Quinn asked, having already consumed 100 millilitres in his last fight, this was the next batch of hundred that was not consumed yet, and it was his last. 
 [Blood bank is now empty] 
 [62/95 HP] 
 His wounds were healing at an incredible rate, and even Clark could see this. It was abnormal even for a vampire unless they were consuming human blood, but he could see no such things. The burns and wounds all across Quinn's body started to heal, and unfortunately, there were tears and rips once again in the nice suit Logan had managed to make for him. 
 'His ability, is it explosive blood?' Quinn thought, and his guess was correct. 
 The fifth family's ability was the ability to create explosive power from their blood. Depending on how strong there MC points were and how much blood was used, the stronger explosions could be made. 
 When seeing the strange dome, Clark wasn't completely worried, and that was because of his ability, in a close spaced like this, as long as he was careful not to hurt himself it was advantageous. His explosives were more likely to hit in a smaller closed area like this one. 
 Not wanting Quinn to recover completely. Instead of splattering his blood out, he now threw out larger clumps of blood. Using a strong force, he could keep a lot of the blood together, but still, it would split out slightly. 
 Then when it was in front of Quinn. 
 "Click." 
 The special word was used to ignite the blood, causing the explosion once more. This one was nearly twice the size of the others, and he was confident he had won the battle. However, the dome was still up, meaning the student was still alive. 
 As the dust from the explosion settled down, the shadow could be seen covering Quinn's front, and he was completely unharmed. Honestly, Quinn was unsure if it would work against something like an explosion. Since his shadow usually slowed down attacks. Still, it had worked, and now moving himself, and the shadow out, the power of the explosion set off again in a different place from where Quinn was. 
 This confused Clark slightly but he knew he couldn't think too much about it, as he needed to concentrate on the person running towards him. 
 [MC 30/100] 
 Although Quinn was successfully able to block the attack, the problem was it took a lot of his MC points doing so, even with the dome active. He wouldn't be able to block much more. 
 "Blood swipe." Throwing out two blood swipes with the red aura, and streams of real blood following after. Quinn knew this would be a big attack; if he blocked this one, he would no longer be able to use the shadow. 
 'I can only try one thing.' 
 Moving his arm, the shadow followed, and it was quickly placed on the ground in front of him. 
 [Shadow Hop] 
 Moving and stepping into the shadow in front of him, His body sunk in and had disappeared entirely. Allowing the attacks to go straight past hitting nothing. 
 This wasn't like the shadow cloak where Clark could still sense him; he had no clue where Quinn was. It was as if he had vanished entirely. Looking at the spot where he had last seen him, he could see nothing. 
 Then suddenly, out from behind, at the edge of the shadow void, Quinn had appeared. 
 [Wind walk activated] 
 [Flash step] 
 [Flash step] 
 [Flash step] 
 Using everything he had, not caring about conserving his stamina he had reached behind Clark's back in an instant. He quickly grabbed the top of his head and activated his gauntlets skill. The energy started to surge through Clark's body and caused an electric shock. Unsure whether it had any effect or not, as soon as both of his hands let go from the top of his head, he stomped the ground hard and threw out a fist performing a regular hammer strike hitting him right in the stomach. 
 [Flash step] 
 Using another flash step, he closed the distance not letting the force of the hammer strike fling Clark's body too far away, and lifting his leg up he swung it down pounding Clark to the ground. As Quinn raised his fist to hit Clark on the floor one more time, he felt his legs completely give in. They felt like jelly, and he had collapsed on the ground. 
 [Stamina has been depleted] 
 Quinn had kept an eye on his stamina during the fight, but it looked like using all of the skills consecutively without a break, or a breath in between had caused it to deplete faster than usual. But it was something he felt like he needed to do. He didn't know how effective the gauntlets would be against a vampire knight and it was a risk, at the same time Quinn didn't want to use any slashing attacks that would cause a new flesh wound, afraid that he would use it to cause an explosion. 
 Lying on the floor, the shadow Void around them started to disappear. It looked like even if he did still have MC points left, if his stamina was used up, he wouldn't have the strength to keep it active. Tilting his head to the side, he could see Clark's body unmoving. 
 Still, the unmoving body wasn't what made Quinn realize that the fight was over; it was the system message that appeared in front of his face. 
 [Congratulations, you have defeated a vampire knight] 
 [Instant level-up reward received!] 
 *Ding! 
 [You are now level 20] 
 [Evolution process will now begin . . .] 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 427 A new visitor 
 On the surface of the Dark planet, where no light continued to shine. There were the remnants of an abandoned shelter. It stood out for most of the planet looked to be an abandoned wasteland, with a few mountain areas here or there. 
 Inside the Shelter, buildings all around were crumbled or destroyed. There were even fallen Mech's in place that seemed to no longer work, it looked as if they had been destroyed in the middle of a battle. The only thing left standing was a large training dome made of glathrium that seemed to be untouched. 
 Somewhere inside the shelter, through the rows of destroyed buildings, down one of the streets, a little spark was ignited and soon after a red portal had opened up. One after another, five people fell through and landed safely on the ground. They all looked fairly older a little above a middle aged man, at the same time each one of them had this certain look and feel to them. The strange thing was, even though they had come to a red portal planet, none of them were wearing their beast gear and were only wearing their black and slight blue military clothing. 
 When the five of them had landed, the sound of scurrying and objects falling to the floor echoing through the place was heard. It didn't just happen once but several times until eventually, it looked like whatever was in the area had already ran off. 
 "Those damn rats." One of the men said. "It looks like they infested this place just like every other abandoned shelter." 
 "Well, they are gone now." Oscar said. "Remember why we are here we need to find out what happened, or if there is any clue at all to the shadow ability and possibly more." 
 The five people who had come through the portal onto the planet were some of the strongest people in the military. Oscar Revees, the supreme commander of the military along with his most trusted five head generals. After seeing a new ability in the tournament that seemed quite mysterious and powerful, Oscar decided to look a little into it. 
 After asking Paul the head general of military base one, he had explained that what the boy with the shadow ability had said was true. There was no way for them to confirm if he actually got the ability from the red portal planet, but after doing a little bit of research, this place started to interest Oscar greatly. 
 He found that the reports themselves about what exactly happened on this planet were a little lacking. Apparently, the planet at first was considered a green portal planet. It had a cycle where every six months it would go to complete darkness. This was when the apparent beasts had made their attacks and had taken over the shelter. 
 The strange thing was, not a single person was left alive. When they came back to investigate, there were no such beasts here, but everything had been destroyed. The investigation led to nothing, but knowing that the whole shelter had been taken out it was declared a red portal planet. 
 Everything seemed a little strange to Oscar, and so little detailed information was reported as if someone was trying to cover something up. Of course, Oscar wasn't oblivious to the fact that even in the military there was the chance of high-ranking officials not being on his side. 
 This was why he had brought his four most trusted people with him. There were even the Head generals Oscar didn't feel comfortable with. If this was a coverup, it had to be done by someone in a high position. 
 The five of them continued their search and each time they moved to a certain area, all the beasts in that area would also move to somewhere else. They were afraid; it was because of this that it was almost impossible for them to move silently. 
 Walking down the street Paul, the leader of military base 2 and Oscar was checking out area to area finding nothing. The hope was to find at least something to tell them the story of what happened to the place. Their journey eventually led them to a hanger like place. As they entered, there were piles of scrap everywhere, but what caught their eye was at the back of the room there was a large container. 
 They both knew what it was, since it was a storage room that was made from galthrium. 
 "The door looks like it was scratched up by something?" Paul said, as he ran his fingers down the door at the faint marks that had been made. 
 "Yes, scratched, but unsuccessful at opening the door." Oscar replied. "The problem is, the door was eventually opened. The locking mechanism still seems fine on it, which would suggest that someone had access to the code." 
 Entering the storage unit, it looked as if the whole place had already been ransacked through. As if a thief had come along and taken what he had liked. All that was left were some pretty invaluable skill and ability books. 
 Stepping into the centre of the room, Oscar started to close his eyes. He looked around at everything, the trash piles that had been scattered on the floor, the dent's on the side of the hanger, and the pieces of dry blood in random places. In his mind, he could see chalk outlines of people and a creature he had pictured in his head moving about in the storage place. As if a movie was playing in his mind. 
 "Attacked by a beast, then he probably hid himself in the storage unit. The beast tried to get in. The destroyed eggshells on the floor, it doesn't seem to be too old.. Is all of this recent? If so, was it the sergeants that were sent here… No, it wasn't in their report. So maybe the kid?" As Oscar continued to picture everything in his head, he mumbled his words along, and Paul just stayed back and allowed him to do his own thing. 
 Oscar, one of the heroes of the great war. Even without an able and before he required the Demon level weapon. There was a reason why he was able to do great things, and his great mind was just part of what made him who he was. 
 The five of them decided to meet back up outside the dome, as each of them reported their findings. It looked as if computer systems were altered, as there was no information on what was kept in storage or any events that happened during the time of the shelter. The shelter was active for four months before being destroyed, so it was quite bizarre that there were no reports of anything. 
 The others also reported what they found in the training centre and after taking a look in Oscar's mind things started to match up and made sense, but at the same time, nothing was making sense. 
 "Were there any reports of what type of beasts there are on this planet?" Oscar asked. 
 "From what little information remains, when the new research team had come to the planet to explore what happened, they only came across three different types. The basic tier rats, an intermediate tier scorpion beast, and finally the large death bats that seem to travel in groups." 
 After thinking about it for a while, Oscar had finally made a decision. 
 "I'm pretty busy myself and will need to head back soon. Paul, if possible I would like you to take as many men as you like and try to explore the rest of the planet in your spare time. I want to find if there is anything else on here, or if there is anything that could have possibly wiped out the shelter." 
 "If there are only advanced tier beasts, it would be impossible for them to take down a shelter, so it would be wise for you to take some of your strongest men." 
 "Yes, sir." Paul said. 
 A portable portal was placed on the ground, and each of them stepped through it returning, but very soon they would be coming back to explore the mysterious planet. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 428 The sturggle in the next evolution 
 Just like the times before, the evolution process had begun, and a shooting pain was felt throughout Quinn's body. At the moment, he couldn't move as it was due to his stamina issues and now it was even worse, as a strong sensation spread through his body. All of his muscles were cramped and felt tensed up. His body felt so tight it was as if his very own muscles were trying to strangle his own body. 
 'Damn, this is bad!' Quinn thought. If a beast was to come now, there would be no chance he could fight back. He would be killed in the middle of the evolving process. 
 His body continued to spasm, and Quinn tried to focus his mind to concentrate. Perhaps he could use the mediating method he did for his Qi. However, he soon found out that it was almost impossible for him to focus with the amount of pain he was going through. 
 Compared to all the previous evolutions, this one was three times worse than the last one, and for some reason it didn't seem like it was getting better anytime soon. As time passed from second to second, it was as if the pain was getting worse. Seconds felt like minutes and minutes felt like hours. 
 "Quinn, you need blood now!" The system shouted in a worried voice. "The fight took too much from you, and maybe you could have used your blond bank, but it's completely empty. If you don't consume blood to help with the evolution process. There is a good chance your body could resort to self cannibalism. Slowly eating every part of you away, until you shrivel up to ashes." 
 'But… I… Can't… Even… move… How am I meant to get blood!?' Quinn thought desperately, as he slowly managed to dig one hand into the ground and pulled himself, dragging his body across the floor. Moving at a snail's pace, he felt like it was hopeless. He slightly turned his head and could see Clark on the ground a few meters away on the floor as well. 
 He wasn't moving, but was pretty sure he was still alive. Using the inspect skill, he had confirmed he was only unconscious. There was a good chance that Clark had a stash, or a base of some sorts where he could get blood, or at least a teleporter to head back to the vampire world. 
 He tried his best to shout out to Clark, but it seemed like now the muscle spasms had gotten to around his neck and throat. His diaphragm also wasn't working well, making it harder for him to breathe or say anything. 
 "Buinn!" A voice shouted out. "Sorry, I mean, Quinn, are you okay?" 
 Looking up, Quinn could see Rokene's small body standing above him while his Rabbit stayed on top of his head. He tried once again to desperately say that he needed blood and he needed it soon, but the words just wouldn't come out. 
 Rokene started to look around and he soon could see instructor Clark on the floor. He didn't quite know what happened, but rushed over once he saw the strange shadow dome start to disappear. Still, he wasn't a fool. Instructor Clark had obviously come for one reason, because of the dead students. 
 But he couldn't believe what he was seeing, if Clark really did come to try to bring Quinn in for his wrongdoings. Did the two of them have a fight? If so, somehow Quinn was able to beat him, but this was the strange result. 
 Suddenly, a few coughs from behind were heard followed by the sound of a few spits to the ground. Turning his head back, still difficult for Quinn, he was surprised to see that Clark had regained consciousness, but he was in no state to be freely moving about, which was a small sigh of relief for Rokene. 
 For a moment, he thought he might have to do combat with the instructor if he wanted to protect Quinn. 
 Turning his head to the side, Clark could see the distress Quinn was in, as he was clawing at the ground, and his abs and body tensing up. 
 'He wasn't that injured, what's happening to him?' Clark thought. 'Could it be, is he going through an evolution now, right after our fight.' 
 He slowly tried to lift his hand, but it was useless. Although he wouldn't die from such wounds, it would take him a long time to heal without any blood and with no other vampires around, if a death bat was to come to their location he would be dead. 
 "Teacher, please, I don't know what happened but tell me how can I help him." Rokene asked with a desperate plea, knowing that it was quite possible that the person responsible for everything was the very person he was trying to save. "I promise, if you tell me what to do, I'll come help you as well." 
 Clark continued to look at Quinn, struggling. It was clear by the yells and his now torn fingernails and tips that the pain was getting worse. Usually, some vampires could push through without the need for blood, but due to the fight the two of them had, it was clear he would not make it through this. 
 "Head north east for five hundred meters, or so, you should come across a strange hill. Inside there is a cave. There is then a door made of glathrium, the pass code is 128362. Inside there are packs of blood that are kept on this planet just in case of any emergencies that were to happen. Bring the blood back to him as fast as possible. The quicker you are, the more chance he will have to live." Clark explained. 
 Leaving the rabbit behind for protection of the two, Rokene sprinted off in the direction that he was told, looking for the said items. While doing so he would repeat the numbers in his head over and over again. The good news was the base didn't seem to be too far away, so if there was any need for desperate attention, Rokene could come back quickly. 
 Continually looking at Quinn by his side, Clark was wondering if it was the right thing to do, helping the boy that had practically beaten him. But the truth was, Clark had a special link with his familiar. At the start of the assessment, he had sent it out to look over Quinn. With his link, he was able to see and hear everything that happened. 
 He knew it wasn't Quinns fault, and if he was to judge correctly, it looked like the strange Boneclaw had acted out of its own actions, yet in their fight for some reason it hadn't. On top of this, there would have been a slight gap between an evolution and the end of their fight, a chance for him to have been killed. 
 'The punishers, are you really a part of them, and have they returned?' Clark thought. If so, then this is even bigger news than the tenth family getting a suspected leader. 
 It only took a few moments but, Rokene was able to return with two blood packs that held in his hand. He had brought one for Quinn, and one for Clark. One of the blood packs was placed down near the black rabbit away from Clark. 
 While Rokene Quickly went over to Quinn's side. He pierced the bag with his fingertip, and blood started to spill everywhere, but he didn't care about this for now. Rapidly pouring the blood back over Quinn's body, he managed to get most of it in his mouth, but not without causing a mess over his body. 
 "Please work!" Rokene started to pray to himself, as all of the blood was now gone from the single blood pack. 
 Quite quickly, results could be seen as the strain on Quinn's body and face started to lessen. The tight grip on his fists started to relax, and the groans started to stop. Finally, Quinn felt like he was regaining control of his body and shortly after everything had come to a stop. 
 [Evolution process was successful.] 
 [Congratulations you are now a vampire noble] 
 [You have received a new quest] 
 [Become a Vampire leader….] 
 …. 
 ***** 
 For artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 429 The new ques 
 The long awaited evolution was finally completed and for a brief second, Quinn didn't even feel like he was in his own body. Everything felt foreign to him, yet at the same time familiar. It was hard to describe as he started to squeeze his fingers into the palm of his hand in and out slowly. 
 It didn't take long for the foreign feeling to go away, and soon the body started to feel like his own again. 
 "Did you get taller?" Rokene thought, as he looked and could sense the student in front of him felt different from when he had last seen him. It was as if he was staring at a completely different person from before. The presence Rokene was sensing now was worthy of the power that matched him. The unique smell confirmed it straight away. Quinn wasn't injured or dying, he was in the middle of an evolution and right now he was looking at a vampire noble. 
 A stage that Rokene had been aiming for and trying to reach since he was born. For some reason imagining it, and seeing someone reach the stage in front of him was a completely different feeling. 
 More than anything, though, Quinn was surprised by the set of notifications that seemed to appear as soon as he had evolved. The first thing that appeared was a new quest, and the ones after seemed to all link to that. 
 [New quest received: Become a vampire leader!] 
 The system had informed him that when he had turned Peter; he had officially created his own family, becoming a vampire leader, but it seemed by the string of quest he had received there was a lot more to it than that. 
 When selecting the quest to become a vampire leader, there was a set of sub quests that looked as if they needed to be completed before he could achieve the first quest that had been given. 
 [Evolve into a Vampire lord: Reach level 40] 
 This was a big jump in levels compared to previous evolutions, it was double, but it made sense. If Quinn was remembering correctly, the system had stated that the vampire knight class, in reality, was just a strong Vampire noble. A vampire leader would select two from their vampire family for these roles. What's stranger though was just becoming a vampire Lord, didn't necessarily make Quinn a true vampire leader. The next set of quests confirmed that. 
 [Add ten members into the cursed family. Currently 3/10] 
 [Blood ritual has now been increased, Max 10] 
 [Select two family members to give them the status of Vampire knight. Vampires must be present and strong enough to receive this role. Additional benefits will be given to those that become a vampire knight.] 
 Quinn didn't really like the idea of turning his allies into vampires just to meet the quest requirements. Besides, he wasn't even sure if he wanted to become a vampire leader in the first place. The system didn't exactly make it clear what would happen once the quest was complete. As for evolving into the vampire lord, that he would still strive to achieve as soon as possible. A jump in evolution always made him require a new found strength so far. 
 After checking out the quest, the next step was to check his stats. When doing so it seemed like they had all remained the same, but he was pretty sure when feeling the energy around his body that if he was to consume more blood, then it would increase his stats beyond forty. It always felt that perhaps his body was ready to burst when using his powers, but right now he didn't have that same feeling. 
 Although he didn't get any stats, he did get a couple of new blood skills. 
 [Blood wall: A barrier is raised in front of the user, using the user's own blood. The wall's strength is dependent on how much blood is being used.] 
 This was a skill Quinn had seen many vampires perform, and it seemed to have saved them from some devastating attacks. The problem was for Quinn it seemed a bit useless. He always had his shadow as a form of defence, and he liked to use his Blood as a form of attack. It would give him more options, but to him it didn't make sense to use the blood wall. 
 What this did do though was give him an idea, perhaps just like how he had combined the earth form of martial arts with the blood swipe to create the crescent kick. And how he had grabbed the blood swipe with his shadow. Maybe there was a way he could infuse the blood wall with his shadow to make an even stronger one. 
 [Blood bullet: One fifth of the user's health will be used to create a powerful shot of blood from a finger. The finger will no longer be able to be used until the blood has been replenished.] 
 The blood bullet seemed to have a hefty penalty, but usually the bigger the penalty the bigger the pay off was as well. Although he wanted to try both of the skills out, now was not the time when he needed every bit of health he could get. 
 With all these new skills it looked like he would soon increase greatly, and the shadow hop had also helped him out greatly in the fight. It was the shadow skill he had been practising before he had entered the vampire world. The ability would allow Quinn to travel from one of his shadows to another. 
 At first he thought it was quite useless, as he mainly needed the shadow for defence. He could split the shadow using his shadow control, but then there wouldn't be enough of a surface area for him to really protect himself from attacks. But then when he found out he could use it with shadow void. Everything started to change. 
 The shadow Void itself counted as part of his shadow, meaning he could hop in his own shadow and any part of the void and appear in a completely different location. It was because of this that 
 Looking at Clark who was still lying there on the floor, Th black Rabbit stayed out of reach with the blood pack against its chest out of reach. 
 "Thank you." Quinn said. Not only had Clark helped him with familiars, but he seemed to have been a good teacher, if possible Quinn would have wanted to avoid a confrontation. 
 "And thank you as well." Quinn said looking down at Rokene, who still seemed to be star struck by Quinn ever since he could feel his new presence. "Did you see anything in the base that could get us back to the vampire world? perhaps the square teleporters?" 
 "Yes!" Rokene answered. "Actually, there were quite a few teleporters and blood packs still left inside." 
 Even though Quinn had told Rokene to go, for some reason he had come back to help him. Quinn couldn't help but think about how great of a kid he was. Without him, he possibly would have been dead. Seeing that he did come back just showed what his true nature was like. Even if he seemed to get angry at everything, he had a heart of gold. 
 Walking up to Clark, Quinn quickly looked at the bunny and then him. 
 "Rokene, had nothing to do with any of this, he just wanted to save my life." Quinn explained. "I'm sure you're reasonable enough to know I'm not just saying that. Once I leave this place, I will ask Rokene to allow his familiar to give you the blood pack." 
 He then turned his head to the three dead students over in the different area. "I'm not a cold hearted killer, I didn't want for any of this to happen." 
 With those last words, Quinn started to walk off while Rokene led the way. The rabbit was left behind waiting for instructions from its master, but before they could leave Clark shouted out. "Wait!" 
 "Please… tell me, why have you returned now, of all times." Clark asked. When asking this he was referring to the punishers and not Quinn specifically. 
 Because Quinn didn't understand this, he had interrupted the question differently. 
 "I don't know what you are talking about." Quinn replied. "The only reason why I'm here is to save someone who shouldn't be dying in the first place." 
 Over on part of the same planet. Paul, leader of the second military base, no longer wearing his fancy suit he would usually wear. Instead, he was kitted out in his beast armour, and behind him, an army of a hundred men that seemed to have done the same. 
 "Alright, everyone. Let's move out and explore every inch of this planet!" Paul shouted. 
 **** 
 Artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 430 Call them all! 
 Both Quinn and Rokene started to head to the cave with Rokene leading the front. The new feeling Rokene got now when looking at Quinn all of a sudden felt different compared to before. Due to this, it led to an awkward and quiet walk together. Completely different from their last meeting. 
 Somehow, Quinn was able to defeat a vampire knight even though he was only a basic vampire, and now he had evolved he had the potential to get even stronger. But what bothered Rokene, even more, was Quinn's reason for being here. He had heard the words that were spoken to Clark at the time. The fact that he was here to save somebody. 
 Although the silence might have been awkward for Rokene, this was fine for Quinn. His mind was full of thoughts about what to do next. He had finally evolved, and he had the potential to get stronger, but the evolution didn't give him new found strength. Right now, the only real difference he could feel was that his body was more robust. 
 This meant he would have less of a drawback when using Qi attacks, making his blood attacks now even stronger, but he also didn't have the fine control of Qi over his body yet to control the output. Essentially, Quinn currently viewed his power as a tap that only could be turned on and off. 
 He would release his Qi at full power, or he could have it fairly weak, but there was no in-between. 
 'Maybe when I see Leo at some point, he can help me out.' Quinn thought. 
 With no way of controlling his Qi for now, there were other options of getting stronger. The two of them had finally reached the cave and Rokene imputed the code. The door was quite hidden, it looked as if the cave was sealed off by a normal door, and the only thing that gave it away was the input code machine that was stuck on it. 
 Most likely, the disguise was there just for the beasts on the planet. Once entering they both walked into a fairly large lit up open empty room. For a second, Quinn had hesitated. 
 He didn't know why, but the atmosphere and everything was reminding him a little of the original room they had entered when first coming here. But once Rokene walked in unharmed and nothing happened, Quinn felt a little safer. 
 They then came across a crate that looked as if it had already been opened. Looking inside, several blood packs could be seen. There had to be around thirty or so different blood packs. 
 "I think they kept this in case any of the students got seriously injured." Rokene said. "That's where I got yours and Clark's form earlier.' 
 While in the specially made blood pack to store blood, at most it would last for around one week. It was being stored in a cool place, but it was completely different than at the hospital. 
 Quinn looked at them for a second, before picking one of them up, and piercing it slightly with his finger. He then started to consume the first one on the spot. 
 "Are you still hungry?" Rokene asked. It wasn't unusual, after all, Quinn had just gone through a draining process, so it made sense if he needed more blood. 
 The first blood pack was consumed instantly, and the reason for this was mainly so Quinn could restore his blood bank back to normal. As for the second reason, the results were actually not what he had expected. 
 [A + blood type consumed] 
 The system had given him a message saying that an A blood type had been consumed, but nothing else. There was no stat increase at all, nothing. When Quinn had maxed out his points before, when consuming a new blood type he wouldn't even receive this message. Which was why he was slightly confused. 
 Instead, he decided to go for another pack. Using his inspect skill, he selected another pack that was in the A category as well. Opening it up just like last time, Rokene couldn't help but look at him confused. This amount of blood was abnormal. 
 'Is it usual for a vampire to be this hungry after evolving?' But Rokene himself was unsure. 
 However, the strangest reaction was the fact that Quinn had only consumed a little drop of blood, no more, no less, and a smile had appeared across his face. 
 The same message appeared as last time, only this time he had also received an extra start point. It looked as if the requirements for getting more strength from new blood had just gotten stronger but hadn't completely gone away. Knowing this, Quinn then decided to proceed by opening up all the blood packs and consuming them one by one. After everything was done he had twelve or so extra added stat points that were spread across his stats. 
 Quinn was no longer afraid of being addicted to the blood. Ever since his Qi had been mixed in, it was a lot easier to control his hunger, and it seemed like the same effect that happened before wouldn't happen again. Even if he could still get an addiction to blood, he would have drunken it all, anyway. Right now, he needed to get stronger. 
 Looking next to the crate, there were five teleporters. Placing one of them on the floor, Quinn proceeded to open it. They didn't have any passcode on them, and it immediately opened up another portal. 
 "You think it goes to the vampire world?" Quinn asked. 
 "I'm pretty sure it does. Especially since there was no type of input code for a destination." Rokene replied. "My guess is these are emergency ones in case anything happens to us." 
 Closing the teleporter, Quinn then quickly picked it up. He then dropped it, allowing it to fall through the ground. For a second Rokene went into a panic. 
 'Is he planning to destroy them all, does he not want anyone to come back?' Rokene thought. 
 But before the teleporter had touched the ground, the shadow had opened up, and it had sunken into Quinn's dimensional space. It turned out that Rokene still had a lot to learn about his new companion. 
 "Thank you for all the help, but it's best if we depart ways for now." Quinn said. "I don't think Clark will punish you for what you have done. He doesn't seem to be that type of teacher. You can feed him the blood pack if you want and if you bump into him. Just tell him I have already left and gone back to the vampire world." 
 "Wait… You're not going to the vampire world?" Rokene asked. 
 "Not yet." Quinn replied, and the next second his whole body became a black blur as he ran full speed and headed off into the wasteland. Not knowing what to do and not wanting Clark to die. Rokene ordered his black rabbit to deliver the blood to his teacher. 
 "I hope we meet again one day, Quinn." Rokene said, staring at the direction he had run off to. 
 While roaming the wasteland, Quinn had a chance to try on his new body for the first time. Although his stats hadn't improved, he felt more in sync, more refreshed than ever before, and it didn't take him long to find what he was looking for. 
 Out in the middle of nowhere, just like last time. One of the death bats was curled up in a ball. Keeping his distance, Quinn prepared his shadow and threw out a blood swipe. He got the swipe with his shadow creating his Blood scythe. Then using all his strength he swung it as hard as he could on the certain mound Ssicing the Death bat's wing. 
 [Flash step] 
 [Flash step] 
 Using two flash steps, he closed the distance. Throwing out a normal hammer strike towards the centre of its body, he had caused quite a bit of damage. He made sure not to use the blood hammer, because he didn't want to kill the death bat. 
 Finally, when the death bat was weakened. Quinn grabbed it around its throat tightly. At first the bat was unable to make any noise, but as he loosened his grip. A loud screeching sound that Quinn was unable to hear was made. 
 It didn't take long, but the sound of multiple wings flapping was heard, and when looking down on the ground, the moonlight shine revealed the shadow of multiple creatures flapping their wings. Looking up, and around 12 death bats could be seen. 
 "Perfect, let's get this all over and done with." Quinn said. 
 [Shadow void.] 
 A large Dome of shadow was cast, trapping all the death bats and Quinn together. 
 **** 
 For artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 431 A discovery? 
 It had been a strange week for Rokene, meeting Quinn. Everything felt so unreal and strange, and now he felt kind of lost himself. He was conflicted with what to do next. Suddenly all the problems he had in his life felt so small. The people who used to harass him were dead in mere seconds. 
 Whatever dreams they had were now completely gone, and those people were the same age as himself. But honestly, most vampires didn't have grand dreams, they just continued living serving for their family with the hopes to rise to the top, but what else was there. Is this all the vampires were allowed to do? 
 Why did they need to stay in secret, why hide themselves from the world, it didn't make any sense? Wanting to break away from this normal routine, he had decided to save enough crystals to one day leave this place. Right now his whole body was shaking because he had come to the realisation that he too was stuck in the same routine. 
 He had gathered enough crystals to leave this place long ago, but something was always holding him back, and seeing Quinn made him realize that. Before he knew it, he had walked over to where Clark was. 
 Clark was moving a lot more than before, he was able to lift the upper half of his body, but his legs and body were still too sore and damaged for him to move further, but for some reason, he hadn't tried to take the blood pack from the Black rabbit. 
 'Is it because he's too weak, maybe he's worried the rabbit would be able to do him harm.' Rokene thought. 
 Taking the blood pack from the rabbit. Rokene did what he thought was the only right thing to do and gave it to instructor Clark. After consuming the blood, it didn't take him long until he was able to freely move about once again. 
 Rokene also believed that Clark wouldn't do anything to him and at the same time, it was Rokene's favourite teacher. He had done more for him during the week and treated him as an equal than his own personal tutors his family would hire him. 
 Getting up from the floor, Clark looked around at the scene and the students off to the side. He had a conflicted look on his face, which made it hard to tell what he was thinking. 
 "Is he gone?" Clark asked. 
 "Yes, he has returned back," Rokene replied back. Although this wasn't necessarily the truth, Rokene felt like this was the best thing to say. "So, what are you going to do now?" 
 Pulling out a circular disk-like device from his back pocket. He pressed on it once and a ring started to light up. It went around constantly in a circle. 
 "This is the Vampire knight Clark Talon from the fifth family. This is an emergency report to all students. You are to return to the meeting point immediately. Once you are in the area, follow the raven and return to me. I repeat this is an emergency. The test has been cancelled and all students are to return." 
 After finishing his message, he placed the circle back in his back pocket, and the purple - black raven was summoned once again, immediately flying up into the sky. 
 "I have no choice." Clark started to explain. "I need to report this matter to the council. Once all the students have returned, I will inform them of what is happening." 
 "The council!" Rokene said in shock. "Do you really have to go that far, can't you just report this to the fifth leader and they can send someone to try to find and deal with him." 
 Although the direct descendants had been killed, it still felt a little extreme to get the whole council involved instead of a single vampire leader for such a matter. Maybe even just informing the families whose descendants had been killed. 
 "It seems you don't know the seriousness of this matter, it's not just because of the death of the descendants. That boy was able to defeat me a vampire knight, and although I am not really known for my strength among the vampire knights, I am still stronger than any of the vampire nobles." Clark replied. 
 "Although his strength is nowhere near that of a vampire leader and they would have no problem taking care of him. The problem is his powers and his origins. The council must be informed that it is possible that some punishers from the fourteenth castle are alive and have returned." 
 The dome of shadow had remained up for a while now, but if one was to stand outside of the dome they would be unable to hear much. The dome also acted as a soundproof space. On the outside, nothing could be heard. Then finally, from the top, the dome started to disappear. As it went away a single person could be seen on their hands and knees gasping for air. 
 The mask still remained on Quinn's face, and several wounds covered his body. As his blood bank had been activated the wounds started to heal away as parts of his skin could be seen being patched up here and there. 
 "That was a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. Let's not try to do that again." Quinn said. If it wasn't for the dome keeping them in place, and his shadow hands holding them. The fight would quite possibly have been ten times harder. 
 But while in the dome, he was able to take advantage of his blood spray, Shadow hop as well as his new gauntlets. All of these things allowed him to take on eleven death bats at once. Defeating ten advance beasts all on his own. This was something he would have never dreamed of doing. For a moment he felt like he didn't even know who he was anymore. 
 [Level 23] 
 [Exp 400/800] 
 Defeating the bats had increased his level by three, but just like the times before now, defeating an advanced tier beast gave him little exp compared to before. He had only managed to get a 100 exp per killed bat. Based on the bats' difficulty, and their ability to call their allies, Quinn felt like it wasn't worth it. 
 This time he was able to defeat eleven on his own, but what would've happened if more had come, or if there was someone on the outside of the dome waiting for him. There needed to be a fine line between the risk Quinn was taking after all he couldn't save the others if he was dead. 
 [Stats] 
 These were Quinn's current stats, without taking the equipment into the equation. 
 [Strength:48] 
 [Agility:43] 
 [Stamina:41] 
 [Charm:43] 
 Thinking about everything, he started to worry a little about Layla and the others and was wondering how they were doing. Before while in the vampire world, Quinn could still feel Layla's presence. Which eased his worry a little, but it was clear to him the moment he stepped foot on this new planet, the connection was gone. 
 Before doing anything, Quinn extracted the death bat's advanced tier crystals. Now that he had received over ten, he looked at the items in the shop once more. He could finally unlock the ring from the shop. He was in a bit of a debate with himself, wondering whether or not he should sell the advanced tier crystals, but in the end, he decided not to. 
 He membered with the first one he had found, there wasn't much use, or even anything the crystal could be used to turn into, other than the ring. Also, selling such things on the market would only bring attention to himself. So, in the end, he decided to use ten of the crystals to purchase the ring from the shop and placed it on his hand. 
 "This will have to do for now," Quinn said as he opened up his dimensional space and pulled out the square teleporter. After placing it on the ground and activating it, he stepped through, returning back to the vampire world. 
 Some time had passed on the planet, but it was hard for someone to tell how long, because of the night sky always consistently staying out. 
 While walking out on his own, a single man kitted out in beast gear that was dyed in black and dark blue was scouting at the area. Seeing a strange mound in front of him, he pulled out his weapon from his side, which was a single sword, and gripped it tightly, waiting for it to move. 
 As he inched closer and closer, it seemed like nothing was happening, and finally, when he had gotten close enough he realised what he had stumbled upon was unmoving… It was dead. 
 "I think I found something!" A man shouted out. 
 While waiting for his colleagues to come over to his position, he started to explore a little for himself, and that's when he saw there wasn't just one dead creature on the floor, but there were several. To be exact, in total he had counted eleven dead giant bats on the ground. Some of them were hard to recognize, as parts of their chest had been torn open, and their wings fell detached from the original body. 
 "What could have done all this, was it another beast? Is this what attacked the shelter?" The man thought. 
 Quickly, in the wasteland, a group of around twenty or so soldiers, both male and female came rushing over to the man's position and they did come across the gruesome scene. While travelling together, they had also come across a single death bat and knew how hard it was to deal with them. 
 So they feared the worst when thinking about what could have possibly killed so many. 
 "Hey, what do you think this is?" A female asked, standing next to something in the centre of all the bats. 
 She picked up the strange square-like object from the ground, which was unexpectedly heavy then she thought. The sudden weight came as a surprise and she allowed the square object to slip from her hand, dropping it and allowing it to hit across the floor. 
 The object started to lighten up, and the contraption started to open. A few seconds later and a strange square looking portal had opened. 
 "It's a portal!" The soldier said. 
 "On this planet, are there others here?" Another asked. 
 "Even if there are others who have come to this planet… that device. I have never seen anything like it before. Let's report this to Head general Paul immediately. We will let him decide what to do next." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 432 The punihsers return! 
 "What the heck is going on around here, lately!" A tall slender woman said as she planted her foot onto the floor one after another. Each time the clacking of her black high heels could be heard hitting the floor. 
 Down in the middle of a grand hallway, the woman with long black hair that went past her waist continued to complain and by her side she was being accompanied by another. A man who had a scar that went across the top of his forehead and also had on his back what looked like a flat rounded shield. 
 "This is the third council meeting that has been called within such a short amount of time." The scared man said. "Do they really need to call us all in again? I just hope it's not about the thirteenth family." 
 Two guards stood outside the grand door that led into the council room once more, and with a sigh the two of them were greeted as they entered. "Fourth leader Sunny, and Fifth leader Gin, the others are waiting for you inside." 
 As they pushed the doors open, the usual chairs were in place, and everyone seemed to have already arrived. But what had surprised Jin more than anything else was the fact that his personal vampire knight Clark, was present in the room. To his knowledge, he should have been looking after and teaching the direct descendents this year. 
 However, the attention quickly was left from Clark as the focus moved to the one beside him. The first leader, Bryce. He was currently gripping his cane in his hand tightly, as if he was fidgeting, and even though he was suppressing his usual energy, the murderous intent behind his eyes could still be felt by the others. 
 At first, both Sunny and Jin were going to complain, but seeing how the first reacted they decided to shut up and sit in their seats. Little did they know that the rest had felt the same way until they too had come into the room. 
 *Clack *Clack *Clack 
 As usual, the first leader was indicating that the meeting was about to begin. 
 "First, no interruptions," Clark said without explaining why or the need to go further. "Three direct descendents have been killed. Siryus came from the 1st family. Kip Cha from the second family, and Chip Dawn from the seventh family." 
 The others turned the head to start a discussion, but before a single word could be spoken, the cane was slammed in an instant to the ground once more, silencing them before it had even started. 
 "This is not why everyone was called here today!" Bryce shouted. "Clark, can you please recall what happened after you discovered the dead students." 
 For a second, everyone thought that the serious matter was the fact that the students had died, but learning that there was something else. All of the leaders were listening in carefully. The leader of the fifth family, Jin was especially listening in, because he knew that if the matter bypassed his ears and went straight to the council, it had to be something big. 
 "I found the person responsible, and tried my best to take them in, unfortunately I was defeated in battle." Clark explained. "I would like to apologize for not being able to complete my task. Especially to the fifth leader, Jin." 
 Slamming his cane onto the floor. Bryce was trying to get Clark to get to the point. 
 "The main thing was… that the person who had defeated me and caused all this, used shadow abilities." 
 A few of the leaders immediately sprung up to their feet in shock. 
 "Are you sure, but how!" One of them shouted. 
 "I'm positive, I would like to say the reason for my loss was because I was taking it easy, and although that may have been the truth at the start. I used every bit of my power to try to beat him but I couldn't." 
 The first leader then asked in detail to explain about what had happened during the fight. Specifically explaining the details of all the shadow abilities that had been used. Although he decided to keep the Bone claw a secret for now, and he had a good reason for doing so. 
 "Weren't they all meant to be dead? Didn't they go away, how could they be returning and now of all times?" One of the leaders started to shake his head in disbelief. 
 After hearing the explanation from Clark of the abilities that had been used, all of them knew it was true. These were certainly the traits of the punishers. As Clark went through them one by one, some of them were starting to remember vividly, memories that had been long forgotten were starting to surface up once more. 
 However, not everyone on the table had the same reaction, it looked as if the room was quite split. There were those with worry on their faces, while others chose to keep their composure, perhaps some with a slight smile. 
 "Whether this is a sign of the punishers having returned, or one of them coming back to exact their power and revenge is yet to be seen." Bryce explained. "Or they might even be coming back for good, and claiming their right to their power and position on the council table. But judging by what Clark has explained, the vampire seems to be young. My guess it is someone who has only found the power, or a disciple of some sort of someone who managed to survive." 
 The murmuring between all of them continued. It seemed like a lot was happening recently in the vampire world. Huge events that didn't seem to be linked to each other. The only thing they could guess was they were just unlucky at the moment. 
 The meeting had ended, but not before giving instructions to each of the thirteen families, to be on the lookout for the punisher, and to do everything they could in their power to bring them in. 
 One of the leaders had left the room, still visibly shaking from the information that he had just been told. 
 "I was one of the ones that turned against them… What if they are coming back to punish us? To punish me… I need to lie low for a while." 
 While one of the other leaders had walked out with a large smile on their face. "I knew you would come back. We will always be on your side no matter what. Let's return the vampires to the ways they once were!" 
 Clark had immediately been pulled to the side by his own leader Jin and when they were a good distance away from everyone else he whispered. "I know you're holding back something.. I need you to tell me everything, and if the punishers really had returned, why are you even still alive." 
 The punisher's name, although not spoken for around a hundred or so years, still seemed to have the effect on the families just as it did back then. 
 Outside in the middle of the forest, out in the outskirts of the city, a portal had opened up, and through it Quinn had safely arrived in one piece. The portal closed behind him, and in front he could see the tents that were there before he left. 
 But more than anything, something had struck him as soon as he arrived. His senses were higher than they were previously and with that the connection of those that were in his family were stronger. 
 "Layla, it looks like is still okay, and not too far from here." Quinn said, but that wasn't what had surprised him. For when he closed his eyes and started to focus again. Deep underground, over in the direction of where the city was, another bond could be felt. It wasn't strong, as if something was trying to block it, but he could feel it now. 
 "Peter, I finally found you, let's just hope Fex is with you." 
 At the same time, peter too had felt the bond. "Quinn, you came." And with it, a strange new found energy was starting to surge through his body. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 433 Asking for help 
 Inside, Logan's room back at the vampire academy. Currently inside was Vorden, and they had even invited Cia this time as well. Although the girls and boys' room were often separated, there were no strict rules when people would visit or come into each other's room. Unlike back at the military academy. 
 It seemed like they were quite open about this and many times while staying there, Logan had noticed many females and male vampires going into each other's room. Coming out, their clothes would be ruffled and such, and their faces blushed with heat, it was obvious what was going on. 
 'Must just be a cultural difference, I guess.' Thought Logan. 
 Still, the reason they had gathered and asked for Cia to come along as well, was because they wanted to execute the next part of their plan. Moving together was important, even if they couldn't connect with Layla, she was still by far the safest out of all of them. 
 Honestly, although Cia had come into the room, she didn't want to cooperate with the others until she had learnt the truth. But what other choice did she have? 
 The only thing she was sure about right now was that she was human in a vampire world and the others in front of her were human as well. In a way, she was stuck, because without Logan's spray she would be unable to disguise herself as a vampire. Yeah, she had her bottle, but how long would that last and what would she do when it ran out. ti was simple, if she was on her own, she would be dead, and right now she was safer with them. 
 "I think maybe we can tell Silver the teacher, why we are here." Logan proposed as he sat down on his bed while the other two were standing. 
 "You mean, our teacher! Why would you do that? Won't that mean we've been found out?" Cia complained immediately, unaware of what the other two had learnt. 
 Looking at Vorden's reaction, Logan could tell he had found out the truth as well. 
 "Cia, I'm sorry that not much has been explained to you but you see, the person we came to rescue is a vampire as well, and it turns out that Silver and him are brother and sister," Logan explained. 
 For a moment, Cia remained in silence; she didn't know what was really going on or why any of it mattered. 
 "If they're brother and sister, then why doesn't she try saving him? What makes you think she will help?" Cia asked. 
 "Judging by her actions yesterday, she is currently very emotional," Logan replied. "The fact that Silver had come to Quinn in the human world in the first place and informed him of what was going to happen to her brother, meant she wanted him to do something. She wanted him to act, and that's what we have done. Maybe if she knows that we have arrived, then she will choose and be able to help us out." 
 "It's still risky though," Vorden added. "I also agree that there is a good chance she will help, based on her actions, but what if she doesn't and she reports us?" 
 Logan then quickly formed a robotic type gauntlet with the spiders from his hand, then soon after he displayed a holographic screen from it in front of them all. When the others looked at it, all they could see were times and events. It looked like it was the school timetable. 
 "I think we have run out of time and no longer have any choice," Logan replied. "This is the school timetable for the next week, and can you see what one of the lessons is?" 
 Looking at the time table, they looked at all of them carefully until Vorden spotted the troublesome lesson that would soon be coming up. "Sparring matches.." Vorden said. 
 "Although we are strong, and perhaps can put up a good fight against the vampires, I doubt we would be able to fight them without allowing any of our own blood to be split." Said Logan. "On top of this, Xander is most likely after your blood more than ever, and I hear he is quite the skilful student. We also don't have the option of just suddenly leaving. If we leave, then they will know and come after us, making them aware that something is up. The only time we can act, or the best time to act, would be when we have enough information and Quinn is here, or if that doesn't happen at the execution itself." 
 "So you're gambling on the fact that it's more likely that Silver will help us once she finds out our reason for being here," Vorden replied. "Or at least will get us out of the current sparing predicament." 
 Getting up from the bed, Logan then proceeded to open up a small latch, in his strange glove, around the area of his forearm. Inside it were the red blood pills that had been obtained from the trials when they had first arrived. 
 "Take them," Logan said, giving them to Vorden. "Without all my equipment, I have not been able to do a full check, but I'm 90 percent sure that they won't harm you in any way. Although I am unsure if it will have the effect that Quinn had said, but, there may be a time when you need them. For me, it's useless, since I don't fight using my own strength and speed, and Cia is a support type who is naturally weak, so if they really do have an effect, it's best if you take them for now." 
 Looking at the blood pills, Vorden put them away in his trouser pocket, tying the flap down. If he could, he would avoid using them, 90 percent still meant there was a 10 percent chance something bad could happen, and it was better for him if he didn't take that type of risk. 
 "What about the green injections, didn't Quinn say that would give us a boost as well?" Vorden asked. 
 "That…" Logan paused for a while. "I was unable to assess what that was. I think it's best if we avoid that at all costs." 
 With that, the day had ended and the three of them tried their best to go for a peaceful sleep for the night. When they returned to their classrooms the next day. Silver had as expected shown them the schedule for that week, and it did indeed include a sparring session. Of course, Logan had extracted this information from the school's server ahead of time. 
 Originally planning to leave earlier, he thought it wouldn't be a problem, but there was still no sign of Quinn anywhere, so they had stayed at the school longer than they thought they would. For them though, this only confirmed in all of their minds that the best option was to ask Silver. 
 When the class ended, the three of them had left the room as usual as if nothing had happened that day and when everyone left the classroom and Silver was at her desk. She was staring blankly ahead. There was a load of paperwork on her table, but her mind was constantly filled with thoughts and distractions of what to do. As the days went by and the execution was drawing closer and closer, she had images flash in her head, and plans of how she could save her brother. 
 'Why father... are you really going to let Fex just die like that?' 
 Silver was a little upset that her father had seemed to ignore the fact altogether and was treating Fex, his own son, just as if any other vampire had committed such a crime. He didn't even try to defend him or pardon him. 
 But in a way, this was expected for her. She knew he was like this, and this was where she got her own stubborn side from. When it came between choosing family and the laws one would choose family right? 
 Slowly, Silver was realising that she herself cared about her brother more than any of the stupid vampire laws. The only problem was, she wasn't going to go on a suicide mission. As it was right now, even if she got involved, she wouldn't be able to escape and her own life and her brothers would be taken. Perhaps then all of the thirteenth family would be treated as traitors, and because of her actions, what was happening to those that were in the thirteenth would worsen. 
 She couldn't do that. As a teacher at the school, she could already see how the other thirteenth members were being treated now, so she couldn't imagine what would happen if they found out she too had gone against the council. 
 Thinking about all of this was a lot on her mind but that's when she noticed a strange small little piece of paper that had magically appeared on her desk. Not only that but it was moving. 
 Eventually, the piece of paper had stopped moving, and then a small little spider from underneath the paper had left and gone away back climbing down the desk and heading off somewhere. 
 Looking at the piece of paper, Silver noticed that it was a note. 
 "We wish to help out Fex, please meet us in the storage room, based outside on the field." 
 Looking at the note, for some reason, a slight jolt was felt in her heart. 
 'Who said this, is it one of the other vampire families? Maybe the one that was hiding the identity of the vampire that created the illegal. Maybe they are finally making a move. Should I meet them… If they can help save Fex then I have to meet them.' 
 With her hopes on the mysterious note that just appeared in front of her, Silver decided to head to the location. She stood outside of the storage door, located off to the side on the outside field. Suddenly, she felt a little strange. Her senses were telling her there were three vampires inside, not any special vampires but just regular vampires. 
 However, they might have been only messengers. Opening the doors, she went straight in and quickly closed them behind her. When she turned her head, she could see three students inside the room, all of the ones she recognized that were in her class. 
 Her sudden hopes were dashed as she remembered each of them was from the tenth family. 
 Logan was the first to walk forward and approach Silver. 
 "We are here to save Fex," said Logan. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 434 The eighth family messege 
 Looking at the three students in front of her didn't give her hope. Silver remembered them quite well, especially the tall blonde student. This was because he had stuck up for one of her family members at one point, and she had made it her duty to try to protect him. Silver always repaid a favour. 
 it was because of this, she also remembered which family all of them belonged to, and she remembered that all of them had stated they were from the tenth family. 
 The tenth family, a family with no current power or influence at the council table, the weakest and worst family to belong to. But her mind soon started to change as she started to wonder. Why would the tenth family be trying to save Fex? What relation did they have with him? There was also the chance that this could have something to do with the rumours. 
 Was the tenth leader really still alive and returning, but this was a far fetched idea as it had nothing to do with Fex. Even in the past, the tenth family was never close to the thirteenth so why would the leader even attempt to save him. 
 "5… 4….3… 2… 1." Logan started to count down from five and then at that precise moment, something had happened. A strange smell had entered Silver's nose. It had hit her in an instant. 
 Quickly pulling out the spray bottle, Logan sprayed a few puffs here and there, he had covered his scent once more before putting it away. 
 Recognizing the strange smell. A natural reaction happened as Silver's eyes went beaming red as the realisation had hit her. 
 "You…You're humans!" She said. 
 Vorden placed both of his hands on his back grabbing his blades, and Cia stepped back slightly, as she stared back at the red eyes. The two of them were ready for a fight. Whether or not they could win was an entirely different thing altogether though. 
 'How, how were humans able to infiltrate this place, and they were even able to get rid of the scent. Have we been discovered?' Hardening her hand and her finger tips, Silver was prepared to throw out an attack and slice Logan's head then and there. It would have been easy and the attack would have been too fast for him to react. 
 "Remember why we are here." Logan calmly said. "We want to save Fex. Your brother." 
 Those words were exactly what silver needed. As the anger and panic inside her started to settle, so did the colour of her eyes. Vorden, still worried something would happen, kept his hands on his beast weapons on his back, while Cia was completely covered in sweat as if she was about to collapse. She felt like she couldn't breathe. 
 'Why does this feel, so familiar?' Cia thought her body was reacting to the vampire in front of her. In her mind, this just confirmed her thoughts. A vampire had to have removed her memories and even though she couldn't remember herself what had happened, her body could. 
 "Speak." Silver said, in a strong tone, still letting them who was in control of the situation. 
 "We are friends of Fex, and I'm sure you know about a Wight as well. We have come here to save both of them." Logan started to explain. A strange look appeared on her face, as she wondered how they would even know about Fex in the first place. On top of this, the only interaction that Fex should have had with the humans was at the military base. 
 Looking at the student's faces, they couldn't have been much older than Fex himself. 
 'Are these his friends?' 
 Seeing the concerned look on Silver's face, Logan continued on. 
 "You met with Quinn right, the other vampire. He is the one that came with us here. We are all here to save Fex." 
 "And you really think, you three and one vampire is enough to save Fex, when me, a vampire knight won't even go against them?" She replied. "You guys are delusional. So Quinn, is it? What family does he belong to?" 
 Although Silver sounded a little rude when saying this, in asking this question she was still looking for a little hope. Maybe the vampire had come to the vampire world after informing his leader what was to happen. If they had help from one of the families maybe they could do something. 
 "Family…" Logan replied, thinking about it. "I don't know, if he was here you would be able to ask him." 
 When thinking about this question, Logan knew that Quinn had obtained his Vampire abilities through the system and the strange book that was handed to him, but this wouldn't have been an acceptable answer and it was clear it wasn't what Silver was looking for? 
 She tried her best to keep a straight face, but Vorden had noticed that her fingers were twitching, as if she was nervous about something. It was clear this was a reaction to the current situation. 
 "I can't help." Silver said after a moment of silence. "You aren't strong enough to even attempt to break out or save my brother. I thought maybe there would be more of you. I won't turn you guys in, but I suggest that once the school summer is over, you guys return from where you came, and speak to no one from this place. As for the sparing next week, I will do my best to cover your backs." 
 'It's the least I can do for your good friends that have come all this way to try to save you, dear brother.' Sliver thought. 
 Turning around Silver's last hope was dashed, but she felt a little touched that there were others concerned for her brother's safety apart from her. 
 "Wait!" Vorden shouted. "I know we may be weak and you can't trust us, but even if you tell us to go back, even if we told Quinn that we would be going back, he will still try everything he can to save Fex. That's just how he is, and it's because of this stubborn side that we all decided to follow him in the first place. " 
 "If you can't trust us, then at least trust him." 
 Turning back, and looking at Vorden's eyes, she could see he had the same look, the same look as Fex's when talking about this person. Why did these two people seem to put so much trust in a single person? What was about this vampire that was so special? 
 "Even if you say that, where exactly is this person, he isn't even here for me to speak to him." Silver replied. 
 But, Vorden had no reply, they had no clue where Quinn was or why he was taking so long to come to them. But then at that moment, a voice could be heard in Silvers' head. It was the voice of one of the vampires, the power of the 8th family leader, telepathy that covered the range of the whole planet allowing the vampires to communicate with each other. 
 "Report, anyone in the nearby vicinity of the thirteenth castle, please go there immediately. Special permission has been granted from the leader to enter. The punisher intruder has been spotted. I repeat, the punisher intruder has been spotted." 
 Due to being at the school, Silver had yet to be informed of the details from the council meeting. Informing them that there was a punisher out and about, so she was deeply confused for a second. She knew of the punishers but didn't know what had happened. What was even more surprising was for some reason they were at the thirteenth castle? 
 "Please be on the lookout for two Male teens. They both have their mouths covered with some sort of strange masks, also it appears they have managed to take control of a few of our own. The Wight has escaped and is on the run with the Punisher. I repeat the Wight has escaped and on the run with the punisher." 
 "What is going on?" Silver said out loud while looking at the three in front of her. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 435 An extra dead 
 Underneath the thirteenth castle, there were strange tunnels that seemed difficult to navigate. Certain pathways would lead to others opening up to different areas. The only light source in these deep underground tunnels were the torches that lit up the way, and walking through them right now were two vampires, who were dressed the same from head to toe. 
 They had most of their face covered, only allowing a slit between the eyes to be seen, a floating cloth dangled over from their mouth and nose while a large black tall hat was worn on top of their heads. These vampires in their unique clothing and face covering were from the ninth family known as the Fortuna family. 
 The tunnels below each had separate sections that would head off in different directions. These tunnels would eventually link to each castle. A dungeon to be used for their own family members and such until a punishment was decided. However, the tunnels were also linked to each other in some way, blocked by complicated door structures with secret codes. Using these doors, one would be able to travel underneath and move freely between each castle. 
 The ninth family was in charge of the cellars and tunnels underneath and had access to all the doors. Allowing them to transport criminals from one place to another. As for families, they all had access codes and such to their own doors underneath their castles but did not for others. 
 One would either have to get permission from another family, or request aid from the ninth family. 
 Right now, two of the guards from the ninth family had reached a fairly large cellar. Cries from several other creatures and vampires could be heard, but from this one there was no such noise. 
 A few loud bangs were heard against the bars of the cell. 
 "Get up, you're being transported to a new location." The guard said. 
 Lifting himself up from his bed, Fex wasn't exactly enthusiastic about going with these people as he slowly placed his feet along the floor to the bars. 
 "What's wrong, it shouldn't be time for me to go just yet, right?" With nothing to do in the cellar, all Fex had been doing was counting the time while down here. Sometimes he thought his actions were that of a mad man. 
 Waiting for the day of his so-called death. But It was the only thing he could do. He was pretty sure he had been accurate with his counting, and it should still be a while before he was to leave this place. Unless he had already gone mad, and was counting far slower than he thought. 
 "We are moving you to the main castle cellars, where you will be put under a heavier surveillance." The other guard said. 
 Unsure why they were deciding to be more cautious. Fex decided it wasn't his problem in the first place. It wasn't like there was anything he could do. 
 The guards put a set of cuffs behind Fex's back. Ones that would be strong enough to hold any regular vampire, and even if he could break out of them, the two guards were quite strong vampires. If there was one, Fex could take them out, but with his hands tied, two would be impossible. 
 Even if he did, what would he do next? Knowing what his fate was destined to be, he hadn't struggled and decided to go ahead and follow the ninth's men. 
 Meanwhile, at the same time, two other guards had also been sent to the thirteenth castle. The Wight that had been held captive was also temporarily staying there, but the first leader Bryce, had also made the decision that it would be best if he was transported and put under heavier protection considering what was going on at the moment. 
 When the two guards approached the Cellar, they had done the same, putting the cuffs on around Peter's wrist and letting him out of the cellar as they took him out and through the tunnels. However, something strange started to happen after Peter had left the cellar. 
 A strange energy was starting to flow through him strongly, stronger than he had felt before.. The feeling was similar to when he had consumed Quinn's blood, only this time he could tell. It wasn't borrowed power, but it was his own power rising inside him. With this, and the exit from the cellar, the connection between him and his master Quinn could be felt even more than before. 
 'Quinn, you're here… and you've grown stronger.' Peter thought. 
 As Quinn grew stronger, so did Peter. Although he couldn't use blood abilities like Quinn could, or shadow abilities. All of Quinn's stats would be replicated to Peter, so right now, he too had the strength of a strong Vampire noble. 
 He looked at the guards carefully, and it seemed like they had underestimated him greatly, only sending two people to escort him. This was perhaps because they had seen his skill when he fought against Xander. Xander was but a strong child, a Vampire with no ability. 
 Whereas these two were adult vampires who had an ability. Although they weren't nobles, they thought with two of them it would have been enough. Even if he could defeat the guard, where would he go, how would he navigate underground. Of course, Peter didn't know about the complexity of the dungeon tunnels. 
 Because of all this though, the guards had never expected what would happen to happen next. 
 While walking through the tunnels, waiting for the right moment. Peter used all his strength to barge one of the guards with his shoulder, banging him into the wall and causing him to be dazed and stumble. Then something the others hadn't expected. Without caring about pain, or breaking his bones, he forced his hands through the cuffs, snapping his fingers in the process and ripping pieces of flesh from his hand. 
 Still, this was no problem for the current Peter, who was now a Wight. He felt no pain, and his regeneration speed was great. His fingers and skin had not already healed. 
 "Grab him!" the guard shouted to the other, as the first one who had been barged into the door had regained his composure. 
 Both of the guard's hands had wrapped around Peter's waist, holding him in place. Peter, seeing this, used both of his own hands and grabbed onto the guards, and started to pull them apart. 
 "What, he's stronger than me! I can't hold him." The guard shouted as he could feel he was loosing the power struggle. His arms were slowly shaking as they were spread apart. 
 Then using his strength, Peter lifted the man over his shoulder, and slammed him onto the ground, dislocating his shoulder. The man coughed up blood and was heavily damaged. Still, Peter wouldn't give him a second chance to get back up. Neither of them had used their ability yet, and he didn't want to find out. 
 Running up to the man on the floor, Peter used all his strength once again, to kick the man's head, twisting his neck and killing him on the spot. He was a vampire and not a Wight, regenerating from a blow like that would be impossible. 
 The other guard in a panic, threw out a flurry of punches, but it was useless. Peter was far faster, dodging the attacks. Peter then threw out his own punches. Hitting the person rapidly, not letting up for a single second. Peter continued to punch the guard until no more sound was made. 
 When he finally stopped, the body had fallen to the floor, and it was no longer moving. Both of the guards had been killed, but Peter had no choice. If he didn't kill them, they would have informed others and more would have come. Making it harder for his escape. 
 While looking at the bodies, something strange was felt inside Peter, as if he could feel a little fire inside their bodies. This feeling was similar to the connection he felt with Quinn, sometimes only a little different. 
 Approaching the bodies on the floor, Peter wondered what would happen if he tried reaching out to this connection. As he placed his hand on the body,, he could feel the connection even better now. Naturally, he felt like closing his eyes and then his own energy started to flow out of his palm and started to head straight for the dead guard. As his energy touched the guards, a strange reaction had occurred. 
 The feeling was strange, and Peter let go and took a step back, but as soon as he did the guard in front of him stood up. His head twisted back in place, and at first, he started to walk very stiffly, but the guard's movements soon became normal once again. The guard bowed down before raising his head. 
 Looking at the guard closely, Peter could see that his eyes were now completely white and there was no such expression on his face, it was as if he had become an undead. 
 At that moment, a strange feeling came to him, as if information had entered his head suddenly. He now understood, the vampire in front of him had been turned into a lesser Wight. Turning around, he looked at the other dead guard on the floor. 
 "I'm going to need your help as well." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 436 A Vampire leader 
 (NOTE: there was no chapter yesterday due to a break up with a long time girlfriend of mine. Hope you understand and respect my privacy in this time 25/11/2020) 
 Just like with the first guard, Peter had successfully managed to also change the second one, doing the same thing. He repeated the process step by step. While doing so, it seemed as if information was slowly coming to him, as if he had done all of this before. But he knew that wasn't possible. He imagined the feeling was something similar to a computer machine uploading information onto a server. Following what it was telling him to do allowed him to create the two lesser Wights. 
 As the information was processing in his mind he looked at the two that were now running by his side. Due to the information, he understood what they were a little bit more. A lesser Wight. Essentially, Peter had managed to make the vampires rise from the dead and become a lesser version of himself. 
 They were undead creatures now, unable to perform any of their abilities they had before. As for their strength, they were half that of their creator when comparing strength and speed, their creator would be Peter. However, they did also have no stamina and an impressive regenerative speed similar to Peters, but once it reached a certain point, they were unable to heal further, even if they consumed human flesh. 
 As for their intelligence, it seemed as if whatever they knew of the past was now no longer there. They would be able to follow simple instructions that Peter gave. When Peter asked them if they knew the way out, there was no reply, but when he told them to follow him they did so. 
 This left Peter with no choice but to randomly run through the tunnels with hope of an escape. The only good news was that the vampire guards wouldn't exactly be found dead anytime soon, giving him a bit more time before they discovered his attempted escape. 
 The three continued to run until he had eventually reached a strange rounded door that blocked the entirety of the tunnel. There wasn't a single gap that would allow him to get through. 
 Stopping at the rounded door, Peter tried to give it a push using all his strength, but there was nothing, not even a single nudge. 
 "Is it glathrium?" Peter thought. If that was the case even if he tried punching the door it wouldn't work. But he didn't really want to either for fear that the tunnel could collapse. 
 That's when he noticed a strange circle lock combination. Essentially, the door had a large circle on it with smaller circles on the inside. When trying to move one of these circles there was sound and Peter found out that each part could be moved individually, but just spinning them around in circles and circles was doing nothing, and he was just wasting his time. 
 'Is it a lock?' Peter thought, then he turned to the two behind him. If they had brought him here, they had to know a way out. 
 "Do you know the combination to the lock?" Peter asked. 
 But there was silence, as the two of them just continued to stare at him. 
 'I should have guessed.' 
 With no choice, Peter turned around and started to head back down the tunnel he had come from and tried to take a different path. Eventually, he must have taken a wrong turn somewhere as the tunnel had led him to quite a large open room. In this open space, there were several tunnels for one to go down. Looking at them all though, Peter had no clue what to do, or which one to take. 
 "Now I wasn't expecting this." An echoey voice said. It was hard to pinpoint the location of where the sound had come from, due to it bouncing off the walls. The only thing he could tell was that it was a males voice. 
 The next second, a thud sound was heard as the two feet had solidly hit the ground. Turning to look behind him, Peter could see a fairly middle sized man, not scrawny nor was he big, but what did stand out was the large scar that went across the top of his head, and the round shield on his back. 
 "When Clark told me that the mysterious punisher person's last words were he was here to save someone, I thought it could only be one of two people. Either Fex, or you. I saw no reason for them to try to save someone from another family, which means you had to be quite important to them." Jin explained. 
 "Just in case, I got Sunny to stand by, and watch over Fex's extraction. Unfortunately, these tunnels aren't exactly the best for my ability. If I was to go all out the place could collapse at any second." 
 He then carefully looked at the three of them, including the Wights that stood behind Peter. 
 "Well, the good news is, based on your performance against Xander and Silver, I won't even need to use my ability in the first place. I suppose you should know the name of your slayer before you die, My name is Jin Talon, I am the fourth leader of the vampire family and I will bring you in dead or alive… Wait a minute, I guess as a Wight, you're already dead." 
 Jumping off his feet and dashing towards Peter, the two lesser Wights immediately reacted, jumping in front of him. Their speed was unexpected as Jin knew the capabilities of Lesser Wights. he thought he would have been able to simply run past them before they could even react. Not wanting to stray from his path though, Jin threw out a punch, knocking both of them back. Even with their two hands, they were useless as they were flung away and went crashing into the tunnel walls. 
 The whole place seemed to vibrate slightly, and a few crumbs of rock falling here and there from the ceiling could be seen. 
 "Damn, maybe I need to hold back just a little more." Jin said. "Well, this should be enough." 
 Being careful not to do any further damage to the tunnels, worried that the whole thing might collapse on them. Jin decided to lessen his strength. When doing this though, he had also lessened his speed. He knew he wasn't great at control. His explosive blood ability never really allowed him to be. 
 So he was unable to fine tune when coming to control. If he lowered his power, he would lower everything with it, including his speed and such. If he was to fight at full power, the same would be done again. 
 "Let's end all this silly nonsense." Jin said, throwing out a single punch, hoping to finish the fight off then and there. 
 A fast fist was thrown, but then, the sound of it hitting nothing but air was heard. There wasn't the usual feeling of weight being pushed back against the skin of his knuckles. He felt nothing but empty air. 
 Peter had dodged the attack. 
 'But how? I saw how fast he was when fighting against Xander, how could he have improved so much.' Even if Jin wasn't using his full strength and speed, it was more than enough to get rid of the Peter he saw fight against Xander not long ago. 
 Before he knew it, a punch from Peter had landed. It was planted in his stomach and all his newfound strength that surged in his body was used. It caused Jin to slid back a few steps before completely stopping. 
 Him, a vampire leader, had been pushed by a mere Subclass. 
 "You moved me back?" Jin said. "You, not even a vampire but a subclass!" 
 A strange anger had risen inside him, as his eyes started to burn a fierce red. He didn't care anymore if he took down the hollow tunnels. Making a few cuts on his hands he allowed his blood to be drawn and was ready to use his ability. 
 With a flick, a single drop of blood went out fast, like a bullet, and it had hit Peter right on the shoulder. 
 "Ignite." Saying these words, a loud bang followed, and a pop and explosion was seen, as the sharp orange lights shined upon Peter. Pieces of his skin and flesh started to fall to the ground. However, it only took a short amount of time before it started to regenerate once again. 
 "I guess an explosion that small will never be able to kill a Wight. What impressive regenerative speed." Jin genuinely thought as he praised him. 
 "But, it just means I have to use more power." Jin said. "Blood control." 
 The blood that was in the palm of his hand started to lift up into the sky. It floated there without a single person touching it. Next, spreading his arms out, Jin managed to split all of the blood into small little balls. These small blood balls were the same size as the attack that had hit him earlier. 
 'Are all of these explosives?' Peter thought, If that was the case, he was unsure if his body would be able to regenerate from such a thing, as he said that though, the two lesser Wights from earlier, had come back and were now standing in front of Peter. 
 "Chain bomb!" Jin said, flicking his hands, and all the balls started flying directly towards the three. Even if the Wights could help Peter block the attack, it looked as if this was something Jin would be able to perform again, and then what would he do. Right now it seemed like the best option was to run away. Just as he was about to make the decision and make a break for it, something was felt. 
 All of the Blood balls went ahead. "Ignite!" Jin shouted, making all of them explode at once, creating small explosions one after another. Smoke had filled the tunnels, and the ceiling started to crumble as small rocks fell from it once more. The shaking had finally stopped though, and it looked like the walls were able to handle a lot more punishment than Jin initially thought. 
 When the dust finally settled though, what he was seeing came as a huge surprise. For where the three once stood, there was a thick purple Shadow in its place. 
 "I knew you would come." Peter said. "It's been a long time, Quinn." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 437 Connecting tunnels 
 Following Peter's presence, the whole way up till the castle was quite easy for Quinn. Travelling from the forest, he had entered the settlement with no problems. not a single person had stopped him to ask what he was doing there, even while continuing to wear the mask to cover his face. If Peter had been caught and had disguised himself as Quinn at the time. Then it meant that there might be quite a few vampires that recognised him. As he walked through the city, not a single Vampire batted an eyelid as he walked past. 
 He wanted to explore, and see what the vampire place was like, but the connection he currently had with Peter was continuing to sway in and out, and there was a good chance that it might disappear completely. Feeling the strange feeling coming and going, Quinn feared the worse that perhaps Peter was dying. So instead of taking his time exploring the vampire settlement, he decided to start rushing his way forward. 
 The strange energy was coming from the thirteenth castle, which was stationed to the very right. All of the castles surrounded the city in a semicircle like shape and the thirteenth was at the very end. Most of the city was easy to get through, but then he noticed that there was a strange wall in between the castle area and the city. A gate of some type. 
 This gate was the separation between those that worked directly for a vampire family, and those that lived with everyone else under some type of family. Carefully looking at the gate, Quinn noticed that there were guards stationed at these sections, and it would seem as if vampires who entered and exited needed to show something to enter. 
 While thinking of what to do next, the system decided to chime in and help him. 
 "The more you start to explore and roam around the city, the more I'm starting to think this is exactly the same settlement that I used to live in." The system said. "I don't know if an exact replica was made or if they really had managed to transport it all over to another planet somehow." 
 At first, Quinn didn't quite understand why the system was suddenly being nostalgic out loud, while he was desperately trying to find a way in but as it continued to speak, he realized it wasn't just nonsense and he actually had a plan. 
 "Well, if this place is really exactly the same as the last, then I think I might have a way to get to the thirteen castles." 
 Following the system's instructions, he was able to direct Quinn to a strange location. It was still near the thirteenth castle, but not past the wall they had put up to segregate the different sections. They had entered what looked like a strange small garden that was surrounded by several walls. There seemed to be no such visitors, but it made sense since there seemed to be nothing in the area either. There were no benches to look at, and only a few followers here or there. 
 However, there were still people walking past in the street that was right next to the garden. 
 "It should be right here." The system said. 
 The two of them had reached what could only be described as, as a wall. However, the wall did have quite the interesting design on it. It had a large circle with several other smaller circles inside and one was able to twist and turn each different part of the section. 
 "It's a lock, and unfortunately, this is as far as I can take you. This is a secret entrance that should lead you to the underground tunnels. There are several put all over the city in case of a type of an attack of some sort. Allowing people to move from one location to the next without having to go through all the different buildings." The system started to explain. 
 "Then, if you don't know the combination, then what much help is this?" Quinn replied. 
 "You should start to know your own system better than that. It has managed to help you in tricky situations, before, and I think this time will be no different." The system said, but decided to keep the next part to himself. 'The one who created these lock systems in the first place is the same as the one who made the system. So I'm almost certain you will be able to unlock it." 
 Pressing his hand up against the strange circular lock and then using his inspect skill, gave Quinn all the information he needed. It took a while as if the system was trying to crack some type of code, but eventually it gave instructions of what to do and how to do it. Following them, Quinn was able to turn the circle contraption in the right direction eventually hearing a clicking sound. The wheels then started to move once more and into place until the wall morphed backwards into itself, before falling to the floor. Revealing a type of hole in the wall with a staircase that leads downwards. 
 As soon as the door had been unlocked, Quinn could feel Peter's connection even stronger. 
 "He's down there, I have to hurry!" 
 Without saying anything, Quinn dashed forward as fast as he could, and the door behind started to rebuild itself on its own. Finally, although the tunnels seemed strange and hard to navigate, Quinn wasn't trying to find his way out, or the direction of the other castles. He was just playing a game of hot and cold with himself. As he went down one tunnel, if the connection grew stronger he would continue to head that way, but if it felt weaker, he knew he was going in the wrong direction. 
 Finally, he had arrived, and it was in just the nick of time, as he threw his shadow outward and dashed forward, protecting Peter. 
 Although it had been a long time since Jin had seen the purple moving shadows. The second he saw it, he instantly knew that it was the punisher's powers. There weren't many alive today that would be able to recognize such an ability. Perhaps some of the leaders decided to pass down their history, while others chose to keep it a secret, which wasn't too surprising considering what had happened in the past. 
 When the shadows eventually moved downward, Jin was able to clearly see the two boys in front of him, who looked to both be teenagers. This surprised Jin a bit, because when he thought of the punishers, he always thought of them as this strong force. However, it looked like what Clark had told him was the truth; it was just a young boy who had reached the stage of a vampire Noble. 
 Ever since Quinn had evolved, his senses were more finely tuned than before, and when looking at Jin in front of him, the hairs on his neck were starting to stand up. This was a feeling he hadn't even felt when going up against Clark. 
 'He's stronger than a vampire knight. Does that mean he's a vampire leader, at the strength of a vampire lord?' Quinn thought. 
 While thinking this, the system chimed in just to confirm it. 
 "Careful Quinn, that Jin talon, the fourth vampire leader. He uses the same ability as Clark himself, but I don't think you need me to tell you that a fight with him and a fight against Jin will be two completely different things." 
 His thoughts were spot on and for the first time, Quinn would be going against a vampire leader, the strongest of the vampires. Looking to his right, he could see Peter there, who looked unharmed and quite powerful. He could also tell that he too had grown in strength compared to last time, and he was happy to see him healthy. But behind him, were the two lesser Wights that had made a recovery and were now by their side as well. 
 Quinn using his inspect skill was able to tell they belonged to Peter. Although they were now technically controlled and owned by Peter, they did not belong to the cursed family and took no extra slots. 
 Jin was wearing a long black overcoat and pulling the side of it towards his mouth he started to whisper. 
 "I found the punisher. He is with the Wight, and two other vampires seem to be under his control. They are located under the tunnels of the thirteenth, towards the main area." 
 Sending out this message, there was only a little amount of time before others would come running towards them as well. 
 "Can we do this with the four of us?" Quinn thought as he hesitated, whether to fight or run. 
 Using his right hand, Jin stretched out behind him and grabbed the shield. Banging on the top, several spiked blades had come out from the edge. However, this wasn't what was surprising, it was the fact that all the spikes seemed to be covered in blood. It hadn't come from a wound like the attacks before, but instead looked as if the blood was already pre placed in the shield. 
 "I won't make the mistake of going easy on you, like Clark did." Jin said, as he got ready to throw his shield. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 438 Unknown Skill 
 Jin didn't immediately start attacking straight away, nor did he rush in, and there was a big reason for this. This was because he was worried, worried about a particular skill that the shadow users had. 
 'Are there really other punishers still out there?' Jin thought. 'Or is this really the last one? Somehow the skill might have been passed on to him. The problem is, if he isn't the last one, then it might be best to wait for the others.' 
 With these thoughts on the back of Jin's mind, he decided to wait for his opponent to make the first move, while keeping his shield out in front of him. 
 The information from the system stated that the person in front of him, Jin was the fourth leader. All those that were high up and belonged to the same family would have the same ability, which meant Jin had the explosive blood, same as Clark. 
 Seeing the blood drip from the sharp edges of the shield was a concern for Quinn. 
 "Well, it worked before, so let's see if it will work again!" Quinn said, as he activated his shadow void. This time he had created quite a large void, using up almost half of his MC cells. The reason for doing this was because first, Quinn wanted to make sure he got Peter and the others inside as well, but the more important thing was he needed some space. 
 If the area was too small, he would be easily hit by the explosions. Still, he needed the void if he was to perform his shadow hop, which would be a great help in any fight. 
 When the shadow finally had encased the whole area, it had even blocked all of the tunnel exits as well. Seeing this, Jin smirked a little. 
 "Perhaps this worked on the vampires you faced before, but unfortunately for you, it won't work on me," Jin said. "I have seen this before." 
 Tapping the front of his shield again it started to slightly glow red and then, flinging his hand off to the side, he propelled the shield upward into the air and towards the top of the dome. 
 "Blood Rain." 
 As the shield spun in the air, it seemed to stay there in place, hovering. From the razor-sharp edges, blood would be flung off, shooting outward and falling to the sides and ground like rain. 
 "Quinn, protect yourself now!" The system shouted, and Quinn responded by pulling Peter in, and at the same time, the other two Wights followed. 
 Using his shadow control, Quinn was able to cover everyone for what was about to happen next. 
 "Ignite." The rain like blood drops that fell from the top of the ceiling started to explode in all different directions. Some blowing up as they fell to the ground, others hitting the edge of the wall. 
 Then after a few seconds, Quinn came to the realization of what Jin was trying to do. It was something people hadn't done before due to their cautious nature, but Jin was attacking the dome itself rather than trying to kill the user. 
 Whenever the wall was hit, it would repair itself, but at the cost of using Quinn's MC cells. He didn't worry about this too much since his MC cells recovered faster when being in the dome, but this type of attack where it was being hit from all different directions was too fast and powerful for Quinn to keep up. 
 His MC cells were rapidly dropping, which left him with no choice but to deactivate and take down the dome. As soon as this started happening, Jin raised his hand, and the shield started to glow red again, returning to his hand as if he had some magnetic force. 
 The shadow control had shielded Quinn and his allies, but now he had next to no MC points left to be used, which meant the only thing he could fight with now, was his blood abilities. 
 "How did the shield come back to him, does he have two abilities?" Peter asked. 
 "That shield is a blood weapon. Do you remember the red crystal you obtained before, and the strange weapon you saw behind the glass casing? These are both the same. Although obtaining blood crystals is illegal, it wasn't like that in the past and those that have blood weapons were able to keep them. Which means most of the vampire leaders will have a blood weapon." The system explained. 
 "There is an ability called blood control. It allows vampires to control blood similar to that of how water users are able to control water. Although it varies from vampire to vampire, inside Jin's blood weapon is blood itself, and that's why he is able to bring it towards him and control it so it stays in place, hovering like that. 
 "Quinn, I'm telling you now, but you can't win against a vampire leader yet. You have to run, get out of here!." 
 Without his Shadow abilities, Quinn knew that the system was right, but they couldn't exactly turn their backs to the leader in front of them. If the system was anything to go by, a leader was the rank of a vampire lord, which was twenty levels ahead of what Quinn was at now. The leader would be faster, stronger, and could naturally catch up to them. 
 But then, Quinn noticed that for some reason, Jin still hadn't exactly gone to attack them yet. So far he had only used one skill. Was he worried about something? 
 This was definitely the case, as Jin was still worried about the unknown skill of the shadow. Because of this, he wanted to wait for more to arrive. 
 Making a dash for one of the tunnels, Peter proceeded to do the same following Quinn along. 
 "You two, attack that man!" Peter shouted, and the two weights immediately listened, going towards Jin. 
 "I'm sorry you two," Jin said. "But may you rest in peace." 
 In a moment, he had moved towards both of the Wights, and using both of his hands he grabbed onto their heads, the next second two explosions had gone off and their heads had splattered leaving nearly nothing behind and allowing the two bodies to drop to the floor. This was something the Wights were unable to recover from. 
 "Take this tunnel! Quickly!" The system directed while Quinn followed. 
 "Running is the right choice, but it won't work!" Jin said as he made a swiping motion with his hand and a red line of aura followed. He still didn't wish to get too close and kept his attacks at a distance. 
 Seeing this Quinn could tell the attack was powerful, more powerful than any other blood swipe he had ever seen before, perhaps the blood hammer was the only thing powerful enough to stop it but that took time and the attack was too fast, so it left Quinn with only one choice. 
 "Peter, you're going to have to carry me and keep going." 
 Quickly, infusing his Qi into his leg, not caring about control or amount, he allowed the ball of energy to be used. Mixing this feeling with the blood rush feeling he usually would do when he used this attack. His leg was now vibrating slightly, holding in the power. 
 "My body is stronger, I can do this!" Quinn thought as he threw out a Blood crescent kick, powered with his Qi. The red aura came shooting out from the tunnels and collided with Jin's, at that moment both of the powers were equal as they both shattered falling. 
 This was unexpected, and for Jin, for a brief second, he was stunned at the result. "A vampire Noble, creating an attack this strong. What was that?" But snapping out of his daze, he gave chase. 
 Right now Peter was carrying Quinn as he was ordered to before. As Quinn had thought, even though his body was stronger, he was still unable to use all of his Qi properly with his blood powers. The result where his foot was completely crushed and shredded, it was unusable right now and this was why Peter was carrying him. 
 Using his Blood bank, Quinn was able to start the healing process of his leg, but what he was surprised about was Peter. Who seemed to be running at a great speed while not slowing down. Due to him being a Wight he had no stamina issues and had the same stats as Quinn himself. So in a way, he was perfect for a long chase. 
 But what they had come across looked like a completely dead end, as up ahead in the tunnel there was a strange round door sealing off the exit. It had the same circular patterns as the one outside that Quinn had used to enter the tunnels in the first place. 
 "Why did you lead us this way?" Quinn asked. "Even if I can unlock the door, my inspect skill takes a while before it will allow me to open up the door," Quinn complained to the system. Knowing full well that Jin wasn't too far behind them now. 
 "Don't worry, I will tell you the combination to the door." The system replied. 
 By this point, Quinn's leg had already healed, and with the system's instructions, Quinn was able to successfully unlock the door. As the two of them went through the door, it sealed up behind them blocking off the exit once again. 
 "Are we safe?" Quinn asked. "Won't Jin also know the combination to the door since he's a vampire leader?" 
 "Leaders only know the combinations to their own tunnels underneath their castles, apart from the ninth family. Jin is from the fourth, so there is no need to worry." The system said. 
 "Then, where are we going now?" 
 "We are heading to the tenth family castle." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 439 For and Against! 
 As Jin continued to run through the tunnel as fast as he could, the last thing he saw was the backs of the two boys, and a few seconds after, the tunnel had sealed up once again. 
 "Damn it!" Jin shouted in frustration as he tried to look around and figure out what part of the tunnel he was in. First, he tried his own combination that the tunnels underneath his castle used. It was a long shot, but he was going to try anyway. As expected, it was useless, and the door remained shut. 
 "Which family does this combination even belong to, and how did they even know it in the first place. Is someone really working with the punishers again? Is it the thirteenth family, but then why would they give us access?" 
 Staying by the door, Jin waited until more people arrived and the first to arrive was Sunny, leader of the fifth family. Just from the look on Jin's face and the sealed door he was standing in front of, she knew something was up. 
 "Did they get away then?" She asked. 
 "Yeah, and they went through there," Jin replied. "Do you have any idea where this leads to? I don't even know the combination and all of the thirteenth area locks should have auto granted access right now." 
 "I'm sorry, but I think its best if you ask Muka." She replied. 
 Right now, the two boys would have been long gone, and it looked like it would be a while before any others arrived. 
 "What about on your end?" Jin asked. 
 "Fex has safely been transported to the main castle." Said Sunny. "No one tried to intervene, and everything went as planned." 
 Hearing this, Jin was wondering what their goal was. Why they needed to save the Wight and at the same time, why did Fex try to protect the Wight's creator? Jin thought for sure they would try to also save Fex. But judging by what happened, everything was all the actions of a single vampire. 
 I 
 t would explain why no one had gone after Fex. 
 Knowing this, Jin wished he would have been less cautious, if there wasn't any others helping with the breakout, then he had nothing to worry about. 
 With nothing else to do, the two of them decided to return and pass on the information onto the others. Once again, another meeting had been called between the leaders. 
 Inside the council room, they had all been updated on the current situation of how Peter, the Wight, had been rescued by the punisher. It came as quite a surprise to a lot of them. They thought that the two matters were unrelated, and it started to cause great confusion amongst the leaders. 
 After everyone had been updated, the ninth leader of the Fortuna family stood to speak. The Fortuna family were the ones who were in charge of the underground tunnels as well as keeping the prisoners locked underground at bay. 
 The person who stood up, was the leader, Muka. He had heavy black armour that covered his entire body from head to toe and was built like a thick brick house. He was wider than the others but not short either. As for his weapon, it looked like a giant club on his back. There was nothing special looking about the club. It was plain and blunt, the top half was thick, while the handle area was thin. 
 "We have looked into where the tunnel the two boys went to leads to, and it looks like it belongs to the tenths family castle," Muka explained. 
 The others started to mumble and talk to each other, and a few of them even looked at the empty tenth seat, while the torch above still shined brightly. 
 "But then how did they know about the combination?" one of the leaders complained. "And why did the punisher choose to save that boy!" 
 Most of the leaders had the same thought, and they were looking to Muka for answers, mostly since his family were ones who knew the combinations to all of the locks in the tunnels. There were only a few possibilities they could come up with after all. 
 "Could someone be planning another uprising?" One of the leaders whispered at just the wrong time as everyone went silent. 
 In response to this, Bryce slammed the cane down, making the bickering stop. 
 "There is a simple solution to this all," Bryce said. "We shall enter the castle area and search every area until we find the two of them. No one shall be allowed to enter or leave in the meantime." 
 After making this suggestion, the room fell silent. It wasn't a suggestion that was welcomed like one might have suspected, and the first one to speak was Muka himself. 
 "I'm afraid I will have to disagree with this proposal," Muka replied. "Each castle area and its outer area is governed by the family leader. Without permission from the leader themselves, we can not enter." 
 This was the reason why the others remained silent as well. It wasn't only a great offence to enter a family's residence without permission, but quite possibly a war inducing one as well. 
 "Don't be ridiculous." Bryce snapped back. "There is no current leader governing the tenths home. Who would we get permission from?" 
 Although words won't spoken from the other leaders just yet, they all looked towards the flame that continued to burn above the tenth's seat. Bryce realised his mistake, there was, in fact, a 10th leader, they just didn't know who or where they were. 
 "Although I wish to catch the punisher kid, I wholeheartedly agree with Muka," Jin said. "If we break the rules and allow for this to happen, then what happens when it becomes a matter involving our own family. If we are not present then will you invade our own personal areas as well?" 
 After Jin spoke these words, there were quite a few in support of what he had said, while there were also others who had agreed with Bryce, the first leader. 
 "But, this is an important matter involving a possible traitor, sometimes there must be exceptions to the rule!" One complained. 
 "Very well," Bryce said. "Then we shall put it to a council vote. Those against the idea of invading the tenths castle area and those surrounding it, in search for the punisher and traitor...please raise your hand." 
 At the same time, six of the leaders raised their hand, this included Muka, the 9th leader. Jin, the 4th leader, Sunny, the 5th leader, Lee, the 13th leader, and the very last two were the 2nd and 11th leaders. 
 As for everyone else, including Bryce, the first leader, they were for invading the castle. "A split decision. Bryce said. I believe that gives me the final say, right?" 
 "Not Quite." Muka interrupted. "I believe although the tenth leader is not here, they would have a vote as well, and considering it would be his castle, we were invading. I believe it's safe to say he would be against the idea. Either way, When a vote is split like this, then that means it would fall to the king, not you, Bryce. Although you may act on his behalf and are his messenger from time to time, please do not let that get to your head. You are not the king." 
 The hands that were both placed on top of Bryce's gain tightened, and the veins could be seen bulging out as the grip tightened. "Very well, I think without the tenth hear it's impossible to cast his vote for him, So I shall go and ask the king for his decision. In the meantime, a team shall be placed in the surrounding area of the tenths castle. Keeping an eye on those that enter and leave." 
 The meeting was over, and the leaders had all left the room. However, they had a feeling for some reason this wouldn't be the last meeting, and soon they would be meeting up once again. 
 Meanwhile, Quinn and Peter had finally made their way approaching another circular door. The system told them the code to the door once again, and they had finally exited. This time, when exiting, they appeared to be in the middle of a strange alleyway. Walking out from the alleyway, the two of them looked around cautiously. 
 They could see a few people walking past on the streets, But Quinn recognised that there wasn't nearly as many as before when walking through the main area of the city. Just one or two people. 
 "Here take this," Quinn said as he opened up his void and pulled out one of the masks that Logan had created. He then proceeded to take off his own as well, he ripped part of his sleeve and wrapped it around the bottom of his face. Although it might look strange, it was better than them seeing what Quinn looked like. 
 Due to Peter being caught, many of the leaders knew of Quinn's appearance, as for Peter. He had now transformed his face into the student known as Pio. Here no one knew who Pio was. So if they saw him, they would think he was just like them. 
 "What should we do now?" Quinn thought as he didn't know where to go. The connection with Layla could still be felt, but it was quite far away to meet up with the others, and he still had no information about what was happening to Fex. 
 "For now, head to the tenth castle. I think we might be able to ask for some help there." The system said. 
 "To the castle, what makes you so sure that they will help?" Quinn replied. 
 "Because I used to be the leader of this castle, Quinn…. And now you are their leader as well." The system finally gave the answer Quinn had been waiting for. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 440 Xander's opponen 
 Due to the sudden announcement, all the Vampire knights were to return to their castles for a briefing, and this was especially true for Silver, since the occurrence of the punisher was last seen in her castle and Peter had been taken. Based on the information that was given, she was also afraid that others would start to think that the thirteenth family was more involved in this than they thought. 
 Everything seemed to be happening so soon, and with Silver suddenly leaving, the gang of three was left a little clueless with what to do next. Although Logan was sure Silver wouldn't reveal or tell the others about who they were or why they were there, he had no clue why she had suddenly left the room like that, that day. 
 'Is something going on?' Logan thought 'There is still some time left before Fex's execution right.' 
 During the night, he would continually try to contact Quinn for answers to see if there was any reply. In truth, he was a bit lost with what to do next himself. They could possibly head to the public execution, but there would likely be many people there, including a few vampire leaders, if not all of them. Would Quinn be strong enough to save Fex in front of everyone? If he couldn't get strong enough, then there was one other option, to create an army of his own but that seemed even more impossible. 
 The next day, when the three of them had arrived into class, they were in for a bit of a shock. For they were unaware that Silver had been asked to return back to her castle, meaning that today Silver wouldn't be their teacher. At her usual desk, there was someone else standing in her place. 
 He was quite a small framed male teacher, who had rounded classes and was covered in dark black robes. "Hurry and get a move on you three, we don't have all day." The teacher said as the three of them stood still for a moment. 
 Hurrying to their seats, every one of them was now starting to sweat and worry a little as the class began. As they remembered the schedule that Logan showed them, the teacher began the lesson. The theme of today's lesson was displayed on the screen: Sparring matches. 
 If Silver was here, then she would have helped them get out of such a mess, stopped them from fighting somehow, but she wasn't. 
 "There are some important matters going on within the families and for that reason me, Reli will be your teacher for today." The round glasses man said. At this point, Logan realised that all vampires had perfect eyesight, so the glasses were possibly there, just as a fashion statement. "Today there will be a sparring match. All of the classes will be involved and it will be a chance for everyone to show what they have learnt in the classes so far." 
 "However, to make it more interesting, we will select two opponents up from a different class into the fighting arena. As these fights go on, everyone shall standby and watch. Once a winner has been declared then we shall discuss what one person did well, and what the other did wrong. The winner of the fight shall select their next opponent which has to be from a different class. It cannot be from the same class as themselves, nor the same class as the opponent that they had just faced." 
 "This will allow us to see the levels of each of the classes, of course eventually the winning student will more likely lose, because of the continuous fights they will have in a row." 
 With the rules and today's lesson explained, the students were all rallied up outside as they did once before. What came as a surprise was that all three of the subclasses were also invited outside on the field to watch the event. Although they were told they wouldn't be taking part. 
 As Vorden walked onto the field,, his eyes matched up with Layla's and it seemed as if she had a worried look on her face. Seeing this, Amy gave her a slight nudge, hitting her with her shoulder. "I thought you said you weren't into the tall blondie, why are you so worried ?" 
 But Layla didn't reply, as she was too busy thinking about the worst that could happen. 
 Outside on the field, they had a platform that had been raised. It wasn't too big, and the platform was only raised about a foot off the ground. It was round in size as well. All the different classes were told to sit on the floor in rows around the circular platform. 
 The students were sitting quite close and were worried that if a fight was to take place, that they might be hit by some of the attacks that would go off from the platform. A larger teacher approached the side and saw the concerned look on their faces. 
 "Don't worry too much." The teacher said as he banged his fist on the outside. As if it hit an invisible wall where his hand had landed for a brief second, a digital red grid like display showed before quickly disappearing again. "Using the beast crystals, we are able to create an invisible barrier for you guys. Any attack from you regular vampires will be stopped by this wall here, so you have nothing to worry about." The teacher explained with a smile. 
 Reli walked into the centre and looked as if the wall hadn't activated, suggesting someone was in control of when the wall was turned on or off. "We all know why we are here. You should have been briefed by your teachers beforehand, so let's cut to the chase and get this started. Hopefully that way we can see as many fights as possible today." 
 Two students from different classes were selected, and two of them had entered the stage, one a female vampire while the other a male. None of these did Vorden or the others recognize. When the two entered, the teacher shouted to start the match, and the fight had begun. 
 It looked as if the two inside were evenly matched and they continued to fight without the use of abilities, only using blood attacks. However, the female did have a dagger that she would use, while the male student used nothing but his bare hands Eventually though the female vampire had less stamina and was starting to lose the fight. 
 A pretty bad cut was made with a claw like hand on the female student, and the fight was immediately stopped by the teachers. The male student had actually attempted to make a second attack following up on the first one, but one of the teachers had entered too fast for the others to see and held the male student's hand stopping the attack. 
 It looked as if there would be no accidental deaths in these sparring matches. The vampire teachers were just on a completely different level compared to the students. 
 With a winner declared, the students were asked about the fight, talking about what had been done well and what had been done wrong. This also gave some time for the students to rest and recover a little, but now it was time for the student to select his next opponent. He was still pretty tired, and it looked like it would be easier to beat him now than before, but seemingly out of nowhere, from one of the classes a little chant started to take place. 
 "Xander, Xander, Xander, Xander." Slowly others started to join in as well. 
 "Of course they would do this." Amy complained, looking at him. 
 Xander was well known amongst the regular vampires, and the other students wanted to see him fight. Having given in to the peer pressure, the student eventually called Xanders name and with it, the students cheered. 
 Xander of course smiled as he stood up and looked at the students behind him. He even gave them a bow, as if he was their king of some sort. Climbing onto the stage, he didn't look at his opponent in front of him. Instead, he looked at Vorden, who was sat on the floor. 
 "This isn't good." Logan thought no one had to be a mind reader to figure out what he was thinking. 
 The fight once again started, and right off the bat, Xander dashed in, avoiding the first attack from the student, at such a close range Xander threw out a strong fist, then another, and another not letting the student fall to the floor. It was his signature move, a flurry of punches, however, after just the first two punches, they were quickly stopped by a teacher entering the platform declaring him the winner. 
 This time, there wasn't much time spent on what went wrong or right as there wasn't much of the fight to be analyzed and he was told to select his opponent from another class. First Xander looked to his right, where he could see the pretty girls and looked towards Layla. 
 With a wink, he blew out a kiss towards her. Seeing this, all the girls around started to scream and push Layla around on the floor. 
 "Was that at her?" 
 "She's so lucky." 
 "Why does Xander even like her!" 
 A Lot of the girls wished that Xander had paid them that much attention, but Layla felt the opposite. 
 Then lifting his hand, he pointed at a single blonde boy sitting down. "I chose you!" Xander said. 
 It was Vorden's turn to go up on stage. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 441 Xander Vs Vorden 
 All of the students turned to see just who exactly Xander was and had pointed at. After all, Xander wouldn't just choose some nobody right? The perosn he chose would have to be some type of formidable opponent, someone who would give him a challenge or put on a show. 
 At least this was what everyone had expected of Xander, especially after the performance he had just put on. 
 Thas was why, when they turned to look around, they were surprised to see who exactly Xander had selected, although it wasn't a surprise for everyone there. There were some who still remembered the events that occurred not to long ago involving a particular girl who was watching not too far away. 
 Before Vorden had moved from his position, Logan had raised his hand to ask a question. "Sir is it possible to forfeit from this event, admit defeat." Hoping there was some way for them to get out of this. 
 Reli gave out a big sigh before answering. "And what would be the point of that? The whole point of this assessment is to test your skills good or bad. Besides, its not like you will get seriously injured or hurt, as you saw with the last matches we were able to stop them just fine before anything serious was to happen. We will continue to do so for all the other fights as well." 
 The explanation given was a fair one, and Logan didn't know how to counteract the teacher's point. After all, the problem wasn't the fact that they were scared that Vorden would die but that he would be injured. After all, the slightest injury would cause blood to be drawn, and everyone who was here would be able to smell it in an instant. 
 Logan didn't even want to think about what was to happen if all of the vampires here found out thier true identities. 
 With no choice now, Vorden stood up from his place and started to walk towards the platform, but as he was walking, Logan quickly pulled on his sleeve pulling him down and started whispering in his ear. 
 "Take the pills, don't get hit." Logan quickly said before letting him go to his place, giving him a brief reminder. 
 It seemed like the two of them had similar thoughts in the first place. The truth was though, Vorden never wanted to forfeit the fight. Seeing Xander's face and his actions from before had caused a strange jolt inside him. 
 "Hey, do you want me to take over this one pretty boy," Raten said in his head. 
 He looked towards Layla, and then back at Xander. Right now he didn't want to quit and instead teach the playboy a lesson himself. 
 Grabbing the pills form his trouser pocket, Vorden started to do some stretches making it look like he was warming up as he walked towards the stage, and at a certain moment, as his arm crossed his mouth to touch his elbow, he shoved the pills down his throat. 
 'I don't know if they will have any effect, or if maybe it will take a while, either way, I'm going to beat this guy.' Vorden thought. 
 But it didn't take Vorden long at all to know whether or not the pills were effective. For as soon as the pills entered his stomach, and they started to digest, he could feel a burning sensation in his stomach. It wasn't a bad one, and he was able to carry on walking as if nothing was happening. There wasn't a slight pause or a change in his facial expression. 
 But the cells in his body felt alive, as if new stronger ones were being created. Vorden had taken all the pills at the same time, not caring if there was a side effect or not. They didn't have the time to. 
 The pills had a mixture of said effects and that included a few strength pills, Stamina pills as well as agility pills. If the feeling he was feeling right now was reflected in his actual fighting, then perhaps he would be able to fight without getting any injuries. 
 Thinking about the small red pills, Vorden started to wonder what exactly they were. How was someone able to create something that increased the strength of a person so easily and if what Quinn said was true, the increase was permanent, it wasn't even temporary. 
 He started to wonder how the world would be affected by such an invention. There would be superhuman roaming the streets. However, he also started to wonder why at the same time, something like this wasn't released to the public. Were the vampires keeping it to themselves, but they were already plenty strong. Perhaps there was a chance for them to find more answers later at the same place, and if possible Vorden would like to grab the pills form the other trail rooms. 
 Still, even with all these questions, there was only one person who could answer them, and that was the very person who created them. 
 Finally, Vorden had reached the platform, and he was ready. Without hesitation, he pulled out both the black and white blades. Ready to harness their powers, If there was one thing he needed to be cautious about it was the Vampires speed. Their natural speed was far superior to that of a human. 
 "I've been waiting for this!" Xander said. 
 "Let the fight begin!" Reli shouted. 
 At first, Vorden was expecting Xander to charge in as he did against the previous student. He had activated his White sword, thinking he would have to rely on speed for the most part, but, when the match had started Xander stayed still. 
 Sweat was running down from his forehead, and even he didn't really know why. 
 'Come on, what's wrong, move!' He shouted inside his mind, but it was as if his legs just weren't listening. 
 Although Xander didn't know it, there was a deep fear rooted in him that day, when Vorden was able to resist against his influence skill. 
 In a usual case, Vorden would have taken this opportunity to charge in himself, this was what he would have normally done if it was a fight to the death, but he had quickly reminded himself that this was a fight to not get hurt. So instead he stayed in place as well. 
 As the two just stood there staring at each other, the crowd started to get a little frustrated that nothing was happening. 
 "Booooo, what the hell are you doing Xander. Just charge in like you usually do!" A student shouted. 
 "We came here to see a fight, not a little staring match." Another said. 
 Eventually, more then anything these words had gotten to Xander, and the fear that was deeply rooted inside him, was overcome with the idea of being embarrassed in front of the others. His body was working again, and he was able to charge in. 
 Throwing out his fist, he was starting his furry of punches, Vorden was Abel to predict where the first one would come from, and lifting the white blade he had parried it away. Right now, Xander had his fingers and nails harden, so they were as sharp as a blade itself. 
 The nails scrapped across the sword, and the first attack was successfully deflected. Thinking it was out of luck, Xander tried to do the same again, but it only ended up with the same result. With Vorden successfully blocking the attack. 
 'Luckily, I took those pills; otherwise, I would have been done for.' Vorden thought. He could tell his speed had greatly increased, but in all honestly, it was still slower then Xander's. The only reason why Vorden was able to block such attacks was because of his fighting experience. 
 The slight movement of the shoulder, the direction Xander looked as he set off, all of these were signs of where he would attack. Allowing Vorden to predict his next move. With the extra speed increase, he was able to block Xander' starting attack. 
 After watching the last fight, Vorden noticed something. The first hit always seemed a little slower than the second punches, and the ones after. It was as if his punches were like an engine. They would start slow and slowly rev there way up. 
 As long as he stopped the first punch, then he would be okay with dealing with the rest. Still, he couldn't just dodge all day, as preforming a perfect parry and watching Xander's movements was tiring him out, and eventually he would make a mistake. 
 "Wow, I can't believe someone is able to put up a fight against Xander." Amy said. " No wonder you have the hots for him." 
 At first, Layla wanted to argue and snapback saying she didn't like Vorden, the one she liked was someone else, but looking at Vorden with his concentration face. She had to admit, right now he seemed kinda cool. 
 As For Vorden, he could see that Xander was getting more frustrated at what was going on. 
 "Damn you!" Xander shouted as he threw out a blood swipe attack. 
 Not knowing how much power an attack like this held, Vorden quickly switched from the power of the white blade to the blacks. He struck the swipe dead on and it was shattered. However, Xander had noticed that compared to all the actions before, it looked as if Borden's attack was incredibly slow. 
 Thinking something was up, he decided to charge in once again. Vorden seeing this, wasn't worried though, for the whole time during the fight, he had a big trump card up his sleeve and now was the perfect time for him to use it. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 442 Return home 
 While the white blade gave Vorden speed, the black blade gave Vorden power. He had used the black blade to face off against the blood swipe attack, and it was because of this, his speed had significantly reduced. 
 The problem was, it was quite noticeable, not just to the vampires but even to Logan and Cia who were watching the fight. Knowing something was up, Xander had dashed in. But Vorden was no fool. 
 "I wanted to beat you myself, but humiliating you is just as good," Vorden said. 'Raten switch!' 
 Quickly switching places with Raten, the Black blade was thrown out at Xander. He easily dodged, and the blade continued until its tip was lodged in the ground. However, the aim was never for the blade to injure Xander in the first place, it was only to stall him for a little bit. 
 Now with one hand free, a blue mist started to form in it, until slowly it started to make a shape, it was the shape of a spear. It was the spirit spear, an ability borrowed from Cia. 
 For a second, Xander eyes had met with Borden's, and as they did, he could see they had significantly changed from before. The same feeling that was felt as last time was sending a shiver in his entire body. 
 'This is no vampire, these are the eyes of a mad man.' Xander thought. 
 The spear was thrown and was now lodged into Xander's body, in an instant, his whole body felt weak, but not just a little, this was a new feeling for him altogether. He was completely drained. He almost felt as weak as a human. 
 Swinging down his white blade, it clashed and hit Xander's forearm that was blocking his head. However, the strike wasn't too strong and had only caused a flesh cut wound on him. The white blade and his power weren't strong enough, and there were somethings that Vorden couldn't make up for with just a few pills. 
 "This is not my fight, you finish him." Raten said as he switched back to Vorden. 
 There was a reason why Vorden had switched with Raten in the first place, that was because currently, Vorden had the power of both Logan and Cia. Although he wasn't able to use Logan's ability due to its complexity, he could still use his MC points. Combining Logan's and Cia's abilities, he was able to create a more powerful and longer-lasting spirit spear. 
 Not wasting this opportunity, Vorden slipped past Xander' side, Lifted up the black blade, and with its power, he spun his body fast with his blade behind him. The course for the blade was right for Xander's neck. 
 Everyone watching was on the edge of their seat and felt like they couldn't breathe. When the blade was a few inches away, it was stopped. A hand had reached around the sword and held it in place. 
 "The fight is over, Borden is the winner!" Reli shouted. 
 "Yes!" Layla shouted in happiness. However, she realised that not everyone had the same reaction. Everyone had heard her cheer for no one else felt the same way. Instead, they were shocked. 
 "Who was this Borden guy again?" A student asked. 
 "I didn't know there was someone stronger then Xander?" Another replied. 
 "Didn't you see, he used an ability though, I don't recognise that amongst the thirteenth families." 
 "Well, I think someone said he was from the tenths family. Perhaps it's just a regular ability and not one belonging to the thirteen." 
 "That would make sense." 
 "Still, maybe Xander just isn't as strong as we thought." 
 These comments from the audience continued, and of course, Xander could hear all of this, he was frustrated, for some reason he didn't feel like he had lost the fight. It was only because he suddenly felt weak form that strange spirit spear. 
 He didn't have any nasty wounds on him, and the attack on his forearm looked like a small scratch. 
 The students went into discussion mode about the current fight, while both Vorden and Xander stayed on stage. However, there was also a problem with winning the current fight for Vorden. 
 It was the fact that he needed to continue to fight while not getting hit. It seemed like it was almost an impossible task. 
 "Thats it for this discussion, as I can see there seems to be a bit of bad blood between the two of you." Reli said. "I think it would be best as a form of sportsmanship if the two of you would shake hands." 
 The anger inside Xander hadn't settled and any way possible he wanted to hurt the person in front of him. 
 'Maybe I should slice and attack him the moment we shake hands. Or use my nails to dig into his skin.' Xander thought. All of these thoughts were going through his head. 
 And even Vorden was cautious about shaking his hand. Seeing this, Reli grabbed both of their hands, placed them together and shook it for them. 
 Before pushing them both away. "See, it wasn't so bad or hard now was it?" 
 With that, Xander returned to his seat with nothing else happening and instead it was now time for Vorden to pick his next opponent. 
 At the end of the day, inside Xander's head, they were just thoughts of what he wanted to do, but he wasn't petty enough to actually act on these actions. He had lost the fight, and he had lost it fairly, there was no reason to be sulking over it now. 
 Nervously, Vorden looked at the students hoping he could select someone who wouldn't be too strong, maybe they could buy some more time that way. He wished he could have picked Logan, or maybe even Layla, but that wasn't possible. 
 "Everyone stop this at once." A female voice from the side said. 
 The students turned their heads and could see a Silver beauty walking towards the platform. The boy's hearts started to flutter at the sight, as one of the most beautiful vampires in existence was walking up to the stage. 
 "The event has been cancelled." Silver explained. "In fact due to the emergency situation we are currently in, the school has been cancelled until further notice. All Vampires have been asked to return to their household. Those who live in the castles inner area are to return there as well. No questions are to be asked, and your family will update you on the situation." 
 The students' heads twisted and turned as they mumbled to each other. They had been sleeping and staying at the school this whole time, so they had no clue what was going on at the castles or the main cities. Not only that, but this was the first time they had heard of something like this happening. 
 When Silver had delivered the news, they didn't quite realise how quickly things would move. Students were asked to grab their things and return now. There were no more lessons, no finale lesson for the day, just to grab their items and head home. Which only made the students wonder even more what was happening. 
 "I'm going to miss you, Layla, I hope we can meet up again soon." Amy said as she gave a big hug and started to rush off. 
 Now, Layla, Cia, Vorden and Logan had reunited on the field, as they stood there still unsure with what to do. After all, none of them had a home to go back to. 
 However, Cia didn't care and quickly, Embraced Layla with a big hug. As the two of their bodies touched, Layla could feel strong negative emotions that weren't felt before surrounding Cia. 
 'What happened to her?" Still, Layla did her usual and started to sap away all the negative emotions. At first, Cia wanted to ask Layla straight away what was going on, but as the nice special feeling came over her, she didn't want to ruin this moment and would ask later on. 
 "Where the hell do we go?" Layla asked. "Won't it look strange if we just stand here and don't start moving." 
 "Well, we did say we were part of the tenth family right, so shouldn't we start heading to the tenth's castle," Vorden said. 
 "And when they find out we don't really belong, besides we don't even know which one is the tenth castle in the first place." Logan replied. 
 A gust of wind swept and could be felt on each of their faces, and suddenly, Silver was stood in front of the four of them. 
 "Is this everyone." Silver said. "I still haven't agreed to help you guys, but I thought you should know what is going on. Apparently, there was an intruder in the thirteenth castle, this was were my brother and the Wight were being held. 
 "The intruder has managed to take the Wight with him and has headed to the tenth's castle area." Silver decided it was best to keep the fact that the saviour was a punisher. She was unsure if the matters were related or not, but it was the only thing she could think of. No one else would want to save the Wight other than these in front of her. 
 The message had been delivered, and Silver started to head back to school without saying anything else. 
 "Do you think she was talking about Quinn and Peter?" Layla asked. 
 "I think it has to be them two, and there at the tenth castle. I guess we know where to go now then." Vorden replied. "But how do we get there?" 
 "Hey!" A small little boy shouted as he waved his arm and rushed over. Joining the four of them was the boy known as Timmy. They had gotten close with him over the past week or so. 
 "You guys are from the tenth family as well right, why don't we travel together." Timmy asked. 
 The group looked at each other before replying. 
 "Sure." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
Chapter 443 Light up again!

 Chapter 443: Light up again! 
 As Both Quinn and Peter exited from the tunnel, Quinn made sure he and Peter both had the mask with them at all times, just in case they were to split up. As for contacting the others, Quinn felt like it was best to do so only when he knew for sure that they were in a safe place and where they were. Only then would he ask for the others to come to his location so they could start to initiate a plan. 
 The AI system's words alone weren't enough for Quinn to trust. Too many times had the AI hid things from him, and suddenly he had dropped a large bombshell saying that the tenth castle belonged to him. Quinn had long guessed of the probability that the original person the AI system was based on used to be a leader. It was the only thing that made sense as to why he had so much information on everything. 
 However, saying that these people in this castle all belonged to him as well did come as a shock. The system had stated that those of the Cursed family were his, creating his own new family, but what of the old tenths. The simple answer for all of this for Quinn was "No thank you." Just because he was a vampire now didn't mean he wanted to be apart of their affairs. More so than not he just wanted to rescue Fex and get out of here as fast as possible. 
 Still, with nowhere to go and no plan of what to do, as well as the AI stating it would explain more once they reached the castle. Quinn didn't really feel like he had a choice. At least he knew one thing, The AI system did care for his safety. Meeting the last Vampire leader, Quinn felt and knew he had no chance, and apparently, there were twelve more of them. 
 It was clear as day that the AI was right that Quinn wouldn't be strong enough. Without extra help, it would be impossible to save Fex, and maybe this is what he needed. 
 Walking outside with Peter, the two of them looked at their surroundings, there was a lot more open space compared to the outer city as they approached the outer castle living areas. The houses were more grand in size and they looked fairly well made. However, there was something off about them all and the few people they would see on the street from time to time. 
 The whole atmosphere felt dead, it was starting to feel a bit depressing and although the houses were grand they didn't look to be kept maintained. 
 At first, the system was going to warn them, tell the two of them to keep away from the sight of others in the street. 
 Usually, the inner area was reserved for only those close to the family, so they would all know each other, but when the system even saw kids and vampires of the regular class roaming about in the area he felt less cautious. It seemed as if the people decided to pay no bother to Quinn and Peter. 
 The atmosphere and the appearance of such buildings were also noted by the system. 
 'Is this all because of me?' The system thought. 'Did the situation really get this bad after I left? Was it worth it all in the end? To make these people suffer. Please Quinn, I hope you can give these people a better life than I ever was able to.' 
 All of these thoughts from the AI were kept to himself, and Quinn had heard none of it. He knew Quinn wasn't ready to face everything yet. Which is why he didn't want to tell him. If he did, The AI was afraid Quinn would run away and abandon these people, just like he had once done as well. 
 Eventually, the two of them had reached the castle with no trouble at all. It was just as grand as the others not too far that could be seen in the distance. However, it was completely covered in cobwebs and dust, and there seemed to be not a single torch or light that was turned on inside. 
 While the others looked alive this one looked dead, the only other castle that had a smilier appearance, was a castle that was at the very end on the same side. However, that castle looked just as grand as the main castle stationed in the center. Quinn had only heard that there were thirteen families and thirteen castles, the main one stationed in the centre belonging to the king made sense, but then what was the extra castle at the end for and why was it so grand in size. 
 Slightly curious he decided to ask. 
 "Do you know what that castle over there is for?" Quinn asked. 
 "That is the fourteenth castle, belonging to the punishers. They uphold the rules of the vampires. At the time its power was seen as equal to the king. In a way, even the king wasn't allowed to break the long-established rules. Although a big event happened long ago that seemed to change all that, however, there is no need for you to know of that as you have no interest." The system replied. 
 Quinn continuously looked at the castle. The system was right, he wasn't interested in what happened in the past but what he was interested in was the fact the castle was abandoned. Perhaps there would be things inside that would be of great use to him. 
 Focusing his attention on the castle in front of him, Both Peter and himself looked around to see if there was anything they could find. But, there really didn't seem to be anyone caring for the castle at all. There were no guards standing on the outside. 
 "Is there really someone inside that can help us?" Quinn asked. 
 The system didn't reply, for he was now a little worried as well. Even if he did leave a long time ago, someone should have taken over to look after this place, and he was sure that the person who he entrusted at the time would have fulfilled his duty no matter what. 
 Walking to the front of the castle there was a large arching door, that was a few meters tall as well as a few meters wide. In the door itself, was the same circle, within circles lock combination. The combination to this one was different from the others but as usual, the system told Quinn which way to turn the locks until a clicking sound was heard. 
 This was only confirming in Quinn's mind that the system was telling the truth, he didn't know why, but as he was turning the last lock a sick feeling was gathering in his stomach. As if after unlocking the door there was no turning back. It was the same feeling he had before he had turned Peter. 
 "What's wrong?" Peter asked. "Is it not opening?" 
 So far Peter hadn't said much, for he had trusted Quinn. After all, he had come to save him, even though he was in this strange vampire world. This had happened more than once, and Peter was determined to now help him in the future more than ever. 
 Letting out one last breath, Quinn turned the circle starting the unlocking mechanism. The door's circles then started to move in place before slightly lighting up, and finally, the doors open wide revealing a dark black space. 
 Taking a single step in, suddenly, lights and torches started to light up the entire castle inside and outside, and at the very top blue like crystal point also appeared. 
 These lights could be seen from every castle, the leaders, the people within the tenth city themselves, as well as all of the vampires who were living outside of the castle area. They started to whisper and gasp as they pointed at the tower in front of them. 
 "Whats going on with the tenth castle!" Timmy said. 
 The group looking towards the castle had a feeling that perhaps this all had something to do with Quinn and they weren't wrong. 
 [The tenth leader has returned to their castle] 
 [A new territory has been granted] 
 [New skills….Ahduwb23A] 
 [Error] 
 [Error] 
 After a few seconds though, the lights started to dim in and out as if it was reacting to the system messages that had appeared. Something was clearly wrong, not just with the system but the castle as well. Eventually the dimming in and out had stopped, and all of the lights had turned off at the same time. 
 [Error] 
 [The quest to become a vampire leader is yet to be completed] 
 [All skills and territories related to the tenth will be locked] 
 Reading the messages Quinn was trying to get an idea of what was happening. 
 Still, for a brief second, all of the castles and the surrounding people had seen the castle light up once again, something that hadn't happened in around a hundred years or so. It was a sign to them all. 
 Not too far away from a castle, in quite a luxurious house, this fact also wasn't missed by a man. He stared outside with his eyes winded looking at the tower light up and quickly fall. 
 "The tenth leader has returned. You're finally back sir." The man said as his eyes started to water up. 
 ***** 

 
	 Chapter 444: The tenth's name 
 For a brief moment, both Quinn and Peter froze in place, as they waited for the lights to go out. They were unsure of what had just happened. Even Quinn could only assume the system and the castle itself were all connected somehow. 
 "What was all of that?" Peter asked. 
 "I have no idea." Quinn replied. 
 It seemed like the AI system had no clue either. With Quinn pressuring him with what was going on, the system could only answer a few simple questions that he had. 
 "This might not be a good thing." The system replied. "I did not expect this. When a leader has relinquished his seat, or has been put into internal sleep, the castle will go off as well. The leader and the castle are linked." 
 If Quinn really was now the tenth leader, then this would explain the first set of messages Quinn had received before the error messages had appeared. 
 "The lights having reappeared means that the leader has returned. The link between the new leader and castle would be set. As you are not yet a vampire lord, I didn't expect this to happen. It looks as if the link between you and the castle tried to activate, yet failed due to some reason." 
 There was also another theory the system had, but he chose to not elaborate on that as it was a complete guess on his part. 
 Quinn thought about what the system said, and the second message he had received matched with his guess. When he became a vampire lord and completed the task of adding ten people to his cursed family, he wondered what would happen if he was to return to the castle. 
 Would he receive a new set of skills, or would it be something else entirely? 
 "So where to now?" Quinn asked. 
 The room and the whole castle were completely pitch black, but both Peter and Quinn could see clearly due to their special vision. They were in a quite large reception area that had two spiraling staircases in front of them that led up to the second floor. 
 "Head to the throne room. Perhaps we can find the person we are looking for there. If not, there might be some other things that we can use." The system replied. 
 Walking forward, the two of them looked at the many objects and architecture. It was a mixture of old and new. Some of the things that were out on display such as knightly armour looked to be before Quinn's time. While there were certain hi-tech objects lying around, trinkets of sorts that Quinn had never seen before that looked to belong in this century. 
 Instead of heading straight up to the second floor, Quinn was a bit interested in exploring the items that were on display on the first floor and so was Peter. All of the objects reminded him of Logan's room. 
 Quinn had approached a glass cabinet and behind it was a strange glove like creation. It had indents in-between the knuckle areas and out from them were three blades. 
 "What a strange design?" Quinn thought. 
 "You mean you haven't heard of him?" The system replied. "When I was alive, there were many movies and such created based on this character. Therefore, I decided to create a weapon based on it." 
 "I can't say I have." Quinn replied. "But you created this? I thought you were just a vampire leader?" 
 "I was a researcher and inventor." The AI replied. "Although most of my creations weren't on the technological side, it was far too complicated. I mostly dabbled in strange magic and alchemy. I would say you could give the weapon a try for yourself, but unfortunately all these here are replicas, the real ones are stored in a different place." 
 Looking at the item, Quinn was about to use his inspect skill. Perhaps it would give him more information on the tenth leader. So far it sounded like he was the mad scientist type, but there was one thing he didn't even know about him, and that was his real name. 
 However, just as he was about to use his inspect skill, the sound of the door unlocking behind them was heard once again. After entering the castle, the door had sealed itself up behind them. Now the sound of someone entering was heard. 
 "Should we hide?" Peter asked. 
 "It should be okay right?" Quinn said. "If someone is entering the tenth castle, then they should be an ally of yours." 
 "That may not be the case." The system replied. "The council may have made a decision allowing them to enter the place, giving the code out. I would say it's best to proceed with caution. Maybe hiding or running away is a good idea." 
 Looking around the room, Quinn could see no way out but up. But before he could move or decide what to do, the door had already opened and following it a mist like fog had entered the room. It slowly creeped its way on the floor and started to move around with an intent. 
 "Intruders, who dares to enter the tenth castle!" A loud deep booming voice said. Both Peter and Quinn tried to look around to see if they could see anything, but they couldn't locate an exact position. The fog that had entered seemed to have created a complete mist in the whole room. Surrounding them completely. 
 They were now even unable to see the walls or staircases they could see earlier and at best could see each other as they stood near. 
 "This is the tenths domain. Tell me who sent you here, if you have no reason to be here, then leave!" The voice shouted. 
 A part of the fog in front of Quinn and Peter started to form a certain shape as it swirled around. When it finished the fog had created a fairly large head that looked like an old man with a beard as large as the head part. "Answer me!" The fog's head shouted. With its lips and head moving as if it was alive. 
 Seeing this, Peter did what he thought was best, and threw out a fist at the fog head using all his strength. 
 "Shut up! Old man." 
 "Peter wait!" Quinn shouted but it was too late. ever since changing to a Wight he had always been a little more hot headed than before. 
 His fist had hit the fog head, causing it to split apart and the smoke had dispersed. A few seconds later and the fog moved again and a head had now formed in a different place off to Peter's side. 
 "So this is your answer. Very well." It replied. 
 The fog head had disappeared, and suddenly something was felt grabbing Peter's arm. It yanked him forward, and a strong force was felt directly hitting him in the face knocking his head back. Peter tried his best to attack, but his fist felt like they were hitting nothing but thin air. He threw punch after punch in the direction he was hit from but there was nothing. 
 Another punch was thrown at him, hitting him in the head again. 
 "Damn it!" Seeing this, Quinn also rushed forward, unsure of where to attack, but knew if something was hitting Peter, then he should have been able to hit it as well. Throwing out punches of his own, though at where Peter was getting his from, the same thing would happen, but it was met with nothing but air. 
 Then something was felt on the back of his collar and it had pulled him down, slamming his body against the floor. Before he could even get up another fist was felt right in his stomach. 
 "Master!" Peter shouted, rushing to his aid. Out from the mist a hand had appeared and had slapped Peter right across the face. It wasn't a simple slap, for its hit was powerful enough to cause Peter to fall to the ground. 
 "You are simply just kids!" The voice said. "I don't know how you got in, but get out of here now!" 
 Quinn could tell there was anger in the man's voice, but he didn't know why. 
 "You brats got my hopes up for nothing!" The voice continued to say. 
 The punches weren't powerful, but the skills being used were far greater than what Quinn was capable of. After all, Quinn had only learnt the basic vampire martial arts from Fex. As for things like the flash step and hammer strike. It was something that the stronger vampires already knew and Quinn felt like for this one it would be no exception. 
 "Shadow voi…" 
 "Wait, Quinn!" The system shouted, interrupting him before he could cast his skill. "I know this man, this is the man who we need to speak to." 
 While the system was busy explaining, Both Quinn and Peter were continually getting beaten. Quinn was trying his best to try to block the attacks like he did during the block game, but he quickly released how much he relied on his site. 
 Usually, he would look for the smallest of movements from the person to predict where the attack was coming from, but here in the mist, it was blocking out his senses. It was even messing up with his hearing, and he was unable to tell where the attacks would come from until he was eventually hit. 
 "Then can you get him to stop. How do we get him to stop!" Quinn shouted, as he got hit across the face again. This time the attack had drawn out blood as the attacks were getting harder. 
 "I told you to leave! I will not allow anyone to disrespect the tenths castle any longer! Even if you are kids, I shall not go easy on you if you refuse to go!" The voice shouted. 
 The mysterious person was getting more frustrated and both of them could feel his strikes getting heavy and heavier with each blow. 
 The system had told Quinn to simply repeat after him. 
 "Halt, Vampire night of the tenth family, Edward Eno. I have been asked to come here by your past leader Vincent Eno. The new tenth leader has returned." 
 Immediately the punching had stopped, and the mist started to settle down, eventually revealing an old man standing in there looking at the two kids in silence. 
 However, Quinn was equally stunned, for at the time he was repeating the words of the AI system, but now he had processed what he had just said. The tenths leader's family name was "Eno?" 
 ****** 

 
	 Chapter 445: The new tenth? 
 In a mind of his own, Quinn was busy thinking about what he had just said. The last name was repeatedly playing in his head as if a record player was stuck. Now, all of the times he had seen the name "Eno" before were starting to appear in his head, and there was one time in particular he was thinking about. 
 When looking at the teleporter in Logan's room. The system had stated that it was created by the inventor Richard Eno. This name was known far and wide on earth. This was because he was a well-known inventor that had created things such as the teleporters as well as how to incorporate beast crystals into making weapons among other things that improved the daily life on earth. 
 He was one of the major players in turning the tide of the war. After finding out about the teleporter in Logan's room and how it was found by his parents and had been passed down from generation after generation, of course Quinn had his suspicions that there was a possibility that Richard was a vampire. 
 It was impossible for a regular human to live that long. 
 But when the name was freely spoken, not once did the system nor Fex talk as if they knew the person they were talking about. Quinn had assumed it was an alias. Using the inspect skill on the teleporter, it had come up with the name Richard Eno. Perhaps it really wasn't an alias, but then what relation did it have to the AI's family the tenth. Were they even related at all? 
 Or was it such an ancient name that even the Ai, and Fex didn't know about it. 
 If they were related then once again the system had chosen to hide something great. However, Quinn didn't have much time to think about this, for there was the matter at hand, as an old looking aged vampire was staring at him with teary eyes. 
 The old man who had gone by the name of Edward was starting to get emotional hearing the name of his leader being spoken. Still, he didn't let it get to him as he quickly wiped away his eyes with the sleeve of his shirt. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Name: Edward Eno] 
 [Rank Vampire Noble] 
 [Former Vampire knight of the tenth family] 
 It looked as if Edward was a vampire noble, the same evolution as Quinn. However, there was also a bit more information, stating that he used to be a vampire Knight. The same rank as Silver and Clark. 
 If he was to remember correctly, Vampire knights were selected by the leaders. They would select the strongest vampire Nobles to fill this position, and there were only allowed two per family. The current status was possibly due to the former tenth leader disappearing. 
 Thinking about all this, it reminded Quinn of his own quest, where he was to select two vampires of his own to become a vampire knights. What he was more impressed with though, was how strong Edward was. 
 Even though Quinn hadn't used his all during their confrontation from earlier. With only that, he could tell Edward was stronger than Clark. Perhaps even amongst the vampire knights there were those that were stronger and weaker. Which was starting to make Quinn rethink his position of strength when comparing himself to them. 
 The role didn't necessarily have to go to someone strong, but being trustworthy also played a big part when selecting someone. 
 Looking at Edwards' face, the happiness had gone away and now he had a more distinguished serious look. "I will not be played for as a fool!" He shouted. "There are many that know the tenth's name. You will have to do more than that to trick me. If you really do know Vincent, or someone has sent you, then you will have to prove it." 
 There was a slight pause in Quinn's response as he conversed with the system on what to say, after a back and forth he was finally ready to answer. 
 "When you were only 23 years of age, you confessed to Ashley Young. This resulted in a rejection, however it was not just once, but three times." Quinn replied. To this, Edwards' face started to go bright red with embarrassment. ��Not only that, but there is a scar on your right backside, for when she rejected you a third time, you claimed you wouldn't take no for an answer. To this she responded with a strike and a cut was made. If I'm not mistaken to this day you have refused to allow your body to heal it up. Also, you then went on to confess to..." 
 "Stop! Stop! Stop! Please no more!!!" Edward shouted and pleaded. "I believe you know, Vincent. Although why he would share those personal things with you is beyond me. If he is still alive, I shall beat him down to his grave once again." He said as he stomped his foot on the ground multiple times. 
 It was the first time Quinn had seen such an uncomposed and free vampire. Usually the others would make sure to keep up some type of image. 
 After releasing his anger out on the floor, Edward had many questions he wanted to ask. 
 "So how is he, is he still alive? Did he ever fulfil his wish?" Although Edward had asked these questions, Quinn had no clue about the answers were himself. Even after waiting a while, it seemed like the system wasn't giving him the answers either. 
 "I'm sorry, I don't know much, I was just told to come here and ask you for help?" Quinn replied. "What exactly happened here?" 
 If Quinn wasn't going to get an answer from the system, then maybe he could get something out of the old man in front of him. 
 Edward was unsure of what was going on, the person in front of him was surely sent by Vincent, yet he knew nothing. Looking at the two kids again, he realised they really must have been young. 
 "I suppose I already know the answer to what happened to him." Edward said as he let out a big sigh. "Please follow me." 
 The three of them started to walk up the staircase and started to walk through halls as they headed towards the throne room. While doing so, Edward explained. 
 "When he left, Vincent never relinquished his seat, and the flame continued to burn brightly. Before, there were many that thought he would return to us one day, and the Flame was our hope. However, soon the lights had turned off, and the flame was gone. 
 "With that, so was our hope of a leader ever coming back to us. The flame going out like that could only mean one thing, he had died. With no successor or no one to pass on, we thought the flame would never be lit." 
 "The most likely scenario was for a new family to be created. The ritual to be completed and a new bloodline to be formed. However politics as usual seemed to get in the way and in the end the Tenth and their people were left in a limbo state... forgotten." 
 "Until recently, news of the flame in the main castle being lit again had spread. Perhaps the tenth leader had never died, or a successor had come back. When I saw the lights in the castle light up. I thought the lord had returned. I'm sorry… it's the reason I lashed out at you two. I was expecting to see the lord and when I saw two kids instead, I overreacted to the situation without letting you explain." 
 The tenth leader had left, now it made sense why the place was rundown, unlike the other castles. However, it still didn't explain how Quinn's parents had managed to get the book. If the tenth leader was the creator of the book and Quinn had accidentally become the successor when opening it, why did they have it? 
 And why did the tenth leader decide to leave his people? Was it such an important matter? 
 Eventually they had reached the throne room, which looked quite empty compared to the rest of the castle. It wasn't a usual throne room, though. The room was located at the very top of the castle, but unlike the others, on the opposite end of where the chair where a wall would usually be. There was just a very large pane of glass. 
 Looking out, one was able to see the view of the entire city and all of the people down below. "It's beautiful." Quinn said looking out. 
 "This was the lord's favourite spot. He would often stare out that window, looking out at everyone. I remember when he had that specially made, he wanted to have eyes on everything going on at all times. He truly did care for us all. Unlike what the other families think." 
 Quinn continued to look out the window. When staring and looking at all the people down below, he felt different somehow. He started to imagine himself as the lord of a castle like this. How if all those people down below were his responsibility? If they relied on him to lead them and the weight of that feeling. 
 He couldn't tell if he liked it or not. Perhaps if he was faced with so many people's worries, he would have chosen to run away as well. But then he started to think of why he was here in the first place. To save Fex. If everyone down below was another Fex, perhaps even he would do everything in his power to protect them. 
 "Erm!" Edward said, clearing his throat, wanting to move forward with their conversation. "Sorry to interrupt, but there is an important question I have to ask. Due to the flame being lit. It is now known to everyone there is a new leader. If Vincent or this new leader has sent you here. Then I can only assume you know who it is, or where they are?" 
 Quinn waited a while before answering, and eventually the system had finally spoken. Who had remained silent since they had initially entered the castle. 
 "If we wish for him to help us, then we need to tell him everything. Inform him that you are the new tenth leader." The system said. 
 Not sure what reaction he would get, but thinking about saving Fex, he did as told. 
 "I have been sent here, because I am the tenth leader." Quinn said. 
 ****** 

 
	 Chapter 446: Follow the Castle light! 
 Walking towards the tenths castle, Timmy was leading the way without really knowing it, as the others would let him go in front. The castles could be seen from nearly anywhere in the settlement since they were so large and grand. The problem was though; they didn't exactly have numbers on them showing which castle was which. 
 And due to a large castle being placed in the middle and another large one right on the end. Logan couldn't even make any logical sense to an order of the castles. However, each castle was slightly different in design and the large banner bearing down from the top was also different from each one. 
 It was the family crest. A few times, Logan would see the family crest on certain students. An example of this was Xander, those that were within the inner circle of the family and not part of the pool. 
 Currently, the group was in what was known as the main area. Every vampire belonged to a family, but this was what was referred to as the vampire pool. The vampires that didn't have the families abilities and were able to switch between, hoping to one day rise into the inner circle by showing their strength. 
 The way of living wasn't bad. There were still nice houses all around, happy faces of the people and shops. It looked just like any regular human town, apart from the place being in darkness the whole time. While walking, Logan was a little afraid that Timmy would just be walking to his own house, which would be located in the pool area. Which meant they wouldn't be able to go to the tenth castle, but it shouldn't be too hard to figure out which was the tenth castle, he thought. 
 Cia was now practically clinging onto Layla's arm as the two of them walked at the back. She had become even less talkative now, and it looked as if she wasn't really speaking to Layla either. The truth was, Layla was finding this a tad bit annoying now. 
 Thanks to her training at the school, she was able to control her own emotions now quite well and at will. If needed, she could use both of her skills without having to feed off Cia's negative emotions. Still, for some reason, frequently negative emotions were starting to seep out of Cia more and more, and not knowing what to do, Layla would still consume them for her, but she couldn't help but think this might be a bad idea. Perhaps Cia was becoming dependent on Layla now to lift her mood. 
 Soon she would have to stop, or find the root cause to what exactly was causing her negative thoughts. 
 As they walked, suddenly, everyone on the streets including Timmy who was walking stopped as they could see the sight in front of them. All of the people around started to point and look in one direction in particular. It was one of the castles. 
 Unlike the others, this castle wasn't lit up, until now that was. 
 "What's happening, did the tenth leader return!" Timmy said excitedly. 
 But soon after, the lights had gone off, but that didn't stop the people on the streets and such discussing what they had just witnessed. 
 "Guy's did you see, did you see? The tenth's castle lights went on!" Timmy said in excitement. Timmy wasn't exactly an outspoken or energetic person, so to see him this excited about something the others felt like this must have been quite the big deal. 
 "Yeah, I can't believe it, right?" Vorden said, trying to fake his excitement as well. 
 Now when walking and leading the way, Timmy was walking a lot faster than before. With each step he had a little hop and the smile on his face hadn't gone away. Looking at the others around though, Logan had noticed their faces mostly had a look of concern. 
 The good news was that Timmy seemed to be heading to the castle that had lightened up. He could only assume it was the tenths castle and now even if Timmy did live in the pooling area, they knew the general direction that they needed to go. 
 Finally, they had gotten quite close to the inner castle area and a wall not too high could be seen that seemed to split the two sections apart. Timmy continued to walk forward while the others stopped. For there seemed to be guards stationed at the wall that separated the two areas. 
 When Timmy noticed the others were no longer walking, he turned around. 
 "What's wrong?" Timmy asked. "Oh, is it because we are going into the inner castle area? Don't worry too much about it, I can get us in. I'm close with the former Vampire knight, Edward. He always lets me in. 
 "The truth is, me and my family don't live in the inner castle area either, but you see Edward is a really nice guy. Unlike the other families, they don't believe in their segregated tier system. As long as you are a part of the family, you are free to choose to be in the pooling area or in the inner castle area. 
 "He's told me multiple times that if it was up to him, he would have torn down these walls already, but unfortunately it's the current rules of the place. Besides, you know our situation is unique anyway, right?" 
 "You mean because there is no current tenth leader?" Logan replied, remembering from his research what he had found out. Still, when looking there was no reason attributed to why there was no current leader in the first place, so he had to be careful. Especially with Timmy. Since the two of them should have the same base of knowledge. 
 "No, I'm not talking about that." Timmy replied. "The fact that the tenth family has no set ability like the other families. It makes sense for them to segregate the two areas since those within the castle area know the family's abilities, but for us, who all either have our own ability or none at all, it makes no sense. In a way, I guess this is also why no one wants to join the tenths family and try to move up. 
 "Even if you get within the inner circle, what's the reward? You don't learn a strong cool ability like the others. Although my Mum and Dad said it wasn't always like this, before many wanted to join, but It never made much sense to me." 
 Timmy's explanation seemed to be all over the place for Logan to get any decent information. However he couldn't really blame Timmy. It seemed like it was like this for a reason, and there weren't many that actually knew the full reason why the tenths castle was the way it was. 
 Still, it wasn't really their problem, what was more important was they found Quinn as soon as possible. 
 When walking with Timmy, it was just as he said, the guards had waved them in no problem. They didn't even bat an eyelid as they walked past, as if the guards were just statues there for show. 
 For now, Logan thought it was best to continue following Timmy. They weren't even sure if Quinn was actually in the castle in the first place, and maybe they could learn more from this Edward person that Timmy wanted to meet. 
 Finally, they had arrived at the largest house in the inner castle area. It was hard to call it a house since it looked more like a mansion. There was a gate outside and a pathway leading up to the large door. 
 There was a metal knocker that was about the size of a human head, lifting it up. Timmy gave it a few knocks. 
 They all waited for a while but there was no response at all. "Thats strange. Edward is a hermit, he never leaves his house. I even used to get food for him from time to time." 
 He knocked again and this time also shouted. "Sir Edward are you there!! I wanted to ask what was going on at the tower, and the school told us you would tell us what was going on." 
 Once again there was no answer, and Timmy could only assume that nobody was in. Still it was very strange indeed. 
 "Well, should we just head to the castle?" Layla asked. "That's where the light turned on right? Maybe Sir Edward went to check it out?" 
 Timmy thought about it for a while before giving his answer. "The problem is, no one is allowed in the castle, and even then there is a circular lock on the front door. Edward is the only one that knows the combination so I don't even know how we would get in." 
 At that very moment Logan could feel the mask going off inside his backpack. He made sure to keep a spider inside, that would notify him if it was receiving any messages. He decided to do this incase of times like these. 
 "Logan are you there, I have an important message. Me and Peter are safe. We are currently inside the tenth castle. If you can answer this as soon as possible then we can come up with a plan. 
 "It would be best if you could head to the tenth castle now." 
 Hearing this message, Logan decided to make the suggestion. 
 "I think we should check out the tenth castle just in case anyway." Logan said. 
 Seeing no harm, Timmy agreed and the group decided to head off towards the castle, after being split for so long, it looked like they would once again be reunited. 
 ***** 

 
	 Chapter 447: The tenth's ability 
 After hearing the words come out from the boy's mouth. Edward couldn't keep his own closed, it was left wide open as his mind was slowly processing everything that was happening. 
 "I'm-mmm sorry, do you mind repeating that?" Edward asked, stuttering his words and fumbling over them. 
 "Are you deaf, old man?" Peter said. "He said he is the tenth leader." 
 At any moment, Edward wanted to be woken up from this nightmare. The tenth leader was a mere vampire noble, and not just that, but his strength was nowhere near that of an actual leader. 
 Although he didn't want to believe it, now things were starting to make logical sense in his mind. Now he understood why the castle had lit up and when he entered why he saw these two. The castle had to be reacting to the very child in front of him. 
 "Oh Vincent, what have you done?" Edward mumbled. 
 Judging from the old man's reaction, Quinn could see he was not impressed and honestly he didn't know how to feel about this. He didn't really know what type of reaction he was going to get. Open with welcome arms, a celebration. Perhaps this was the more reasonable reaction from someone finding out a regular human turned vampire had become a human. 
 It was better that Edward didn't know this fact. If he did, he probably would have died from shock finding out the person in front of him used to be human. 
 "No," Edward said, shaking his head. "Vincent was a smart and clever leader, he must have had his reason for doing so. If you are the tenth leader, then I can assume Vincent had passed on his powers to you?" 
 "Powers?" Quinn replied back, confused. Was the man referring to the system? 
 "His ability, the tenth leader's ability. Tell me, he must have taught you his ability, right?" Now Edward was sounding quite panicked at all of this. 
 However, Quinn really wasn't sure if he had the tenths ability or not, was it part of the system, but that couldn��t be the case. Even vampires, just like humans, were only allowed one ability, and right now he had the shadow ability. If he remembered correctly, the system had stated that his ability was not the shadow one, so he didn't know much about it. 
 "You do not have my ability." Vincent said. "Just tell him the truth, Edward is a good man and I'm sure he will still help you. The fact that he is still here after all these years proves it. He is a strong vampire at any time he could have switched and joined another family. His title was relinquished when I disappeared, yet he still chose to stay." 
 Listening to the system, Vincent's words, there was a bit of sorrow in the voice. More and more Quinn was starting to wonder if it really was an AI system behind everything, or was his spirit somehow trapped in the system as well. 
 "Vincent taught me no such thing, I don't think I have his ability." Quinn replied. "What exactly was his ability?" 
 Edward placed his hand on top of his forehead as it took him a few seconds to regain his composure before giving an answer. 
 "I guess there is nothing to be done about that then. If he chose you to take his place, then he must have done so for some reason." Edward replied. 
 But Quinn was still unsure if he really was chosen to take his place or if the book just happened to come into his hands. 
 "You see, the tenths family is a unique one. It is the only family that doesn't pass on the leader's ability to all those close to him. The only one that is able to learn the ability are the leader himself and his chosen successor." Edward started to explain. 
 "You see, for the leader's power was a great one. It was the power of equivalent exchange. The power was limited to the creation in one's mind, as long as he knew what he wanted and had a rough idea of how it worked he could create it. However, the stronger the creation, the more he had to exchange to create it. 
 "He needed the materials beforehand, and much research was needed to be done. Most of Vincent's work was things related to alchemy, such as pills, potions and what not created from different beasts. Still, he did dabble in weapons from time to time, I believe you saw some of the creations he made below on display." 
 "The creations that are in your shop were also made by me." Vincent said in Quinns mind quite proud. 
 "This meant that the vampires belonging to the tenth would usually be considered quite weak compared to the other families, but it was not the case at all. During Vincent's time and even before the tenth family had power to rival the others. Due to his power, he was able to create items, potions, and other such things that would increase their strength. There were many who wanted to join the tenth family for this reason. 
 "But that all changed when he left. There were many who resented him, including the other former Vampire knight. Our power had decreased and become nothing. I thought if he had at least past on his powers, then maybe you could help out the tenth family once again, like he did before." 
 Hearing all of this, Quinn understood why Edward was so shocked to hear he hadn't learnt the tenths ability. It wasn't just the hope that a new leader had returned, but one with his powers as well. 
 It felt weird that Quinn probably disappointed this man in front of him, when he had absolutely nothing to do with it. 
 "Im sorry Quinn." Vincent said. "I know how you must be feeling. Part of the reason I never wanted you to reveal you were the tenth leader is because of this. When I left, I was unsure how the people who belonged to me felt. Perhaps finding out a new leader had returned they would put all their hopes on you, or perhaps there were some who felt angry enough to even go against you. Taking out their anger on you. 
 "There is also another reason, and that is to do with our politics. At some point in the future, a new king will need to be elected. The current thirteen vampires must vote and choose who will be the next king. With you still not being at the same strength level, you will become an easy target. 
 "They might try to force you to come over to their side, or if you are against them, others will target you. Getting rid of your vote. If you don't understand what I mean, they will take your life." 
 Hearing this, for some reason Quinn wasn't afraid. In the past something like this would have frightened him, but ever since coming here he had been so determined to save Fex, he already had the resolution. Not once even while fighting had he run away. And he felt the same now, was it because of his change every time he evolved. 
 Still shaking his head in disbelief, Edward couldn't believe Vincent hadn't told him anything, but suddenly something had hit him. How was this young boy elected to be the next leader? 
 The torch had gone away many, many years ago, and the kid in front of him didn't look to be above 18 years of age. Sure, a vampire could hide their appearance, but it didn't feel like he was doing that at all, or at least he wasn't at the skill level where he was able to do such a thing yet. 
 Had this kid ever even met Vincent before? 
 "Thank you for telling me about everything." Quinn said. "I'm sorry about all that's happened, and I'm not exactly what you were expecting. I didn't ask for any of this. And I'm sorry, but I am here to ask a favour of you. 
 "Vincent informed me that if I told you who I was, you would help me, and even though me and you are strangers, there is no one else I can ask." 
 Quinn paused while saying this, most of the words that were spoken. The system was telling him what to say to ask for help, but Quinn wanted to see the look on Edwards face, afraid that this could go sour at any second. 
 "I have a friend, his name is Fex, and he is to be executed soon, I wish to save him from this excution." Said Quinn. 
 Edward gave a look at Quinn up and down. He thought that the boy was crazy. Of course he knew about Fex, everyone knew about the execution that was to take place. He was to be publicly excuted and on the day all of the leaders would be present. To try to save him… it was a crazy task. 
 Then, an unexpected smile appeared on his face. 
 "I don't know why you wish to save this boy, but it's not my place to ask. My loyalties lie with the tenth family, and you are currently the tenth leader. So whatever you need, I will help with. 
 "You are one crazy boy, you know that… Just like the last leader. Still, there is a lot to do if you want to save him. The way you two are now, you will be killed before you could even reach the platform. If you want to save him, you two will have to get stronger. If you wish, I can train you. That is, if you are up for it?" Edward asked with the biggest grin on his face. 
 "Of course." Quinn replied. 
 ***** 

 
	 Chapter 448 Tell me why? 
 When asked about whether or not Quinn would be up for some training, Quinn didn't hesitate to say yes. The reason being he knew he needed to get stronger. Facing Edward opened up his eyes a little. There was more to getting stronger than just improving his stats. Even if he was faster, more powerful and had more stamina, these things couldn't replace skill. 
 On top of this, the higher his stats were currently getting, the less of an effect the increase was having when comparing them to the strongest of vampires. This was always going to be the case, but he didn't realise it would become apparent so soon. 
 For example, when Quinn first started, he had five strength, when he became a vampire his strength had increased to ten. His power had increased by double with only five points extra. However, if his strength was at fifty, and his points increased by five again, it didn't quite have the same effect. His strength would only marginally increase, and it didn't have the same effect. 
 All of the stronger vampires had high stats to begin with, so a few points of difference here and there didn't do much. It was all about skill and abilities. Edward managed to face both Quinn and Peter and even Vincent, the system, had said Edward was a strong and skilful vampire knight. 
 Of course, he wouldn't decline such an offer. 
 Before they would start their training, Edward decided that he would give them a tour around the castle. The reason he felt like doing this, was because he thought it was only right to show the future leader what his castle would look like. 
 While showing the two around the castle, Edward started to feel a little embarrassed. Most of the rooms, if not all of them, were covered in dust, and it looked like they had been emptied. It was as if not a single soul had ever even lived in the castle. 
 Apparently most of the castle was filled with just bedrooms. Edward explained that most of the families had a long history. So they had many family members that were closely related that would often live within the castle. 
 However, this wasn't the case for the tenth. So that's why most of the rooms remained empty even after he had left. Carrying on the toor, there seemed to be a research room and a library, amongst other things. 
 Looking at all the empty space and thinking about such a large castle being completely empty, Quinn felt like if he was to live here, it would have been an incredibly lonely place to be. 
 Eventually, while looking around, they came across a large door arching door that was just as big as the entrance. It was stationed near the main bedroom and had a strange symbol on the front of it. The symbol was in a circle looking shape that had several patterns running on the outside. Inspecting it closely, it looked as if it had been carved and the lines had a blue glow to them, similar to the crystals. 
 The door stood out compared to the rest of the places they had managed to see so far. 
 "What's behind there?" Quinn asked curiously, since Edward decided not to show them the inside of it for some reason and started to walk right past. 
 "That would be the previous lord's storage room." Edward replied. "I didn't mean to offend you, it's just that I don't have access to what is in that room. Remember the weapons that you saw on display? How I said they were replicas. Well, the real ones are kept behind here. And the only person who can enter or has access to that room, was Vincent." 
 Rather than a storage room. What Quinn was hearing in his mind was a room full of treasures. 
 "You already have access to the items in the storage room." The system suddenly said. "Everything that is in here is accessible in the shop. When creating the system I wished for there to be limitations, you see. I didn't want whoever got their hands on the book to have access to everything at once. I wanted the user to grow and learn, so in return for collecting the ingredients, the item will be transported from here to the system. Defeating the beast required for the weapons would make them not get ahead of themselves." 
 "The idea was that with the items that had been gathered, they could be used to create the weapons again, if need be in the future. However, I never expected you to reach this spot here right now. Unfortunately, there is no way for me to open the storage room door. If I could, there would be many items that we could use to help free Fex." 
 Hearing this, Quinn was more interested in how the book had fallen into his hands than ever. 
 "So, how did my family even get the book, I remember you said that if I came to the castle, you would tell me everything? I think I deserve to know." Quinn asked. 
 There was a moment of silence before the system eventually replied. 
 "I think it will only distract you from your current goal. Once everything is over and dealt with, then I will explain. Not just why your family has the book, but why I left the tenth castle and how it is all linked." 
 It wasn't the answer he was looking for, but it was a better answer than he had expected and the system was right. Such an important matter could quite possibly distract him and now wasn't the time for that. 
 With the tour over, Edward was ready to start the training with the two of them. After that they would need to form a plan on how to save Fex. 
 They had returned back down to the first floor, the reception area. This was because it was the biggest area in the castle that was mostly empty, void of objects being hit or destroyed. 
 But before the training could begin, Quinn felt a burning sensation in his chest. 
 "Are you okay?" Edward asked, concerned something was happening. 
 But it wasn't a bad feeling, this was something Quinn had felt before. "They're here." Quinn said. 
 Just then, a knock at the door was heard. 
 "Sir Edward, are you inside!" A young voice shouted. "We tried going to your house, but there was no one in. We were wondering what's going on…. Hello!" 
 "Is that Timmy?" Edward thought, recognising the voice. "Go ho.." 
 Lifting his hand, Quinn gestured for Edward to stop as if he wanted to say something. "You can let him in. My friends are with them as well." 
 As the door started to open wide, Timmy on the outside was getting excited. He had only seen the castle and had never even been this close. It was only due to the encouragement and being with the others that he felt like he could knock and touch the door, and now they were being let in. 
 Whatever was happening, he didn't want this dream to end. When the doors finally opened, he was greeted with the sight of not just Edward, but two unfamiliar faces that didn't look much older than himself either. One of them when looking at them had a smile on his face. 
 "You guys look good." Quinn said. This whole time he had a fear that something might have happened to them. Although he knew Layla was okay. He wasn't sure about everyone else. So it was a relief to see that none of them were injured or hurt. 
 "Boy, do we have some things to tell you." Vorden said, as he walked over and placed his arm around Quinn's head, bringing him in closer. "Hey is it just me, or did you get taller and more handsome? Am I right, Layla?" 
 Hearing this, Layla's face started to get hot, and she turned away, but couldn't help glancing and looking at Quinn's face. Once again, it had changed slightly, and he did look more mature and handsome than before. 
 "Peter, I'm sorry I couldn't help you in the dungeon." Logan said. "I wanted to come and get you, but the probability was against us. I researched and researched…." 
 "It's okay. I'm fine now, right?" Peter replied. 
 The atmosphere was upbeat as everyone was reunited, and Timmy was a bit confused at how these people came to know each other. Was this person a special person in the tenth family that he didn't know about? 
 However, there was one person who wasn't happy about the whole thing, and she was continually looking at Quinn. 
 She wanted to hold back until later; she wanted to ask when they had returned, but seeing him now, she couldn't hold herself back and she needed to ask there and then. 
 "Quinn!" Cia shouted so loud that it caused everyone to freeze in place. "I need to ask you… and please tell me the truth. I learnt earlier that vampires have the abilities to remove memories, not just any, but they can wipe out entire memories. Based on what Layla said to me before, I can only assume I knew all of you. So my question is, did you remove my memories, and if so, please tell me why." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 449 New evolution 
 The sudden emotional demand from Cia's mouth came at an unexpected time, but it wasn't like the others, including Quinn, never expected for this to happen. The more time she spent with them, there was always the chance that she would find out sooner or later. 
 However, Quinn had been suppressing this thought ever since seeing Cia. He felt a little guilty every time he looked at her and couldn't look at her directly before. But it wasn't all because he felt bad, no it was because when he looked at her he didn't truly feel bad. As if what he had done was the right thing to do. He felt as if his feelings were a little numb to the whole situation, and he was afraid it was because he was changing. 
 Still, he had a clear mind. Even if she looked to be broken down, and heavily torn by what was happening and he felt a little heartless. He knew she was right, and that she deserved to know the truth. 
 "Yes." Quinn said. "I was the one who removed your memories, but before you lash out at me, or anyone here you should learn the truth, or why I had chosen to do it." 
 Hearing this, Cia started to break down in tears, and the bystanders who were watching were left a little confused. Timmy was still wondering what was suddenly happening, and felt like he couldn't interfere in such a big moment, while Edward was trying to figure out why there was the need to remove another vampire's memories. It was possible for a vampire to remove another vampires' memories, but one would have to be far stronger than the other. 
 "Please Cia." Quinn said. "I think it would be best if you found out the whole situation from Layla, the two of you are more closely connected than you think." Quinn tried his best to reassure her in a calm voice. She was on her knees with her hands covering her face and the tears could be seen creeping through the gaps. 
 She felt lost. This whole time she was wondering who she was, what had happened to her and why, and the only people that seemed to care or looked after her, were involved in getting rid of her memories. 
 "No!!!!" She started to scream. "No! No! No!" 
 The screaming and sobbing was getting out of control. 
 "Can someone please shut her up!" Peter said as he covered both of his ears with his hands. "If she carries on like this, then maybe I'm going to do something." 
 Seeing the situation was getting a little out of control, it was clear no amount of words would get through to her at this time. Layla, who was still close to her, tried to embrace her with a hug, but Cia, ended up shoving her away. 
 "Get off me, how can I trust what you say now!" Cia shouted. 
 Seeing this, Layla felt like there was only one thing she could do. The dark smog surrounding Cia was heavy and denser than she had ever seen before. She had chosen to do this as little as possible from now on, but this was an emergency situation. 
 Using her hands and moving them in a circular motion, she was able to control the black smoke, and allow it to enter into her mouth and nose. The others who were watching couldn't see what Layla could see, so it all looked a little strange. 
 As the smog started to disappear, Cia started to automatically feel better. The negative thoughts were starting to go away, and she was starting to feel positive about it, but then when looking at Quinn again, they had returned and the smog with it. 
 Layla tried harder to consume the smog, and eventually when she had consumed every last bit. Cia's mind felt free, perhaps too free as her vision started to blur and her body felt weak. After swaying backwards and forwards, she eventually collapsed onto the floor. 
 "Is the shouting woman dead?" Timmy asked, still confused. 
 Logan had gone to approach her, and it looked like she was still breathing, and her heart was still beating. "I think she's just asleep." 
 However, after consuming all of the negative emotions, Quinn noticed that Layla was shivering. Her whole body was shaking from the top of her head to the bottom of her feet. 
 "Layla, are you alright?" Quinn asked, as he rushed over. 
 "Stay back, I'll be okay." Layla replied. 
 She had consumed too many negative emotions and the excess energy was now inside her body, but this was the perfect opportunity to show everyone how much she had changed. 
 She started to gather all the excess energy, and spread it around her body, and soon her appearance started to change. Her body started to get slightly taller, her two small bumps that were on her head started to grow into full-fledged horns, and as for her two side teeth, they had turned into large fangs. Although they weren't like the fangs vampires had. Instead, they were thick and large, going down to her chin if her mouth was closed. 
 When her transformation was complete, the shivering had stopped. 
 "Is that Layla?" Vorden asked, shocked by the sudden change. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Hannya, Evolved form: Chunari] 
 Using his inspect skill Quinn was able to get a little bit of information, but it didn't delve deeper into the details like last time. Although he was afraid to tell Layla what had just happened, as he started to remember the last time she had transformed, before she just had little bumps, but now she had full-fledged horns, could she really live with herself, and if they were to go back to earth, how were they going to hide that from others? 
 She clearly wasn't human. 
 "Oh a Hannya, now when was the last time I saw one of those?" Edward said. "How many more surprises will I be getting?" 
 Vorden started to look at her more closely. He started to think if you took away her two large horns, and tusk-like teeth. Then the increase in height and Layla's figure in other areas had greatly improved. Although some would think she looked like a monster. No one could doubt it was a pretty one. 
 He continued to stare, and this was frustrating Layla. 
 "Can you all stop staring at me like that!" Layla shouted. "I know what you are thinking, don't worry.... My evolution is temporary, I just needed to get rid of the excess power somehow and this was the best way. Once the power starts to fade, then my form will revert back to what it once was." 
 "I think you look kind of cool." Timmy said as he looked up at her. 
 The compliment was welcomed by Layla, as a smile appeared on her face. 
 Now that she had evolved, her abilities were also different as well, but there was no need for her to display them right now and would wait till later. 
 "Now all the drama has been dealt with, we can get back to the matter at hand." Edward said. "Who are these friends of yours, are they also here for the same reason as you?" 
 "Wait!" Timmy said. "You mean you don't know who they are either Edward. I was sure you would have known them since everyone here seems so familiar with each other." 
 This was going to be a hard one for Quinn to explain and he didn't really know where to start without having the two of them go into a panic. Especially since Quinn didn't even know who this little vampire who traveled with his friends was. 
 "If you wait a couple more minutes, then it might be easier for you to explain." Logan said. 
 For a second Quinn was confused, but after a couple minutes had passed, the scent of everyone there had come into their noses and he finally understood. 
 It looked like Edward was still getting surprises here and there and many was still to come. 
 Outside of the tenth castle, between the inner castle area and the normal living area. A few black blurs could be seen in the night sky passing by. It was a brief flicker and if one wasn't paying attention, they would have never seen it. This was indeed the case for the guards that was stationed at the tenths inner castle living areas. For they were half asleep while on the job. 
 These blurs were a pair of vampires who had been stationed at the tenth castle. Once they were far enough away from the tenth castle, they had continued to travel until they had reached their own castle. Reporting back about their findings. 
 They were inside a throne room and sitting their was one of the leaders with two men by his side. 
 "Sir, based on all the information gathered, the students have successfully returned to each of their families." The vampire reported. "However, there was one anomaly, and that is to do with the tenth castle you stationed us at. All of the people inside and outside of the inner circle had been accounted for beforehand, and when we checked it with the files, there seems to be an increase of four vampires." 
 "Four vampires that aren't registered heading to the tenth castle." The leader said. "The castle lights up signalling the possible return of the tenth. The punisher child with the prisoner was last seen heading towards the tenth castle, and now four new vampires are seen entering as well. It looks like soon there might be a big clash heading our way." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 450 Pick a side 
 When the smell from the perfume had worn off, a new smell started to enter Timmy's nose. He was standing right next to Vorden and the others when this happened. Then, something strange started to take over his body. His urges, his eyes immediately started to glow red on instinct, and he himself didn't know what was going on. 
 For some reason, his eyes and such was focused heavily on Vorden who was closist to him. His fangs started to naturally grow in size, and it felt like he could hear the blood rushing through Vorden's veins. If he was to concentrate hard enough, perhaps the flow of them going through his skin. 
 'That neck.' Timmy thought. 
 Before he knew it, Timmy had already left from his position and was pouncing towards Vorden. 
 "Timmy, stop!" Edward shouted. 
 Quickly throwing out his hands, Mist started to surround Timmy and a few seconds later he was yanked by the back of his collar and was dragged over by Edward's side. Looking at Timmy in his eyes, Edward started to speak a few words to him. Quinn watching this could tell he was using the influence skill to control Timmy, and soon after had returned back to normal. 
 Regaining his lost senses. 
 Looking over, Logan felt like he had made a slight miscalculation, when they had revealed themselves to Silver, although her eyes started to glow red, he thought it was out of anger, and in the end she did nothing and chose to just leave. Timmy's reaction was different. 
 "You idiots, are you trying to get yourself killed?" Edward said. "I don't know how you managed to cover your scent, but some of these vampires have never ever smelt or seen a direct human in their life before. They haven't gone through resistance training. It's only natural for the young ones to act like this." 
 Hearing Edwards' words, the others started to think about what would have really happened, if Xander had managed to get a hit on Vorden, and allowed his blood to be split. Would they have all pounced on him like Timmy? 
 With the current situation being the way it was, it was only best for Quinn to tell Edward about everything. If he wanted his help, and they were to make a plan then he would need to know the whole picture of just what was going on. 
 The group headed off to the dinning room where they could have a proper discussion of what had happened so far. Quinn asked if it was okay for Timmy to know about this, and Edward said he trusted him, so Quinn did as well. When they arrived, they sat down at the dining table and there were only two people that weren't present Layla and Cia. 
 The two of them had chosen to enter one of the empty bedrooms next to the dining area, when Cia was to wake up, Layla would explain everything to her as best as possible, and the others could catch her up on everything that was said as soon as possible. 
 All of the bedrooms inside the castle were luxurious and the bed itself was extremely soft, including the pillows. Layla gently laid Cia down on the bed before covering her with the quilt. Her strength was far greater in her current form than her previous one, so it was easy for her to carry Cia in her arms on her own. 
 Sitting on the edge of the bed, she looked at Cia's puffy eyes that were swollen from the crying. 
 "Cia, you are strong, you can get through this, you helped me at one point, so I will help you." Layla said. 
 After a few seconds though, Cia's eyes started to open again. The first person she could see was Layla, but she wasn't shocked or angry and was in more control than before. She looked around and could see they were in a dark room that looked to be unused. 
 "Where are we?" Cia asked. 
 "Don't you remember, we are still in that castle." Layla replied. "Don't worry, it's just me and you here. Whatever question you ask, I promise I will answer them." 
 Cia was still a bit groggy after all she had just woken up, but this was an important time for her. So she got her hands and started slapping the side of her cheeks repeatedly to wake up. 
 "I'm ready, please Layla, don't hide anything from me and tell me who I am and what happened." She asked. 
 "Of course, but it's a bit of a wild one, and before I tell you who you are, I should first tell you everything about me, because me and you are closer than you think." Layla replied. 
 Back in the dining room, the others were starting to tell their story to Edward and Timmy. They started off with the lab and went on to when the group was split up. Vorden and Logan explained their side first, with everything that had gone on with school. Including them asking Silver for help. 
 "It looks like we might be able to get more people onto our side after all." Edward said. "Although she is saying she will follow the rules always, it looks like she was looking for hope. Something more than just you guys, no offence. If we can show that there is a chance to save her brother, then there is a good chance she will help us." 
 "Wait, Sir Edward, you aren't really thinking of helping these guys save Fex." Said Timmy. "They already hate the tenth family. This would cause the family to be effected even more. Why would you go so far, who even are these people?" 
 And now it was Quinn's turn to explain what he had gone through. Instead of starting from the Lab that they appeared in though, he started from the very beginning. This way Edward knew about everything. He explained when he had first gotten the system and even went through meeting Fex and Silver. Everything that had gotten them to this point where they were now. 
 After explaining that, he carried on to talk to the others about what happened when he had attended the direct descendent classes and fighting Vampire knight Clark. He didn't go into any details of the fights though and only explained what happened. 
 Hearing the death of the students, Edward kept shaking his head in disbelief. 
 In the story that was said, it was also revealed that Quinn was the new tenth leader of the castle. Hearing this, Timmy couldn't stop looking in Quinn's direction. He couldn't believe a new leader was really selected, and he was sitting at a table opposite him. 
 "You are stronger than I thought if you were able to defeat a vampire knight. Perhaps I underestimated your strength." Edward said. "As for your familiar. I have no clue. The best person to ask about that would have to be the first leader. From your description it sounds like you have something called a Bone claw, but as I said I don't know much about it." 
 What had really interested Edward after learning everything though, was the book that was used to turn Quinn into a vampire. When explaining how it worked and how it got him stronger. Hearing this, he was sure of it, Vincent was the one who had created the book with his powers. 
 The problem was to create something so great, powerful and unique, there would have been a great cost. What cost that was exactly was what was worrying Edward. 
 "I think there has been enough talking done for today. Before we can come up with a good plan, I think we should get to training straight away. I can then assess your powers that way." Edward explained. "Everyone on this table is free to join if they wish." 
 "I'm afraid I will have to decline that offer." Logan replied. "Combat, and skill like training is not my forte. I have no basis to be improved upon like all of these here. Instead, I will spend my time trying to improve my own, and possibly our equipment. There is still some research I would like to do." 
 "Very well. Feel free to use the research lab. Vincent liked to dabble in strange things so I'm sure his equipment will come as of use to you." Edward replied. 
 "I feel I would also only get in your way, I will go check up on Layla and Cia, see how they are doing." Vorden said. "I have my own combat style and prefer to train on my own." 
 "Alright you three, follow me then." 
 "What three!?" Timmy asked. 
 "You know too much, of course you are involved in this now." Edward said. 
 With that, the three of them went off with Edward to head back down to the reception area to begin their training once more. 
 Inside one of the other castles the vampire knights and one of the leaders were speaking. 
 "Sir, are we not going to do anything about the tenth castle. Would you like me to report this to the first leader?" The knight asked. 
 "Don't, I still have yet to choose my side in this fight." The leader replied. "If the punishers have really returned, then it might mean there will be a repeat of the events that happened last time. Only then will I choose my side, and I'm sure the others are thinking the same thing." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 451 Jealous Vorden 
 There was a different reason as to why both Logan and Vorden didn't want to attend the training, other than the one they had given. Although what Logan had said was the truth about not needing to learn combat skills, the same couldn't be said for Vorden. 
 As Logan entered the lab located in the castle, there was someone behind him who had entered the room as well. It was Vorden. He didn't go to check up on Layla like he told the others and instead had followed Logan. The room was large, but just like all the others, it was mostly empty. As if everything of importance had been taken out. 
 Still, there were plenty of test tubes flasks and a load of other stuff that looked like measuring equipment that Logan had never seen before. Each new object he could see, he would place his hand on it, gathering further information. They were mostly measuring tools, but more advanced than the ones one would have on earth. 
 They were more accurate, gave more information and allowed them to further test a broader range of things. 
 With this, Logan started to gather all the things from the room and placed them onto the island table located in the centre. Taking out what he needed from the cabinets off to the side. 
 "So do you mind telling me why you're with me and not the others?" Logan asked as he grabbed an object and started moving it to the middle. 
 "Those red pills from the trials back at that place where we came from, they worked," Vorden replied. "I'm sure you already know, they not only worked but worked extremely well, and even now the effects from them haven't lessened." 
 Hearing this didn't put a smile on Logan's face though, instead, he looked a little frustrated and let out a big sigh. "And you just had to go and consume every pill, didn't you? Well at least I was able to gather some information before you did, and who knows maybe we can go back to the lab at some point and grab some more. But that wasn't the question I asked, why are you here?" 
 As always with Logan, he was pretty aware of peoples intentions, perhaps because he never tried to read the emotion and always judged things on facts and right now, it didn't make sense for Vorden to be with Logan unless it was because he wanted something. 
 "Now that you know the red pills work, you're going to try and test that green liquid right?" Vorden asked. "Well, if you're sure it's safe and it has to come down to it. I want you to test it on me." 
 Although Vorden didn't say it, ever since coming to the vampire world, he had been a little tense without his abilities. Thanks to Quinn gifting him the two swords he had managed to get by, but when fighting against Xander, one of the vampire teachers had interfered with the fight at the end and had stopped his attack. 
 According to the information that they had heard so far, it was just something called a vampire Noble that stopped him with no trouble. It wasn't a vampire knight or a leader at all. While Vorden was busy fighting regular vampires, Quinn had already defeated a vampire knight. 
 He couldn't imagine how much stronger Quinn had gotten within the short time frame. Before, Vorden would have never seen himself as the competitive type, but recently he couldn't help but compare himself to Quinn all the time. Sure, Raten with his duel abilities or Sil with his three abilities, had beaten Quinn in the past, but what about himself? 
 For the first time, Vorden was fighting as him and was still winning. He didn't know when Quinn had surpassed him, but something was calling inside him to try everything he could to catch up. 
 "Very well," Logan replied, as he took out the green liquid from his bag and placed it on the table. "Once I've looked over this again and again. If I am at least 90 percent sure it will do no harm and improve your strength, only then will I allow you to consume it." 
 Down at the reception area, Quinn, Timmy and Peter were standing in front of Edward. Each of them before coming down had gone to the tenths dresser for a change of clothes. It wasn't that their clothes stood out but at the same time didn't complexity fit with what vampires wore. 
 So far they could get away with it due to being young. Other vampires would just think they were trying something new since there was no uniform amongst the young ones. But now they were all neatly dressed in plain black clothing. Besides Quinn desperately needed a change in clothing due to his shirt pulling up showing his wrists and his trousers showing his ankles. After evolving, he had once again gained some height. The new clothes seemed to be a perfect fit. 
 "You're all starting to look like tenth vampires already," Edward said with a smile on his face. 
 "First I want to give you all basic information about what I will each be teaching to each of you, first of the Wight. As you should know, Wights have an incredible healing factor. It is far stronger than that of any vampire, even the vampire lords, and you should use this to your advantage. You can practically heal from any fatal wound. You might be hungry after but that's not so much of a problem. 
 "However, there is one place you should always protect, and that is your head. If your head is crushed, detached from your body or burnt, then you will never be able to heal again. On top of this, Wights have the ability to make Lesser Wights, from what you have already told me you had made two before, correct? I don't know your limit, but two is actually pretty rare. Most wights can make only one follower. 
 "What is good about this, is if your follower or lesser Wight you created is killed, it will allow you to make another one. There is just a limit to how many you can create and use at the same time. Your moves are a bit rough when you attack, but you are strong. 
 "Because of this, and what I mentioned earlier, I will be focusing on teaching you defensive martial arts, that will allow you to protect yourself. You should at least have a good defence." 
 Edward then moved his head on to the one next to Peter, which was Timmy. He pulled out a book and handed over. 
 "For you Timmy, I know you currently do not have an ability, which is why I am making you an offer to learn my mist ability. I will personally guide you and help you with this, but I can not always be there. This is an ability book that should teach you the basics. After, I can help you advance to the next levels and will teach you a few skills. 
 "Remember though I can not force you, once you learn this ability then that means you will no longer be able to learn the abilities of the other families, even if they were to recruit you into their families." 
 With the book held in his hands, Timmy's eyes started to sparkle. 
 "Sir Edward, I had already decided to never leave the tenth family. With this, I am forever in your debt. I can't believe you are giving me such a great book, and I will also personally be taught by a vampire knight." 
 Hugging the book tightly and twisting his body side to side, everyone could see how happy Timmy was. 
 "Finally, Quinn," Edward said, looking at him. "Just like with Peter I think we should focus on defence. I'm saying this mainly because you are the vampire leader. It is important that not only for yourself but for the future of the tenth people that you live." 
 "But I already have good defensive abilities," Quinn replied. "If I can, I would like you to teach me or help me be more versatile with my attacks. Fex had only taught me the basic vampire marital arts. I think if I was to learn something more advanced and combined that with my Qi, it would give me more attacking opportunities." 
 "Qi?" Edward replied, confused, not sure what Quinn was referring to. "Are you really sure you have good defensive abilities, it didn't seem to be the case when we were fighting?" 
 "That's because I didn't use my powers at the time," Quinn replied, as he activated his ability. 
 The shadow from underneath his feet started to flicker slightly until eventually, it had risen from the ground and was covering his back. 
 Edward didn't know how to feel anymore, he had just been shocked too many times now, time after time this boy was getting more impressive to him. Maybe if the fight had continued from before he would have seen something entirely different. 
 "So you're the so-called punisher that has everyone In a panic huh, and also the tenth leader," Edward said. "I bet no one in the council was expecting this. The tenth leader returning and at the same time with the fourteenths castle's lost power. 
 "Okay, let's see how good or strong you are. I want you to fight me again, but this time, don't hold anything back." 
 With Peter and Timmy standing off to the side, they carefully watched as they were about to see two strong vampires face of head to head. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 452 A new skill 
 Although Edward had told Quinn to take the fight seriously and to use everything he had. There was never a worry in his mind that he would be severely hurt in this fight. There were two main reasons for this, the first being his unique ability. 
 As long as one didn't know the specific way it worked, to most vampires and even beasts, they would think that he was invincible since he was able to turn his body into mist. The second being the fact that he just couldn't sense the fear when looking at Quinn. 
 Perhaps it was because he could tell his evolution was only that of a vampire noble, and he knew he had recently become one as well. 
 Holding out his hand, Edward was the first to attack. "Blood spray." It was a move Quinn knew well, and suddenly a shotgun like spray of blood came shooting out from Edward's hand. 
 "Lets see your defensive skills then." Edward said. 
 The shadow that was hovering over Quinn's back immediately moved to the front, covering his entire body, and once it had blocked the attack, Quinn moved to the side. 
 This was training after all and was only meant for Quinn to show what he had, so he didn't charge in or do anything like he normally would. 
 "Okay, try again." Edward said, this time shooting out a blood spray once, and then a second time straight after. 
 But it didn't matter for Quinn if it was one or two. His shadow would be able to block it, but this thinking was exactly what Edward thought it would be. 
 "Blood control." 
 Splitting his hands apart, the blood followed as if he was using some form of telekinesis ability on his blood. Edward was able to control the flow of blood as he wished, and he had changed the direction of the attack. Instead of coming from the front, the two blood sprays now were coming from the side. 
 However, Quinns shadow was also able to react quick enough, and was split in two, forming two blanket-like shapes covering his sides and blocking the attack. 
 "Looks like your defensive skills really are impressive, I should have expected from the punisher's power." Edward said. "Now, lets see how you attack." 
 Once again, just like before, the mist started to fit the entire room, covering the whole space. The others could still see Quinn in the mist but had no clue where Edward was. 
 'Should I use the shadow void?' Quinn thought. 'No, it will be useless. It seems like the vampire knights know of the shadow powers and also now its weakness. Besides, more so than likely we will soon be facing multiple opponents. I can't rely on the shadow dome.' 
 A movement in the mist was seen, and Quinn throughout a punch, but it hit nothing and the mist was split apart once again. 
 "A punch to the stomach." Edward said. 
 Hearing the voice from behind, Quinn turned and threw out a kick and all it did was move the mist about again. 
 'Where is he?' 
 "A kick to your back." Edward said again. "You would have been hit two times already by now, I know you would have had the shadow to protect you, but the shadow won't last forever. Quinn, I can see you have been human for most of your life now. You are relying far too much on your human senses, sight, hearing, touch." 
 "As a vampire all our senses are far more heightened, than that of others and we also have new senses. When you faced Clark the vampire knight, or even went against Jin, the vampire leader. Could you not sense how dangerous they were?" 
 "That wasn't in your head, that too is one of our senses, right now if you want to find where my true body is, you need to focus on that feeling." 
 The voice was coming from all over, and Quinn tested and turned his head, trying to find out where the voice was coming from, but it was completely useless. Edward could see he still wasn't listening. 
 "Fine." From the mist, Edward went in for the attack. As soon as his fingertips were felt on the back of Quinn's collar, Quinn decided to use the flash step directly behind him. 
 A hand could be seen trying to touch where he was just seconds ago, but the rest of Edwards body still couldn't be seen. 
 "The flash step. What a skilful move." 
 The hand then suddenly disappeared, and once again fingers were felt on his collar, but Quinn wasn't fast enough to react as he was yanked down and thrown to the floor. 
 "But it's a move that all vampire knights know. Perhaps it's impressive for those around your age, but others will simply match you with this skill, making it pointless to use and just a waist of stamina." Edward explained. 
 The mist started to disappear again and now Edward was seen on the other side of the room. "That's enough of that, is that all the skills you have in your arsenal." 
 "No, there are still a few things I haven't tried yet." Quinn said. 
 From this far distance, there was a great skill that Quinn could use. Twisting his hip, he let his leg out like a whip, throwing out a roundhouse kick. "Blood crescent kick." Not wanting to damage his power, Quinn tried to put the minimal amount of Qi into it. 
 Still, it was enough for Edward to see that this power was different; it was greater than a normal blood swipe. 
 But as the attack moved forward, Edward continued to stand there, and when the attack hit his body, it had passed through him. Where the attack connected with his body mist could be seen as it went past, and it quickly disappeared after. 
 "That ability is so strong." Quinn thought. 
 There were still a few things Quinn hadn't tried using yet, he had his new Blood shot skill, and he had hammer blood strike as well, but it seemed like both of these would be a waste on fighting Edward. As all the attack should just phase through his mist like body. 
 Until he learnt how to hit his real body, then there would be nothing. 
 "You must try to find a way." Edward said. "Some of the vampire leaders' abilities are far worse than mine." 
 "Maybe I could grab him with my shadow?" Quinn thought. "It would slow down the use of his ability. More so than likely, Edward is able to control when to change his body into a mist like shape, but it can't always be like that otherwise he would never be able to attack or touch. Only because of his great timing is he able to switch." 
 "Also, Humans aren't the only ones limited by Mc cells, so were vampires, so if he could he would need to use his ability as little as possible." 
 "You know, when I fought against Clark, I was trying to think of a way to increase my attack power. During that time an idea came up in my head to try something new." Quinn said. "I was saving this for the vampire leaders. I'm sorry, but I need to test out if this works first." 
 "I can take whatever you have for me." Edward said. 
 A few moments later, and Edward was on the floor, blood spilling from the top of his shoulder. He was covered in sweat and was looking up at Quinn, who was standing above. 
 "I… Knew it, of course you would have to be special to become tenth leader. Not just anyone can become a family head." 
 "Master, perhaps one day you will be able to achieve that silly dream of yours." Peter said, watching from the side. 
 While Timmy was speechless at what he had just seen, he didn't even know how to describe it. 
 With Quinn's abilities measured, Edward had asked Timmy to get some blood packs that were located in the castle. When returning, both Quinn and Edward were given them to speed up the healing process. Quinn wasn't hurt, but he had used some blood attack and it was best to just get him back up to speed. 
 While they were resting, Edward had asked Quinn about how he had come across the shadow ability in the first place and Quinn replied truthfully. This answer seemed to disappoint him a bit, as if he was expecting something. 
 "Sorry, I just thought that after learning you had the punisher's powers made, there were others out there. But it seems like you really did just come across the power by chance. Punishers were very loyal to their own, and would do anything to protect each other, so I thought there was a good chance that others might come to help you, but I guess they really are all dead." Edward explained. 
 "Alright, next on the training list will be the Wight, as for you two though I have a special task." Edward said. "When Timmy gave the blood banks, I remembered that there was something I forgot to do. While I'm busy training with Peter, I want you to go out around the inner castle area and deliver everyone their blood packs for this week." 
 "What, why me, And won't I get recognised?" Quinn asked. 
 "I promise you that this is also part of your training as well, I wouldn't waste time when we only have a short time frame. The other families aren't allowed to enter the inner area without permission, and I know you are going to complain about the guards and how you guys were let in easily, but the other vampires will stay true to this rule." 
 "Now go out there and deliver some blood." 
 [New quest received, Deliver blood to the tenths people.] 
 [Quest reward????] 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 453 Race war 
 There was no shouting, no crying, no shaking, nothing. All that could be heard was silence as the two girls remained together in the room. Cia was doing her best to avoid eye contact, and Layla just didn't know what was going through her mind right now. 
 She had just finished telling Cia everything about herself, as well as her. 
 How she didn't know much about Cia's past but that both of them used to work for the terrorist organisation, known as Pure. She even later revealed the fact that Layla had broken off from the group and was now no longer a part of them. 
 Hearing all of this, Cia didn't really know how to react. When learning about herself, she didn't really know what to expect, but it certainly wasn't this. On top of it all, even though Layla was telling her all these things and she believed it, it still didn't feel real. 
 It wasn't as if through Layla telling her these memories they had suddenly become her own, for in her own head she still knew absolutely nothing. She could have said Cia used to be Santa Clause and it would have had the same effect. 
 This empty feeling in her mind couldn't be filled even after learning of her past. 
 Seeing this Layla didn't know what to do, but there was one thing she was sure about, it was the fact that her negative feelings were no longer there. She couldn't see the smog from before, and right now she didn't really know how to help her. 
 "You know Cia, there was something that happened before I really knew you," Layla said. "I used to have a friend, and due to some things, I had no choice but to send them over to Pure as well. At least there she was safe. Even though I knew what they did there, I just wanted her to live. 
 "When she left, I was a bit lost, I felt alone, but you helped me. Looked after me and looked out for me during that time, and I wanted to do the same. I don't know if you did so because it was your duty or mission, but I would like to think it was real and that was the real Cia. 
 "During our time that we have spent together so far as well. Even though you didn't have your memories, I would say you were more real now than before being influenced by Pure." 
 With those words, Cia started to think, she thought about whether it would be best to head back to Pure. After all, Layla only knew so much about herself but didn't know about her parents. What school she went to or anything. 
 According to Layla, the type of people Pure usually tried to recruit, especially at a young age had already lost everything. More so than not, they would have no family, relatives or friends, keeping the organisation completely secret. 
 "Thank you for telling me everything." Cia finally responded. "I can tell you actually care for me. Its why I'm even here in the first place, but can't explain it. I know you want me to move on, make new memories and try to forget about learning about my past. But it's like this empty hole in your mind, it feels like it needs to be filled. 
 "It's hard to explain. If you can… I would like it if you could help me get my memories back. Ask Quinn, ask the other vampires, it doesn't have to be now I know you are busy but please if you could do this for me." 
 She started to think about it for a while. The main problem was if she was to have her memories returned, then quite possibly she would go back to pure and report everything that happened so far. That was if she could even have her memories returned which Layla still wasn't sure was a possibility. 
 Seeing that Layla was taking a long time to respond, she could guess what the overlying problem of the whole thing was. It was trust, and there was one way she could gain their trust if nothing was to happen. 
 "Even though I don't want to, there is one thing we can do if you don't trust me," Cia said. " As long as I'm with you, I think it will be okay, but if you can return my memories, then go ahead and let Quinn turn me as well. That way, you know I'm on your side, right?" 
 Layla was against this idea almost instantly as she replied back. 
 "No, you don't understand what we have gone through." She said as she thought back to what Peter had become. Her evolution wasn't so bad, but even she had her up and downs. Every time Quinn turned someone, it was a bit of a gamble of what they would become. "On top of that, you will no longer have your ability, your whole life could be changed with this." 
 "What life…" Cia replied. "Right now I have no life, I've only been at the academy with no memories for a month and here for around two to three weeks. The way I see it, even if I was a vampire, it would be just like I was born one. There's not much of a life to give up." 
 Layla wanted to try to say more, to convince her to stop, but looking into her eyes, she could tell that she had the same look and resolve as she did back then. She had already made up her mind. When saying this as a suggestion, she didn't hesitate. Perhaps even before asking, she had been thinking about it for some time. 
 "I…will ask Quinn about it. Ultimately it will be down to him anyway. I suggest you take some time to think about it and if you want you can go ahead and talk to the others, like Peter, who also used to be a human before all this." 
 While the girls were busy having their discussion, Both Logan and Vorden were busy away in the research lab. Correction, Logan was busy away, while Vorden was sitting in the corner on a stool, spinning around a plastic tube in his fingers. He didn't know how long he had been doing it for, but knew it was a long time. 
 "Any new information yet?" Vorden asked. 
 "This is the fifth time you have asked me that already," Logan replied, as a single drop of the green blood landed in a circle petri dish. "This is why Peter was the perfect assistant, he would be there when I needed him. Do as I asked and not ask too many questions." 
 "Well…?"Vorden replied as he could see numbers running on one of the machines next to Logan he didn't quite understand. 
 It took Logan a little longer since this wasn't his own lab. And he also needed to learn a little bit on how to use the newfound technology. Thankfully due to his ability, he was able to learn things quicker than most. 
 "You're right though, I guess the fifth time's the charm for you? Anyway, I have found some interesting things. The D.N.A. structure of the green blood, it seems to be a mixture of the beasts and…." 
 "And what?" Vorden asked. 
 "And Humans, believe it or not." 
 "You found all that out from blood?" 
 "No, the machines have some previous information on them from before as well. I guess this is just a reminder to us all." 
 "A reminder of what?" 
 "A reminder of what the vampires really are. Although Quinn is our friend and is a vampire more often than not, we forget he was originally a human. So perhaps using him as a standard for all vampires is something we shouldn't do. 
 "Let me ask you, with all these vampires here including the young ones and the ones at school. They all received blood packs correct? And they all had human blood in them. Where exactly are they getting this supply of human blood from? 
 "And I don't need to remind you about all those bodies we saw in the laboratory back there.. human body parts are just used for experimentation. 
 "You know I've been thinking if vampires always lived among us, then where were they during the first war? I could find no such report on them at all. But what if they never saw us, humans, as living things in the first place. If something was trying to destroy all the ants in the world, I doubt there would be many that would step in to safe them. 
 "To put it simply, I'm sure the vampires see us as nothing, nothing but food to them. And that's the problem, they still need us. This green blood that powers them up. Might be the result of mixing both human and beast blood together. Perhaps the vampires were trying to create their own unnatural source. So they would no longer have to rely on us." 
 It was definitely a lot to think about, and Vorden couldn't say he hadn't thought about these possibilities either. The truth and matter of fact was that vampires were not the friend of the human race. They were another enemy. 
 If there ever came to a point where the human race and vampire race were to be at war, Vorden started to wonder just what side Quinn would pick. 
 ***** 
 For M.V.S. artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N.: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 454 A simple Ques 
 What Quinn had never expected was for him to receive a quest from the system after Edward had given him a task. At first, he was uninterested, perhaps thought it was a waste of time. He needed to improve his skills from training and such, especially since there didn't seem to be any beast of any kind in the vampire settlement. Which meant it would be hard for him to gain exp. 
 But now, seeing that there was a quest itself attached to the actual task, Quinn was a lot more interested, more so because of the rewards being hidden. In the one time this had happened before, he had gotten a few interesting things from completing the task. 
 On top of this, if he was to get exp then there was a good chance that he could level up a few times, bringing him closer to the rank of the vampire lord. 
 Quinn was waiting outside for Timmy to return. He had gone back in the castle to get the blood packs needed for their task, and then he would guide Quinn around to all the establishments they needed to go to. 
 Eventually, Timmy had returned with what looked like a crate with wheels on its back. There was nothing tied to it, and the front was a single round circle that resembled an eye. There was nothing attached between Timmy and the robotic crate, but it continued to follow closely behind him. 
 "Okay, let's get this done as quickly as possible, and then I can get to training the mist abilities as well," Timmy said, pumped up to do the task given. 
 Quinn nodded in response as he couldn't agree more. There was always the chance this quest was a complete waste of time, but the best way to find out was to get it done. 
 Following Timmy, the crate continued to follow behind him. They were only delivering blood to the inner castle areas, so there shouldn't have been too much. 
 "How many live in the inner castle area?" Quinn asked, trying to estimate how long this would take. 
 "How many live here and how many are meant to be here are two different questions," Timmy replied. "We are to deliver the blood packs to fifty different households. These are the vampires that are meant to live here. Although there are some that are from the pooling area that basically come and stay over here most of their time anyway, like me." 
 "A lot of the times I would come to meet Edward and help him do tasks such as this." 
 Eventually, they had reached one of the large households in the area. A few knocks at the door were given and an adult woman came out who was dressed quite nicely. 
 "Oh, Timmy is Edward not with you?" She asked. "I guess he must be busy with what happened at the tower earlier." 
 Timmy glanced behind him, looking at Quinn. The citizens and the tenth people would be completely shocked if they were to find out that the new tenth leader was right beside him and in front of their very eyes. 
 With a wave of Timmy's hand, the crate opened automatically. "Come on then," Timmy said. "Edward did say this was your task after all." 
 Looking inside the crate, a load of dry ice's steam could be seen coming out from it. What surprised him though was the fact that there were far more than fifty or so blood packs inside. There were more than a thousand of them. 
 "Please grab thirty or so blood packs for Miss Johnson." 
 Quinn did as he was told and grabbed them all in one go and passed them over, while doing so, Miss Johnson stroked the top of Quinn's hand during the Passover and placed the packs down by her side. 
 "You're quite the handsome one now that I see you up close, aren't you?" She said with a flushed face. 
 Quinn was not used to this type of reaction at all. When he was human, he had never been called handsome before. What he didn't realize was how much better looking he had gotten with each evolution. On top of that, with the added stats it would slightly alter his body each time. Improving it beyond someone his age. 
 Right now, Quinn was practically most girls' dream boy. 
 "Thank you so much for the delivery and I hope you can come again next time." She said. 
 With the door shut Quinn expected to see a quest complete notification, but there was no such thing. So he quickly decided to look at the status of the quest. 
 [Deliver blood to the tenths people] 
 [1/50 complete] 
 It looked like he would have to finish the task completely before he would be getting any type of reward. The only good thing was the task seemed to be relatively easy. 
 Seeing the blood packs there were a few things that Quinn wondered. He waved his hand over the crate and it opened just like it did when Timmy did so. Looking inside, there were really over 1000 blood packs. 
 "Why so many, for so few people?" Quinn asked. 
 "These blood backs are for everyone in the tenth family," Timmy replied. "In each family, there are 1500 people, so each person should at least get one. Usually, those that belonged in the castle would do this type of task and the workload would be split. But for Edward, he is the only one from the old that still belongs in the castle. Everyone else had left and with no leader, there was nobody to decide who would be considered as a close part of the family. 
 "So instead, we deliver the blood packs to those in the inner circle of the family and they will go on to deliver it to the others. However, this does come with its own problems. There are some vampires that come to Edward and say they never got their blood pack. The vampires could be lying just to get more, but usually, you can tell a vampire that is starving and one who isn't." 
 "So some of the vampires aren't delivering all their packs to the people, but you have no choice since there are only two of you doing this, but why?" Quinn asked. 
 "You have to remember that the tenths family situation is different. The vampires in this family are full of those that never wanted to be here but were forced here instead. They couldn't get into any of the other families, so they're stuck here. Edwards guess is that some of the vampires are trading blood with the other families to get their favor. 
 "If they can get on other families' vampires' good side, there is more chance for them to be recommended into the family. What they don't realize is these vampires from other families are probably stringing them on. If they really did invite them into the family, then where would they get their extra blood from, but people's dreams are an addictive drug." 
 Listening to Timmy, Quinn felt like he sounded a lot wiser than his looks. Perhaps he had to grow up fast living in a tough area such as this one, which gave him different views compared to others. 
 Quinn then went to pick up the blood pack from the crate as there was something else he was interested in. There were other 1000 different blood packs here. Unsure whether they came from the same person or different people, there was one thing he was sure about, it was the fact that they would make him stronger. 
 However, the second he picked up the blood pack, and this thought had entered his mind, a new system message had appeared. 
 [Warning, any tampering with the quest items shall result in failure of the quest.] 
 [Quest rewards will be void.] 
 Seeing this, Quinn immediately dropped the blood bag back into the crate and any ideas he had of consuming the blood were now gone. 
 If all the blood bags were from different people, then perhaps Quinn would have reconsidered and consumed the blood anyway, but when using his inspect skill he could see that most of the blood that was in there belonged to the same person. 
 Which was a worrying thought in itself as Quinn was starting to wonder just where were they getting all their blood from? For now, it was a thought he would shove into the back of his mind and ask questions later. 
 The two of them would continue to walk around and do as they did with the first household, and just like before, if it was a woman, Quinn would usually get given some nice compliments. 
 [25/50 complete] 
 They were about halfway done finishing their tasks and it had been a lot quicker than Quinn had expected, but he was starting to wonder why Edward had asked him to do such a task. 
 He has said it would somehow improve or help with his training, but so far other than the quest he saw no benefits of doing such a thing. 
 They continued to walk, when they started to enter a bit more of a rundown area, it was still in the inner part of the city, but the buildings here were far worse than the buildings before. 
 Not because of size or structure, but just because they hadn't been looked after. As soon as they had entered this area, Timmy was constantly looking around him as if he was paranoid. 
 "I have to warn you...," Timmy said, but he was quickly cut off, as a young adult stood in front of them. 
 A few seconds later and it looked as if they were surrounded by ten vampires or so. 
 "Is this what you wanted to warn me about?" Quinn asked. 
 "Yes," Timmy replied. "More often than not there are vampires that try to steal the crate of blood from us, and usually Edward deals with them." 
 "Haha," One of the vampires stood in front of them started to laugh. "That's right, and today it looks like Edward isn't here for some reason. Did he think it was now safe, that the tenth vampires had gone back to what they used to be? Loyal to the secret leader. Now little Timmy, you know you're no match for us. 
 "In fact, I doubt you would even be able to beat me, let alone ten of us, so why don't you just hand over the blood." 
 A little nervous, Timmy stood back to cover the crate, and at that moment, Quinn stepped forward. 
 "I know Edward isn't with him today, but you see Edward left me in charge of today's guard duty. Please, if you could go easy on me as well, that would be great." Quinn said with a smile. 
 Maybe this was part of the training. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 455 New Green blood 
 Inside the Lab, Logan had been working away hard, he was in the zone and he wouldn't let any distractions get in his way, in fact, he was so distracted that he had already grabbed a syringe and was on his way into sticking it into Vorden's arm. 
 He had yanked it forward and the needle was out and ready. 
 "What the hell do you think you're doing with that thing!" Vorden shouted back. 
 "Oh sorry, did I not tell you what was going on?" Logan replied, looking up at Vorden as if he had done nothing wrong. "I must have spoken in my mind again. I broke down all the components that were used to create the green liquid, and although I think it will do you no harm, I'm afraid it might not have any effect on you at all. This was a special serum that seems to have been created to make vampires stronger and not humans." 
 "Okay," Vorden said, pulling his head back while looking at the needle in Logan's hand. For some reason, it felt like he wasn't going to put it down anytime soon. "So why are you trying to get my blood?" 
 "Because, I know how to create the green liquid myself. If we use your blood as a basis, then maybe I can make something that will give you the same effect powering you. Just trust me okay and stop being a baby." Logan said as he was already planting the syringe into the side of Vordens arm. 
 A small pinch was felt, and the blood was quickly taken out. Not much blood was needed so a small little prick would do. 
 With Vorden's blood in hand, Logan needed to place the blood into one of the strange machines that would instantly give Logan the information he needed. After that, he would melt one of the crystals he had with him. 
 Combining these two blood types carefully with the right ratio was what was needed. Logan always had beast crystals on hand with him, due to the powers his suits used. It needed crystals for them to work, and it looked like they would be put to great use right now. 
 Placing the drop of blood onto a small white strip, Logan proceeded to place it into the machine, as it consumed it up. Rather than looking at the numbers, Logan placed his hand on the machine so he could understand everything it would bring up, even quicker. 
 However, that's when he noticed something strange. The machine had given him all the information he needed which was great, but something else was happening as well. 
 'Why would it be doing that?' Logan thought. 
 "Stop the process right now," Logan said in a stern voice commanding the machine, but it didn't listen and continued doing as it was doing. 
 A sick feeling had entered Logan's stomach. There was only one other time in his life where a machine had refused to do what he had asked, and that was back in the mountain cave. At first, Logan instantly wanted to let go, but then the thoughts of what Quinn had said to him back then had entered his mind. 
 'If I can't stop you, then I can at least find out what you are doing.' 
 Keeping his hand on the strange machine, Logan started to concentrate hard and find out just what it was doing. He noticed that it was trying to complete a task that was set up beforehand, one that he hadn't ordered. 
 Trying to stop the process didn't work, now he needed to find out what it was trying to do. Eventually, while navigating through parts of the system he could control and understand, he found the answer he was looking for. 
 It looked like not just this machine, but all the machines in the room were linked to some place else. Everything that was and had been done by Logan, the information was now being sent to some place else, what for, why or where, he didn't know and he couldn't find out. 
 The system had finished passing on the information, and there was nothing Logan could do. As he lifted his hand of the machine, he slowly walked back over to the middle island. 
 "Is everything okay?" Vorden asked as he could see a difference on Logan's face. 
 'I can't tell him his blood information was passed on by some machine to somewhere else. He'll start to ask me questions that I don't even know the answer to. Besides what can someone, even do with his blood information, more so than likely it's nothing to worry about, so I shouldn't worry him about it either.' 
 "Don't worry, just that this might take a little longer than I thought." Logan replied. 
 Continuing to work away, Logan stopped using the machines, but he no longer needed them anyway, for he had all the information he needed already. He melted down the crystal and went over to Vorden to extract more blood again, this time from his vein as he needed more this time. 
 Then, mixing the melted down beast core with Vorden's blood was the next step. He needed to make sure the right ratio was added at the right time, while continually mixing. The temperature also had to be hot enough to allow the crystal to remain melted and not solidify. Only when the two were completely mixed could the green liquid survive at the right temperature. 
 Seeing the concentration on Logan's face. Vorden decided to not say a word and after waiting for several minutes. Logan eventually placed all his tools on the desk. Inside a thick tube, a green liquid was shown that looked similar to the other one. 
 "It was a success," Logan said, with a smile and Vorden jumped from his seat ready to try it. 
 Meanwhile, the information that Logan had uploaded onto the machines was being passed onto a certain lab, but it wasn't just any lab. For it was the same one that was located in the mountains where the others had come from. 
 In a separate room hidden away next to the lab, a process had started. There was a large round glass container filled with a strange light blue liquid. 
 [New blood sample has been found] 
 [Initiating creation process] 
 Inside the container, a strange liquid was shot into it but it had quickly formed into a solid fusing with the liquid around it. 
 [Process has started.] 
 The sold object started to change into what looked like a baby, but the baby was quickly ageing, as it grew in size and formed into a young boy. Slowly the young boy's eyes started to open, and they were blue in colour. A few moments later and more changes were made as the boy started to grow and blonde hair could be seen, which grew to the point where it had reached his shoulders. 
 Inside the container, the object looked almost human, alive, but it certainly wasn't human. For on its arms and around the edges of its faces scales could be seen forming. Its round eyes were starting to narrow out, and eventually, a single spike could be seen growing out from the boy's back. 
 [The operation was a success.] 
 [Initiating trial phase] 
 The strange boy-like looked as if they had stopped growing. They looked to be around 16 or 17 years of age, but due to the process all happening so fast, it had no clue itself what was going on nor what was happening. 
 Before it could even be aware of its surroundings, the top of the container had opened up and a strange metal claw had come down and grabbed him. A few seconds later and the boy was being transported to an unknown location. 
 The boy tried to break free from the claw's hands, but it was too tough, and he still felt incredibly weak. Looking around, he couldn't see where he was for he was moving too fast, and eventually, the claw had let go of him, dropping him down. 
 The next thing he knew, he was in a small white room with a strange-looking robot standing in front of him. 
 "Welcome, please state your name and family number, and soon the trial will begin." The robot said. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 456 Quest complete 
 Quinn was brimming with confidence as he looked at the vampires around him. Perhaps it was because he could sense that they were all just regular vampires and that none of them were at the noble class. The same instinct that would usually tell him to run away, wasn't happening here. 
 He had felt fear when going up against certain vampires such as Jin, Clark, and Edward, but none of that was felt here, even though he was outnumbered. As for Timmy, who was standing next to him, he wasn't so confident. 
 He had seen Quinn training with Edward and managed to somehow injure Edward, but when doing so, it was because he had done some type of strange move that required the shadow ability. The thing was, out in the open like this, Quinn wouldn't be using his shadow to fight. Not unless he wanted to inform every vampire that the punisher was outside in the clear at the tenth's castle. 
 Little did they know that all of the vampire leaders already knew of such a thing but could do nothing about it. 
 Seeing an unknown Vampire's cocky face and a young one at that rubbed the other adults the wrong way. 
 "Don't kill him." The vampire in charge of the gang said. The leader was the one who stood at the front and had a mohawk like hair. "We don't want to get in trouble for killing someone part of the same family. Edward will then come after us, but make sure he remembers not to cross us again." 
 The vampires started to charge in and both Timmy, as well as Quinn, prepared themselves. Timmy was right, during this fight, Quinn wouldn't be using his shadow ability, however, he would be using everything else. 
 Seeing two vampires charge in front of him, Quinn threw out two blood swipes from his hand, while mixing them in with a bit of Qi. The vampires seeing this responded with their own. But they were in for a pleasant surprise when both of the lines of auras had clashed, for Quinn's had shattered there's in an instant and continued going forward. 
 It was unexpected, and the vampires ended up being hit by the powerful blow, taking them out of the fight. But it didn't distract the others from their goal. The others had already reached Quinn's position and started striking at him. Still, they were too slow. Each blow was avoided and not even a single scratch was placed on him. 
 Finally, using the flash step, he was able to reposition himself behind them, he quickly grabbed onto two of the vampires' heads, while kicking another two away. 
 [Active skill, activate!] 
 Using the gauntlet's power, they started to light up, and a few seconds later, a blue shock of lightning had come out of his gloves, stunning them and causing them to pass out. 
 The power of the attack was stronger than before, and there was a reason for that. Reading the description carefully again, it said that if there was another power source, then the cooldown time, as well as the power of the active skill, would be altered. 
 Right now he was testing out a theory of his, what would happen if he was to infuse his Qi with the active skill? This was the result of said action. It was able to knock out regular vampires. 
 Timmy was in the middle of his own confrontation and was busy fighting one of the vampires one on one. What this meant though, was that the crate was left unprotected. 
 Grabbing the crate from behind, a vampire was ready to push it away. 
 "Keep going, I'll keep this one distracted!" The leader shouted. After witnessing Quinn's display of skills, he never thought he could beat him now, but that wasn't a problem. Vampires didn't usually kill each other, especially those from the same family, so he wasn't scared. 
 What he was relying on was for his teammates to get just far enough so they were able to hide the stash of blood for later. 
 Trying to ignore the leader, Quinn was ready to go after the man in the crate when suddenly, his two feet felt like they were completely stuck to the floor. As he looked down, he could see some green like slime substance. 
 "An ability? Damn I didn't, expect a regular vampire to have one." Quinn said, and the other vampire now had grabbed onto the crate and was ready to go on the move. 
 Meanwhile, Edward had just gone through a round of training with Peter and was allowing him to rest. He started to think about how Quinn was fearing right about now. 
 "If you want to save Fex it will be difficult. There will be multiple enemies we have to deal with at once, and on top of that, we cannot forget the original goal. In this situation, I want you to think of the crate as Fex. While we will be busy fighting against multiple different opponents, they will be after him." Edward thought. 
 The crate was getting away and Quinn was stuck on the ground still. The goo didn't seem to be wearing off. Perhaps if he was calm, he could have figured a way out of the situation, but with the blood being stolen he could see his quest reward fading away with it. 
 "No, get back here!" Quinn shouted. 
 The vampire had moved the crate only a few meters away and had a big smile on his face. A few seconds later, though, and a dark black shadow had opened up right by his side. Then, a large boney claw-like hand had come out from the shadow and before he knew it, the crate had suddenly stopped. 
 As the vampire looked down, he noticed that his arm had been detached from his hands. His two hands were still left holding onto the crate.. they had been sliced off. Now the whole body of the creature could be seen stepping out of the shadow and Quinn could recognize it straight away, even if he had only seen it a few times he would never forget. It was the Bone claw. 
 It stared at the vampire in front of him, that still seemed to be in shock from what had just happened. It lifted its hand in the air, ready to deal a fatal blow. 
 "Stop!" Quinn shouted, and the Bone claw's hand stayed still in place. "This is not what I want." 
 The Bone Claw looked in Quinn's direction and stared at his face for a while. Then looked back at the vampire that didn't seem to be threatening at all. When such things happened to people, there were usually two types of responses. One would be, I'm sorry, and all they wanted to do was flee the scene and get out of there. While the other would be to curse the person who had just done this and fight to the death. 
 For this vampire, it was the first option, and the Bone claw started to slowly turn into mist, returning back to Quinn. 
 Looking back at the person he needed to deal with, he could see that the leader including the other vampires, had already run away. 
 With the fight over, Quinn had received something after all from the fight. With six vampires defeated he had gained a 100 exp each from beating them. 
 [600 exp received] 
 [Congratulation you are now level 24] 
 [1 free stat point gained] 
 [200/1600 exp] 
 As usual, Quinn placed the free stat point into his charm skill. Since it was the hardest one to gain points for. There was no natural blood type that would increase it after all. 
 Returning back to the crate, Quinn could see Timmy there. He hadn't said a word about what he had just seen, even though he had a tone of questions he wanted to ask. Instead, the two of them tried to help the vampire that had both of its arms detached. 
 Quinn held both of the hands-on top of the seared part while Timmy gave him some blood from one of the blood packs. Quinn was a little worried that doing so might have caused him to fail the quest, but as Timmy did everything nothing had happened and the quest continued as normal. 
 Perhaps it was because in the end, the vampire they were treating would have gotten a pack of blood eventually, anyway. 
 While waiting for his hands to heal, Quinn started to ask the vampire some questions. He was thankful and hadn't said anything so far while they were both helping him out. 
 "Why did you try to take the blood?" Quinn asked. 
 "Don't you already know? We were planning to give it to the first family. One of the nobles promised us if we gave them enough blood they would recommend us for a transfer." The vampire replied. 
 "After everything Edward has done for you all. You know he will look after everyone here." Timmy complained. 
 "You know there is no future in the tenth." The vampire said back. "What's the point of being here. We get mocked every day by the others, and there is no chance for us to learn a new ability. What else are we meant to do, I hate the fact that my family was born in the tenth." 
 The three of them remained silent, and once the vampire's hands were healed. Both Timmy and Quinn thought it was best to just let him go. They wouldn't be trying to grab the crate anytime soon, anyway. 
 "Have things really gotten this bad?" The system thought. "Was it really the right thing to do, to leave all these people to suffer like this, because of my own selfish desires." 
 The two of them continued the task of delivering the blood, and there were no more incidents like the last one. Finally, they had reached the last household, and Quinn was happy to deliver the last set of blood packs. 
 As the vampire shut the door, the sweet dinging sound was heard in his head, and the system messages started to appear. 
 [Congratulations you have completed the quest.] 
 [Instant level-up reward received] 
 [Level 25] 
 Just from the first reward, Quinn felt like it was worth it to go on this task. It wasn't that hard nor time consuming, and he had gotten two level-ups from it. On top of this, it didn't look like it was the end, as more sounds from the system were heard. 
 [You have gained the tenths families people's trust] 
 [A hundred reputation points have been received] 
 [A new title has been given] 
 [Edwards little helper] 
 "What the hell does this all mean?" Quinn thought. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 457 Title effects 
 "BLOCK, BLOCK, BLOCK!" Edward shouted as he threw out his fist in rapid succession. They came flying out one after another towards Peter. All of the strikes coming from Edward were aimed towards one place. Peter's head. The first two were parried away, and Edward was impressed by the speed he had seen so far. 
 Knowing full well that Peter was a creation from Quinn, it was an expected result. It only confirmed in his mind that Quinn's speed was great for only recently becoming a vampire noble. However, after blocking the first two attacks, the third one managed to slip through and hit Peter right on the top of his forehead. It flung his head back and with it, his whole body before he landed on the floor. 
 "I'm no slower than him, so why can he keep hitting me like that?" Peter said. "He's not even using his mist skills?" 
 But it wasn't his speed or power. It was precision, experience and the use of feints. Seeing how old Edward looked, there was no telling how long he had been fighting for, and it might have even been longer then Peter could guess, since vampires at a certain level could choose there appearance. 
 "Peter, I can tell you are different from the others just based on our short fighting sessions," Edward said. "Unlike Quinn or your other friends, you grew up most of your life trying to run away rather than fighting. Yes, I can tell you are different now, but you can't just all of a sudden naturally gain a fighting sense or make up for it with experience. 
 "The problem is we don't have time to train you properly. Years are needed to establish a good fighting core, not days. So instead, we are trying to create the best optimal solution for you based on your ability. Remember what I said before, the most important thing is to protect your head. No matter what it takes, if you get hit in a different position, it's fine. Forget about your natural instincts. Think of your whole body as a meat shield to be used." 
 It was a strange concept for Peter to get his head around. Of course, he would naturally try to protect his vital points other than his head. If a blow was coming toward this stomach, he would scrunch up and try to block the hit. The only plus side was he felt no pain when these attack hit. 
 But there were more reasons than this as to why it was difficult for him. Even though he knew he had an impressive regenerative ability, recently he had tried to get out of the habit of using his body as a meat shield. In his head, the more he got hurt it just meant he would have to consume human meat quicker. So he tried his best to get better at fighting, in order for it to never have to come to this outcome. 
 But, As Edward was saying, he was trying to not teach him how to fight but the best chance for survival. 
 "Okay, come on. Let's try again." Peter said as he lifted himself off the ground. 
 The two continued to train with Peter trying to train out his natural instincts and urges. If he could see a blow coming towards his head and he couldn't stop it in time, then it didn't matter if he was to get hit in another place. Jump, twist, turn anything. 
 If the blows were to hit and he was to get broken bones here and there, it didn't matter and bit by bit, it looked as if Peter was getting the hang of it. 
 Meanwhile, Quinn had just received the various messages and was trying to make sense of what they all had meant. The level up was handy, and that was relatively straight forward, but there were a couple of things he didn't understand. 
 The first being reputation points. 
 [Reputation points: 100] 
 [Reputation points: Go out and spread your name far and wide. As a future leader of the tenth castle, it is important that they are popular with their people. Complete tasks, help out the people, gain their trust and loyalty. The higher one's reputation is within the tenth city, the more likely one is to comply with tasks, help out when in need and listen to you when asking a favour. Be careful, for one's reputation can also decrease, to the point where they might be after your blood.] 
 It seemed as if reputation points were a value that was associated with how Quinn was preserved within the tenth's castle area. Judging by what the text had said, it was something only related to vampire leaders, and it looked like it would only be considered a factor when dealing with those within the tenth family themselves. 
 "If you ever did choose to become the leader of this place I think this will become quite important." The system said. "Think about it, one would be able to order their people to search for beast crystals, gather credits, happy to pay taxes to their leader as long as they thought he was a great person." 
 But Quinn had no desire to become the leader of the tenth family nor stay here, so he thought it was pretty useless for him. 
 As for the next system notification, it was something known as a title, but as Quinn reread the title, something about it seemed to rub him the wrong way. "Edward's little helper.�� If he could decline to have a title, this would be one of them. 
 It wasn't menacing, it wasn't fitting and it kind of made him feel a little useless. 
 [A title can be switched at any point and time. Titles will often give users additional stats or have an effect on a user depending on what title that would be.] 
 [Total amount of titles currently (1)] 
 [Would you like to attach the title of "Edward's little helper."] 
 [Edward's little helper] 
 [Title effect ] 
 [When completing Quests assigned by Edward, the user will gain an additional 10 percent of exp.] 
 The effect of the title didn't seem completely useless, and just to see what type of thing would happen, Quinn decided to equip it for now. He could always take it off and change it in the future anyway, so it didn't seem to matter too much. 
 What this title did do though, was open up avenues for new things to be explored. Maybe in the future, he would obtain a title that was more helpful for him in combat, as for what the requirements were to get certain titles, Quinn had no idea. 
 However, he knew from now on any quest that was given to him that had an unknown reward, he would most likely take and try to do. It seemed like he always got interesting things from completing such quests. 
 "Hey are you okay, you've been standing still for a while now?:" Timmy asked, at first he didn't want to interrupt, after seeing everything he was a little scared of Quinn. Especially seeing that familiar that he controlled, but Quinn had been standing still for some time now, and Timmy just had to ask. 
 "Yeah, I'm okay, sorry to keep you waiting. Are we all done now?" Quinn asked. 
 "Yep, let's head back to the tower and join the others." Timmy replied. 
 While Quinn and Timmy started to head back to the tower, Peter and Edward were taking a little break from training. Peter had been continuously hurt and healing a little too much. He had mentioned he was starting to get hungry. 
 This wasn't unexpected, and the castle had what Peter needed to regain his strength. After all, Peter wasn't the only undead creature in the vampire world. If he didn't have the food required for such a task, Edward would have never even tried training in the first place. 
 As Edward made his way to a special storage room, he came back out with a small box in his hand. Returning to Peter, he handed over the box to him, and Peter didn't have to ask as he could guess what was in the box. 
 At first, Peter was a little afraid of opening the box at what he was about to see. He had eaten human flesh many times before, but usually, it would be when he was starving. He wasn't starving now and only hungry so his mind was still all there and it just felt a little different. 
 Eventually, Peter gave in though, knowing that Edward and the others were just there to help and there was the chance he could possibly hurt a human close to him if he didn't consume the food now and the last thing he wanted to do was hurt his friends. 
 After opening the box, inside was what looked like minced meat could be seen. It didn't resemble a human shape or objects at all. As Peter picked it up, he could feel his body being drawn to the meat, and before he knew it, he was chomping down on it. 
 Knowing that his body hadn't rejected such a thing, he knew exactly what it was. 
 While watching Peter rest, suddenly a message was heard in Edward's head. 
 "Edward Eno, this is an emergency. You have been summoned to the main castle and have been asked to be present at the council meeting. You must come here at once." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 458 Testing the green liquid 
 As soon as Edward got the order, he knew he had no choice but to comply. The fact that they had sent the message directly to him and it was a summon too, meant that he would have no choice. If he was to ignore the order, then there would be serious consequences for doing so. 
 Before leaving, he decided that he would inform Peter of his departure but didn't tell him the exact reasoning for his leaving, only for the rest of them to wait for his return. 
 "And if you don't return back before the execution?" Peter asked. 
 There was a slight pause as Edward was thinking of how to answer this, as there was a good chance this might happen. Edward wasn't naive enough to believe that they wouldn't have some spies and won't be blind enough to not notice the tower lighting up. 
 If he didn't give a good enough reason for these things happening, then they could very well keep him at the king's castle. 
 "If you want my honest answer, I would say give up," Edward replied. "Honestly, I think it's pretty much a suicide mission with me, so without me, I wouldn't even give a percentage of your rescuing mission being a success. All of you will just get yourselfs killed. But knowing how rash Quinn has acted so far, I believe he would go through with the rescue mission anyway, so my words would only be wasted. 
 "My only piece of advice would be, don't try to defeat your opponents, it's a rescue mission, just grab and go." With that said, Edward was off leaving the tower. He had also informed Peter of the combination that was used to enter the castle. 
 Usually, he wouldn't tell anyone of such a thing, but Peter was directly created by the new tenth leader, so Edward knew he could trust him to be absolutely loyal. 
 'There might be a chance that you will never see me again. Make sure you surround yourself with good people, Quinn.' Edward thought. 
 With no training left to be done, Peter decided it was best if he was to go and try to find, Logan and Vorden to inform them of what was happening at the moment. As he started to make his way upstairs to the research lab, he noticed the two girls just leaving their room as well. 
 Cia was still following Layla behind, but she wasn't clinging onto her like before. In fact, she looked a bit like her old self, a time when she still had her memories. Also, Layla now was no longer in her new evolution form and had devolved back to the regular Hannya. 
 "Where's Edward?" Layla asked. 
 "Oh, about that, it seemed he had to leave in a rush. He didn't really tell me what it was about, but it looks like we might be on our own for now. How's she?" Peter said, pointing at Cia. 
 "You know you can just ask me. I am right here?" Cia snapped back. Not only did she look like her old self, But Peter was starting to think she was starting to act like she used to as well. 
 Ignoring Cia, Peter continued to talk to Layla. "Did she get her memories back?" 
 "No," Layla replied. "But I told her everything. Do you know if Quinn is back yet, she wants to meet him?" 
 Peter didn't really like Cia too much and wasn't even sure why she was brought on this trip in the first place. He still remembered their first meeting where she had attacked Quinn out of nowhere and to learn that she was a spy all along, but the opposite could be said for Layla. He knew that she genuinely cared for Quinn and as long as she was around she wouldn't let anything happen to him. 
 "No, he's not back yet, I was planning to meet up with the others and tell them about Edward," Peter replied, and at that moment, the two boys could be seen walking down the stairs together. 
 "Oh, what the hell, what's everyone doing meeting up in the middle of the corridor?" Vorden asked. 
 Peter explained to the two what he had just told Layla saying about Edward's sudden disappearance. The two boys seemed more concerned than everyone as they looked at each other. They knew something was up for a vampire knight that was so adamant in helping them to suddenly go like that, but right now the safest place seemed to be in the tenth's area. 
 As for what Logan and Vorden were doing, they were planning to go to the outside garden. Which was an open field located behind the castle. It was a large area with not many obstacles to get in the way. 
 What they had planned to do was to test out the green liquid Logan had just created. Having already created it once, all Logan needed to do to make more, was get some of Vorden's blood, which would be relatively easy. 
 Logan still had some beast crystals on himself, although he didn't want to use them all as he needed them for his own suit powers, after all, he would be a part of this rescue mission as well. 
 What they wanted to do was to test its power on Vorden and what better place to do so than outside. Inside, the castle looked a little too fancy. Yes, there were open spaces, but it was incredibly dark and hard for both Logan and Vorden to see. 
 They weren't vampires like the others. None of the lights really worked in the castle, making it harder for them to navigate themselves around. As for other rooms that did have a light source, there were many ornaments and other items that they just didn't want to break, so in their minds, it made sense to head outside. 
 After hearing what they were planning to do, the others were interested in this as well. If the green liquid was successful with Vorden, then maybe they could all use some. Especially since both Peter and Layla were sub classes. 
 Outside on the open field, with the moonlight shining, they could now see better. The others were stood off to the side, quite far away. 
 "What the hell, I'm not going to turn into some kind of monster or anything." Said Vorden. "Why are you all so far away?" 
 "I mean, you never know right, its green after all," Layla replied. "Maybe you'll turn into some green radioactive monster. Where all the clothes would rip off, apart from the shorts." 
 "Oh, it sounds like you're looking forward to that a little bit Layla," Cia replied, making her face go red. 
 Logan too had handed the syringe to Vorden, before walking off and away. Seeing everyone away from him and look at him like that just made him even more nervous. 
 "Hey, are you sure this won't do anything strange to me?" Vorden asked. 
 "As I said back in the laboratory, I am 99 percent sure you won't die," Logan replied. 
 "Wait, did he just avoid the question?" Said Vorden. "I asked if it would do something strange to me, not kill me." 
 Still, Vorden trusted Logan. He had helped out so much on this trip so far and on top of that, the red pills which came from the same lab had no side effect, so he doubted this green liquid would as well. 
 "Here goes nothing," Vorden said as he stabbed the green syringe into his right shoulder and started to push down, injecting the fluid into his body. All of the green liquid had been injected in, and Vorden threw the empty syringe onto the ground. 
 A few minutes had passed, and they all waited patiently as Vorden continued to just stand there. 
 "Well, anything?" Logan asked. 
 "I was kind of waiting for it to kick in. Like a surge of power or something, similar to what I felt when taking the pills." 
 The green liquid shouldn't have taken this long to have an effect. It looked like Logan for once was wrong, and the liquid was more complicated than he originally thought. It wasn't so simple or easy to create something that would boost the strength of humans. If he had found this out, it would have been a big discovery for the human race. 
 Still, Vorden decided that he would try out some moves anyway. Even if he didn't have any special feeling, it didn't mean it hadn't worked. Grabbing hold of his two swords, he was ready to try out some moves. 
 He grabbed on to his white sword and then….. 
 *BANG 
 Right in front of the group's very eyes, only a few meters away from where Vorden was standing, a big dirt cloud had formed, mud from the grassy field was chucked up everywhere. It was so sudden and fast, like a meteorite of some kind had fallen from the sky. 
 "What happened...? Vorden, are you okay?!" Layla shouted. 
 Eventually, the mud and dust had settled, and Vorden removed his arms that were covering the front of his face, to block any incoming debris from the crash. As he did, his eyes widened and his jaw was left wide open at what he could see. 
 For, there was a long naked older looking teen boy standing directly infant of him, but it wasn't just any teen boy, for it had scales slightly running up its hands and face, the main feature of it though, was the single spike that was on its back. 
 "Isn't that a Dalki!" Peter shouted, remembering the horror of when they had first met one before. 
 "Yeah, I think your right," Layla replied, but as she looked at the two of them standing opposite each other, she noticed something else. 
 "Hey, don't you think they look kind of similar?" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 459 Friend or foe, The Dalki! 
 Walking back to the castle, both Timmy and Quinn were relatively silent the entire way. Quinn was still busy trying to figure out if there was anything he could use these new reputation points for. It didn't really go into detail about what was a good reputation score to have. 
 He had a hundred, but did that mean he could really do anything? If he was to ask a favour from one of the vampires he had met earlier, he very much doubted they would do anything to help him. Especially if he started to ask them to rally up and storm the execution platform with him. 
 With no frame of reference, there wasn't really much he could do. During their walk, they hadn't encountered any troubles as they had before, but suddenly, both of them spotted something that seemed to be almost flying in the sky heading straight towards the castle. 
 "What is that, is it an attack?" Timmy said nervously. 
 Whatever it was, it was moving at an incredible speed and was heading right for the castle. It was too fast and far for their eyes to catch a clear picture of what it was, but Quinn was worried for the others. 
 'Have they found out where we are and decided to attack us?' Quinn thought. 
 With too much to worry about, both Timmy and Quinn picked up the pace as they headed back to the castle. Not wanting to leave the crate behind, Quinn lifted it above his head with his two arms and started bolting away. 
 Out in the castle's garden, the others didn't care what it looked like, but the single spike on its back was proof that it was a Dalki. How, why, or what it was doing here didn't matter. For some, the appearance was enough for it to send horrifying memories down their spine. 
 Logan had already gathered the spiders and started to form a special suit around his body. As for which type, he had chosen to go for defensive measures, creating a more blocky and large type suit. The edges weren't very smooth, and it looked as if the suit had many points and flat surfaces on it. 
 It was the first time the others had seen Logan use such a suit. It seemed he really had been preparing for fights against strong enemies. As for Peter, sweat was running down his face, he wanted to run in there and try to help Vorden, but his legs weren't moving. 
 "What's wrong with me…? Am I scared?" Peter said. It was a strange feeling for Peter in his current form because he didn't really feel much emotions or feelings, he had gotten more numb to them ever since his change. But it was clear he was frightened to his very core, as his legs were shaking. 
 Even when going up against the king tier beast, something like this had never happened before. He had gone in without hesitation, not caring if he was hit or not. 
 Logan watching from the corner of his eye, noticed this. Although Logan wasn't there, he knew of Peter's past. 
 'It's a normal response. Peter was almost killed by a Dalki. According to Quinn, it had created a large hole in his body. It looks like we might be a strong man down in this fight.' 
 As for Layla, she was the first one to act out of the group. She didn't let her negative emotions affect her and instead harnessed its powers into the palm of her hand, and the next second she threw out her attack. 
 "Spirit Chain." The attack was fast, but they were quite a distance away, so if the Dalki noticed the attack, then it would be something that would be easily noticed and avoided. Seeing how the Dalki had come straight from the air and didn't have any wings. They feared for its great power. 
 However, the attack had managed to hit the Dalki right in the centre of its stomach, as it remained there unmoving, looking at Vorden. When the attack had made an impact, the chains started to spread around the Dalki and connected onto the floor. 
 "Quick, attack it now!" Layla shouted. 
 It was loud enough for Vorden to clearly hear, and it really was the perfect opportunity. Instead, when looking at the Dalki in front of him. Vorden released his grip on the sword behind his back. 
 The Dalki looked at the weird chains that pinned him down. He lifted his arm, giving it a small tug testing its strength, and then a few seconds later, he gave it a yank breaking the chains completely. He did this with his other arms and legs and walked towards Vorden as if there was no resistance at all. 
 "How, those chains were even strong enough to hold Quinn back?" Layla said. She took out her bow and arrow and aimed for a perfect shot. And by now Logan was ready to go in as well. 
 "Wait, stop, stop!" Vorden shouted towards them. "It's not trying to hurt us." 
 "Are you crazy?!" Layla replied. "It's a Dalki. The enemy of mankind and it just appeared right in front of us for no reason. What else do you think it's here for?" 
 Although Vorden couldn't explain it to the others, he felt a strange connection with the Dalki in front of him. He didn't know what it was and when looking at the Dalki more and more; he noticed that not looked near enough identical to himself. Apart from the long blonde hair, nearly everything was the same. 
 The age, the size. The particular makings in areas of the body. It was as if he had found some sort of long-lost twin, but he knew it was impossible. 
 As crazy as Vorden's suggestion sounded, they too noticed that it really was just walking up towards Vorden. There were none of the usual bloodlusts as such that was present with the other Dalki's. 
 Eventually, the Dalki got within a touching distance of Vorden, and tilted its head to the side looking at him like a curious child. 
 "Brother…?" The Dalki said with its finger on its lips. 
 It was just as confused as Vorden as to why the two of them felt the way they did, but they felt like similar people. In a split second, the Dalki had moved out its hand, and its two fists were already in front of Vorden's face. 
 It was at a speed where the others weren't able to see, not even Vorden. If the two of them were to fight, there would have been a clear winner. 
 With its fists in front of Vorden's face, they started to wonder just what it was about to do. Then, it opened both its hands, and something had dropped from them onto the floor. Looking down at what had fallen, Vorden could see that it was many small red balls, but they weren't just any red balls. They were the red blood balls from the lab. 
 "What the hell is going on?" Vorden said. 
 "Gift for you, brother." The Dalki said. 
 Back at the lab, when the Dalki was chucked into the trail room. It had no clue of what was going on. It didn't really know what it was or what was happening, but it could think clearly and understood what the robot was saying. 
 It could speak, but it felt like it was very tiring, as it had to think before forming words and moving its mouth. But still, it was trapped in a room with nothing to do so it decided to answer the robot's questions. 
 It had successfully completed all five of the trials, defeating the Wendigos. At the end of each trial, it knew it had received a reward but didn't know what it was, so decided to keep it for now until it better understood what was going on. After leaving the room, it didn't know what to do. So, it had further gone into each of the other trial rooms and obtained all of the rewards and red pills from those rooms as well. 
 If one were to look inside the trial rooms now, they would see a broken robot, and a body full of Wendigos. The trial rooms would never be used again. 
 Then, at last, the Dalki had felt a weird connection. Something it couldn't feel before, but it felt like a missing part of its body was someplace else, and decided to follow and see what this feeling was at all costs. 
 That finally led the Dalki to the point where it was standing in front of Vorden. 
 All of the red pills that had been dropped in front of Vorden, were the pills from each of the trail rooms, and Vorden just stood there amazed. 
 "Thank you," Vorden said, and the Dalki smiled back at him. 
 'Are there really such things as friendly Dalki?" Layla asked as she rubbed her eyes, wondering if she was dreaming. "I can't believe it." 
 Logan felt the same way but had a dreaded feeling inside his stomach instead. Seeing that it looked like Vorden. A thousand different thoughts were running through his head, and he couldn't attach himself to a single theory right now. 
 But it didn't take long for something else to distract him, as a large white square object came shooting out from Logan's side and was sent hurling towards the Dalki. 
 It was fast and heavy and had landed perfectly, hitting the Dalki, and throwing him and the object across the field. 
 "Is everyone okay?" Quinn asked. The crate he was carrying was no longer in his hands. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 460 Two Days lef 
 2 Days remaining until execution. 
 These words regularly would repeat in Silver's head, and as the days got closer, it was becoming more of a reality for her. That was why she was where she was today. A place where she could find out an answer for herself. To know what she would be doing. 
 She was deep underground in the tunnels, these ones were far wider than the ones that were stationed underneath the thirteenth castle. That was because right now, Silver was underneath the king's castle. A place rarely used, even for the most vicious of crimes that had been committed by vampires. 
 Had what Fex had done really that bad? Was it so deserving that he was placed here, or was it the fact that he was a direct descendant that exaggerated the crime? She couldn't help but feel it was all wrong, as if the vampires were scared of something. It looked like what had happened years ago, had effected the vampires greatly. 
 To the outside and the vampire settlement, the council seemed joint and together with their decisions. But in reality, it was more split in opinions. Something that the others didn't see and what they chose to never show. 
 Eventually, Silver had come across a large open cavern with several doors. Each one had the circular lock mechanism on them, and there was the thinnest of gaps to allow oxygen to come in and out. There were no gaps large enough, allowing one to see the outside clearly like the other cells. 
 Standing in front of all of them were two guards who would be wearing the ninth family uniform, the guards of the tunnels. It wasn't hard for Silver to guess which door Fex was behind because, in front of his door, there wasn't just regular guards, they were the vampire knights of the ninth family. 
 Ever since the intruders had managed to rescue one of the prisoners, they decided to up the protection on Fex, even if they thought the two matters were possibly unrelated. Most of this was due to the cautious nature of the first leader. 
 Although Lee, the thirteenth leader so far had been willing in completing and doing everything that been asked, at the end of the day, Fex was his son. There was a little fear that perhaps he would act to save him. 
 "I'm here to see the prisoner." Silver asked as she approached the door. 
 "I'm sorry, but even a vampire knight no longer has permission to see the prisoner." The guard replied. "We are under strict orders to not allow anyone to see him." 
 This was unexpected for Silver. She had never been denied such privileges before, after all, she was only one rank off from being at the very top. 
 "It will be quick, and you can even come inside and monitor me if you wish, do you really think I would try to act now, with two vampire knights standing outside?" Silver asked. 
 "You know it's not about that, we have been ordered, and we shall do as asked." The guard replied. 
 Tensing her fist Silver was wondering what to do, she wanted to see Fex, no she needed to see him. To confirm her own answers of what she was about to do. 
 "Let her in." A deep voice from behind said. 
 As she turned around, she could see a large thick man, who was covered in armour from head to toe not allowing for one to see their face. It was the ninth leader, Muka. 
 "Sir but the orders...." The guard complained. 
 "Since when have you worked for someone else and not me. Are you saying their orders are above mine?" Muka said in a loud and angry voice. He was so annoyed he had even stomped his foot startling the guard. 
 He couldn't believe it, that one of his own vampire knights was even questioning him. 'Has the first's influence already gotten this far, is he planting his seed in everyone for the next election.' 
 "No sir, you have always been our leader, we follow your instruction and only yours." The guard said as he bowed down his head and allowed the two to enter. 
 "I hope you don't mind me coming to with you?" Muka asked, but Silver didn't really feel like she had much choice. He was practically saying she wouldn't be able to see Fex without him. 
 When the doors opened, they were welcomed into a dark room, that was bare of anything. It was large in size with walls black walls covering each side. There was no light source, nothing but a square room, and inside it, Fex could be seen handcuffed with his hands behind his back and his back leaning on the wall. 
 When the two had come in, Fex didn't even bother to turn his head to look at who was in, he only said one sentence. 
 "I…already…told..you..I know….nothbing.." Fex blurted out slowly, but his words sounded a bit messy and soft. It didn't sound like the same Fex silver had met a short while ago. 
 When the two of them got closer, Fex could finally be seen, and she had immediately rushed over. 
 "Silver, you musn't touch the prisoner!" Muka said. 
 She stopped in her place, just a short distance away. 
 "Look at him!" She shouted back, as she turned around, her eyes were fiercely glowing red. "You said I can't touch the prisoner, then tell me, who tell hell has been in here touching my brother!!" 
 As she stepped to the side, Muka could see that Fex was severely beaten. He was bruised all over, hurt and had several cuts to his body. His lips were busted purple and bleeding. For a vampire to get in this type of condition, one must have drained them of blood, making them hungry enough so their wounds wouldn't naturally heal. 
 "I…" Muka was frozen for words, the reason being, he had no clue who had done this. The only ones that knew the code to the king's cells were the ninth family, and the king. 
 "Answer me!" Silver shouted again. 
 This time, when Fex heard the voice, he noticed he recognised it, as he turned his head, he could see the glowing Silver hair. He knew it was his sister's back. 
 "Sis…" But before Fex could say what he wanted to say, he had collapsed on the floor. His energy was completely depleted. 
 This time, Silver rushed to Fex's side, and she wasn't stopping, but at the same time, Muka didn't call out for her to stop this time either. 
 He was still frustrated with how someone was able to enter this place without his permission, someone had gone behind his back. 
 "Fex, Fex…Tell me who did this to you, come on!" She cried, but Fex wasn't responding at all. She placed her hand across his chest waiting to hear a heartbeat of any kind, but it was faint, and it looked as if it was getting weaker and weaker. 
 "Muka, please get him some blood now!" She shouted. 
 Muka stood there for a while wondering what he should do, was this technically helping the criminal, but what if he was to die here? 
 'No, he must not die here, he will die on the execution platform, and I must bring to light whoever has broken the rules.' Muka thought as he walked back towards the entrance. 
 "Fex listen to me, don't give up you can't give up…" Silver said, as she held Fex in her hands. "You remember that vampire you told me about, well he's here. You were right about him.. I don't know how, but he managed to rescue the Wight. I'm sure, he and his friends have plans to save you as well. So please..don't give up..and don't die." 
 Continuing to have her hand on his chest, she suddenly felt his heart thump a little louder, and it looked as if his eyes had opened up a little. 
 "Qu…inn." He muttered out but quickly fell back into unconsciousness again. 
 This was it, if the other vampires and leaders had broken the laws that she tried so hard to follow, then why would she follow them. She had decided, she would do everything she could to save Fex. 
 As Muka had exited from the cell and went out from the doors, he suddenly stopped frozen in place once again. But this time it was at the sight he could see in front of him. For his two vampire knights that were on guard and under his command, were on the floor covered in blood. 
 "What happened here!" Muka shouted. 
 The other guards covering the other doors came over to give their leader a quick report. 
 "Sir, we really don't know what got into them. As soon as you entered the room, they both started to act strange. We saw them pull out their weapons and we thought that perhaps an enemy was coming here. Something they had spotted that we hadn't. 
 "The next thing we know, they had slit their own necks, killing themselves. We honestly have no clue why they would do such a thing." The guard reported. 
 'Just what is going on here?' Muka thought. Perhaps there was more behind this whole execution then he had initially thought. 
 "An emergency council meeting has been called. Will all leaders please proceed to the king's castle and head to the council room at once. An emergency meeting has been called." 
 It was a telepathic message that had been sent out from the eight family. Muka was just wondering what would be happening this time. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 461 Acting Tenth leader 
 It didn't come as a surprise to any of the leaders that another meeting would be called so soon. Each of them had learnt things that were going on during the time since the last one had been called. It was clear to every one of them, this simple execution and the problem with the Punisher, were becoming bigger and bigger. 
 As for Muka, before exiting from the tunnels, he had ordered his guards to deliver blood to Fex. He wanted to make sure he would be okay and survive until the execution time. Also, he had ordered Silver to leave the place immediately and to return to her castle. 
 At first, she had refused several times, that she wouldn't leave until she knew her brother was okay, and in the end, Muka had to pull his authority over her to send her away. But in truth, Muka was looking out for Silver. He feared that whoever had dealt with his own Vampire knights was possibly still keeping an eye on them. 
 He couldn't feel any extra presence, but there was a high chance this would be reported back. 
 If they weren't there right now, they would assume that only Muka new of the fact that what happened to Fex, and he didn't want Silver to be involved in all of this. He could see looking at her, that this whole thing happening with her family was taking a toll on her. 
 While on his way to the king's castle and council room, Muka was thinking about who could possibly be responsible for doing such a thing to Fex. If they were able to scare his own Vampire knights into doing such a thing, then it would have to be someone at least on the level of a vampire lord. 
 Knowing Fex had hidden the identity of the illegal, and now that the illegal had been saved by the Punisher. He could only assume it was one of the leaders that was afraid of the punishers return. 
 That would leave out, the fourth, the fifth and his own the ninth family. He could also take out the thirteenth family. Muka couldn't imagine Lee doing that to his own son, no matter how much he cared about the rules. 
 In Muka's mind, there was one clear suspect. The first leader Bryce. For a long time now he had already been acting as if he was king, going around and doing as he pleased without asking permission of the others. 
 It was true that he had the favour of most of the vampire leaders to be selected as the next king. If anyone was more afraid of the punishers return, then it would be him. But he couldn't make that bold accusation in front of everyone. It would be a serious crime to so so. Hopefully, when Fex had come to, he would be able to give more information on who had attacked him. 
 Finally, all of the leaders had made it into the room, and for once it looked different compared to before, that was because, in the tenth seat, there was someone sitting there. Someone they hadn't seen for a long time. The old Vampire knight Edward. As for the king's seat, and the seat that was opposite it. They both still remained empty. 
 "There seems to have been some interesting developments that have come up since last time." Bryce said. 'So I would like to continue the meeting form where we left of last time and so the same thing does not happen. I have asked Edward to come here as acting tenth leader for now." 
 The others new that possibly couldn't be the only reason why Edward was called, and as Bryce started the questioning, they quickly found out it wasn't. 
 "Edward, it seems that the tenth castle lit up recently. We all know the flame was lit up again a while ago. Has the tenth leader finally returned, or has a new one come into the castle in their place? Last time you were here, we asked you if you knew who it was, but you said you had no idea and hadn't been in contact with Vincent for years. Yet, you still seem to be loyal to him till this very day." 
 It looked as if Bryce wasn't trying to sugarcoat his words and went straight into the questioning. If these questions were so directly asked to the other leaders, then maybe they would have complained. But they too were interested in the lighting of the tenth tower, and at the end of the day, Edward was only a vampire knight, not even a vampire knight anymore, an ex vampire knight. 
 "I am still just as clueless as all of you," Edward replied calmly. "I was in my house sleeping as usual. It wasn't until recently that I found out of this information myself. I was in the middle of checking out the tower when I had been called for an emergency summons, so I have yet to find out the cause of this myself. 
 "But if you would like my opinion on the mater, I believe it was a false alarm. The tower only glowed for a brief second before shutting down again. If the leader or new one had really returned, then the tower would be still lit up even now." 
 Edwards reasoning had made sense to the others, but even a false startup of a castle had never happened before. So they didn't really know what to make of it. 
 "Okay, did you get the report about the Punisher and the criminal escaping to the tenth's area? We are still wondering how exactly they had managed to get the access codes to enter your underground tunnels. Besides that, have your men reported anything about seeing them?" Bryce asked. 
 "You overthink," Edward replied. "Do you think with the tenths power as it is, we are planning some sort of uprising? Anyone of the families could crush us like a bug. Please tell me oh, mighty first leader. Where in the world are we hiding this large army to go against you all. We don't even have a leader, and most of those who live in the tenth, hate the families guts." 
 Bryce stood up from his seat in anger, and his eyes flickered glowing red, he looked Edward directly in the eyes as he cast his influence skill. 
 'Tell me now, did you tell the punisher the combination to your underground dungeons?" The skill being used was strong, and it was far stronger then Edwards resistance, so he had no choice to reply. 
 "I did not," Edward replied in a monotone voice. 
 Just then, Bryce was about to ask another question. But suddenly, Muka stood in front of Edward blocking the eye contact made between the two. 
 "He already answered your question," Muka said. "May I remind you it is a grave offence to use your influence skill for an integration without the leader's permission." 
 "And who do I ask, you stupid fool!" Bryce shouted back. 
 "Didn't you say, Edward would be acting as the tenth leader for this meeting? Then you can not have double standards. Learn your place." 
 Muka didn't care for what was happening to Edward. He was never really close with the tenth family in the first place, but he was still extremely frustrated that his vampire knights that had recently been killed. He was almost certain it was Bryce's doing, whatever was happening he didn't want Bryce to get his way. 
 "Fine, we shall move on to the next matter. When asking about invading the tenth castle, the king had declined our access to enter the castle area." Bryce said. "He stated that we must get permission from the tenth leader themselves and if the tenth leader isn't present. To ask Edward, and that was my reason for bringing him here today." 
 It was clear to everyone that especially after what Bryce had just done, Edward would refuse. Even if he did have something to hide, most of the leaders would have rejected out of principle. 
 By now, Edward had come to his usual self and had heard the last statement. 
 "I refuse access to the area of the tenth, or his castle," Edward said confidently. 
 "Fine!" Bryce replied, slamming his fist onto the table. "Very well, then we shall start the execution procedures. Due to the nature of what is happening all leaders and at least a single vampire knight must be present at the execution. As for the tenths family, Edward shall take the role as the leader and will stay at the king's castle for now until the execution. This is an order coming down from the king." 
 As it was an order from the king, the others couldn't refuse such a thing and had no choice but to comply. They all felt though there was no need for every leader to be present for just an execution of a single boy. 
 As the meeting was cancelled and they all left the room, Muka caught a smile on Bryce's face, he had found out something, and most likely the information was from Fex himself. Was the Punisher going to try to save Fex as well? 
 Is that why he had asked all the leaders to be present. 
 Edward, hearing the news that he wasn't able to return to the castle, was worried. On top of this, all the leaders were going to be present. He had expected some, but not all. He couldn't imagine Quinn getting out of this alive if he was to go through with his plan. 
 "Vincent, where ever you are please protect the young boy." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 462 The return of Borden 
 Timmy turned his head to the right to look at Quinn. One second the crate was above his head and the next... At first, he thought that perhaps Quinn was being considerate since the crate was quite a precious and handy item that they often used for deliveries. Still, the next second it was no longer where it once was, and it was completely gone. 
 When looking across the field, he could see that the so-called special crate had been hurled away and had knocked over what looked like a teenage boy. 
 "What do you think you're doing? The crate! "Timmy yelled. "And that looked like an ordinary boy you hit!." 
 But Quinn didn't reply to Timmy's cries and yells, for he had a serious and concerned look on his face. When arriving, he had spotted the dreaded spike on the person's back. Without a doubt, it was a Dalki. 
 Soon after, the crate went flying up in the air, before landing back down, creating another crater someplace else on the field. Timmy was horrified at what he was seeing. First, the crate was damaged beyond repair and now the field. How was he going to explain all of this to Edward when he came back? 
 The Dalki stood still and looked straight ahead towards Quinn. 
 "That's no teenage boy. It's a Dalki!" Quinn shouted as he charged in. 
 "A what?" Timmy said, confused. Sure, the person in front looked a little different from an average human, but he didn't give off the presence of a vampire and looked more human than anything else. It was clear though, it was something Timmy had never seen or heard of before. 
 'The Dalki, what are they doing on the vampire planet?' Quinn thought. Seeing the single spike on its back brought back memories for Quinn. Back then he wasn't strong enough to defeat it, and Leo had come in to help, but Quinn had grown by leaps and bounds in strength since then. 
 'Shadow Equip' 
 'Wind Walk' 
 'Shadow control' 
 "Blood crescent kick!" Activating several skills, Quinn was ready for anything, and before getting close, he wanted to test his longest-range attack. His blood crescent kick. 
 As the red aura came close to the Dalki, it readied itself by crouching down slightly with its arms by its side, and when the attack was close enough, using all its strength, it took the attack straight on, hitting it as hard as it could. 
 The red aura was shattered. 
 But something had happened that the Dalki never expected. As it looked at its arm, it could see that a quite deep cut was made and green blood was seeping out from the wound. 
 "You hurt..me?" It was a surprise. The Dalki didn't know the extent of its strength, and it didn't know if it was weak or strong. When it first came to this world, it was chucked in to fight against hideous creatures, but none of them was a challenge, and not a single one had managed to create a wound on him. 
 This was the first time the Dalki had felt pain. 
 But instead of feeling weak, strange energy was felt surging inside his body, then at this moment, something else was felt coming out from his back. 
 "Oh, no!" Layla gasped as she covered her mouth with both her hands. "It's a second spike." 
 In an instant, the fight had gone from dangerous, to very dangerous. A one spiked Dalki would have been hard enough, and Quinn had no clue how strong a two spiked Dalki would be. Still, what he did know was the Dalki got stronger and stronger the closer they were to death. 
 So he needed to finish this fight as soon as possible, and with it, he would have to use his strongest move. 
 'I need to use it now, the thing I used against Edward.' Quinn thought. 
 Charging in, Quinn started to raise the shadow and gather it around his gauntlets. The Qi began to power through, and the skill was activated, showing a blue charge. Little bolts of blue lightning started to form in the shadow around the gauntlets. But this was only the starting point of the attack, there was still more to it before it was ready. 
 "Stop! "Vorden suddenly shouted as he had stepped in between the two. "Please, let me explain to him. Can you calm down for me…brother." Vorden awkwardly said to the Dalki, and it did as it was told as it no longer was crouched in a fighting stance, and the energy around it seemed to disappear. 
 'Brother?" Hearing this strange word, Quinn too had stopped supplying his gauntlets with Qi, but he left his shadow out, just in case something was up. Having a closer look at the Dalki, it did look nearly identical to Vorden, but without the long hair, and it seemed to be listening to him. 
 "What is going on?" Quinn asked. 
 "I know this sounds crazy, but I don't really know either. He only just got here. But please trust me, Quinn. I know he isn't here to hurt us. You can trust me, right..." 
 It was hard to believe that the vicious Dalki race that was at war against the humans was to do them no harm. But then again, a lot of the people here weren't exactly human, and it did seem like the Dalki was listening carefully to Vorden. 
 "Okay." Quinn said as he put away the shadow. 
 "A two spiked Dalki," Logan said. "Although I am glad that the two didn't have a fight. It would have been nice to see how strong a two spike was in comparison to Quinn. That way, we would have had some type of guideline to go by. And see if we were strong enough to stop him." 
 The Dalki walked up close and was now by Vorden's side. Quinn also walked towards Vorden, and now that he was closer, he really could see that there was next to no difference at all between the two, almost like a clone. 
 Although Vorden was quick to trust his lookalike, Quinn wasn't, and he had multiple questions on his mind about what just had happened in the short time he was away. 
 The others, who were standing by the side, seeing the three so close and nothing happening, decided to go come in closer as well, as they needed to all discuss what to do next. 
 Both Quinn and the Dalki were looking at each other intently, and Vorden in between felt a little awkward. 
 "Please, he is my best friend," Vorden said. "You can trust him." 
 "I believe you, I like your friend." The Dalki said as he gave a smile. "You are strong, I wish I could have thought you more, but I respect my brother's wish." 
 The more Quinn heard the Dalki speak, the less he could hate him. He spoke like Vorden and also seemed to have a soft, gentle face, just like when Quinn had first met him. There was also no bad intention felt behind his words. 
 Quinn hated to say it, but the Dalki did seem to be okay. 
 Now that Logan was close as well, he had noticed the wound on the Dalki's arm. The blood coming out of it was green. Things were really starting to confuse Logan, as he couldn't affirm what had possibly happened. 
 But then, something clicked in his mind as he thought back to the lab. It had been sending off information to another unknown place. Was this Dalki in front of them created, and was it because of him, but how was that possible. Wasn't the Dalki some type of an Alien race that waged war against the humans? 
 Was only this one created, or were they all created? There were too many questions, and the first one that needed to be answered for him was whether or not it was because of him, that this Dalki Vorden lookalike was made. 
 A sample of blood would do, and then he could use it to the sample and compare the green liquid he created for Vorden. If the two of them matched up, then he knew it was his fault. 
 "We probably have a load of questions for you," Vorden said, looking at the Dalki. "Do you mind if we go inside and ask?" 
 "I will be happy to, but I'm afraid I won't be able to help you out much. I shall still do my best to aid you." The Dalki replied. 
 "That's a good idea," Peter replied. "There are a few things I need to update you on as well, Quinn." 
 With that, the group decided to head inside. Still, there was one more thing that needed to be urgently agreed before they did anything else. 
 ��Wait!" Layla shouted as she stopped the group. "We can't just keep on referring to the Vorden look alike as "Dalki"." 
 "I'm, Dalki?" He said, pointing to himself. 
 "No, you're not Dalki. Don't worry, we will try to explain." Vorden said a little confused as to why he had never heard the word Dalki before. "Do you have a name?" 
 "A name…. A name I do not have. Why don't you give me one brother." The Dalki asked. 
 Vorden was a bit fluffed as he was put on the spot. He never thought this would happen, but Layla was right, they couldn't just keep calling him Dalki boy. 
 "I have a suggestion," Logan replied. "How about Borden? He looks like Vorden anyway, and it's different enough." 
 "You, have got to be joking," Cia said. "That is the dumbest name I have ever heard." 
 "I kinda like it," Quinn replied. "I was actually thinking of the same thing." 
 "Borden… Borden, and Vorden. The two brothers." Borden said with a smile on his face. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 463 Blood crystal power 
 While the group was walking back, Quinn was looking at the Dalki and thinking about something. He wasn't thinking about the Dalki himself. Instead, he was thinking about what Timmy had briefly mentioned before. 
 Now that he was no longer in the fighting raging bull mode, he had time to process everything. 
 "So, Timmy?" Quinn asked. "You really haven't seen anything that looks like Borden before. Or heard of the Dalki race?" 
 Timmy looked at Borden closely, the scales, the spikes and all sorts trying to think if he could picture it, anywhere at all. The world Dalki perhaps had been passed around a few times before, but he had no clue what it meant or was referring to. 
 "I'm sorry, but I really can't say I have," Timmy replied back. "Is it a special type of beast?" 
 Quinn supposed if one did look at the Dalki they really did just look like a strong humanoid beast. However, thinking about what Timmy had said, Quinn was starting to wonder what was going on. 
 In the past on the orange portal planet. The group had discovered an underground settlement. At first, Quinn thought it was a Dalki settlement, that was until Fex who was with him at the time said it looked exactly like a vampire settlement, stating that the architecture and materials used were the same. 
 Being in the vampire world now and looking around, there was some resemblance to what Fex had said. Although it looked as if they were able to work with the strange hard black materiel a bit easier now, creating smoother surfaces creating a more modern look. If he was to compare the two, one looked like an old settlement while the current place looked like a new one. 
 But it was clear what Fex had said last time was accurate. The vampires didn't really bother teaching the others about the Dalki, or what was happening on earth. Even though they had certain spies stationed on earth and it used to be their old settlement. The leaders clearly knew about it, so why choose to hide it. Or did they really not care about there past so much. 
 "System, before we met that Dalki that one time, did you know anything about the Dalki, and please, I want you to be honest with me?" Quinn asked. 
 "No, when you fought with the one on the desert planet, it was my first time seeing one as well. Remember when I was around. The human race wasn't at war with anything, and vampires still lived on earth." 
 The time periods of when certain events happened and such just wasn't fitting in Quinn's head, and it was starting to give him a headache. It felt like even if the system did tell him everything he knew, there would still be more that needed to be found out before he had all of his answers. 
 One thing at a time, right now they needed to find out why, and what the Dalki was doing here. 
 As they entered the castle, they once again decided to head for the large dining room and sat down in their seats. 
 "Wait a second. Where's Edward. Shouldn't he be here if this is something really important?" Timmy asked. 
 "About that, I needed to tell you guys, Edward said he was called for a meeting," Peter replied. "I'll be honest when he left he didn't have the best of looks on his face. He also said if he didn't return, remember we're trying to save Fex, not fight against the vampires." 
 Quinn wasn't stupid, if Edward had given Peter that message then it was more so then likely that Edward wouldn't be returning to them. So all they could do was move to the matter at hand. 
 The group decided that it would be best for Logan to do the questioning since he would be able to extract the most amount of information from their new friend. 
 "So Borden, earlier you said you had never heard fo the Dalki before, do you know what you are?" Logan asked. 
 "What do you mean? I'm like my brother, aren't I? He just hasn't gotten his scales out yet. I'm sure when I get better and stronger, I will be able to hide my scales and the spike in my back as well." Borden replied. 
 The group could tell this was going to be a hard one, and they would perhaps have to tiptoe around certain matters. 
 "Do you know why you are here, or how you got here?" Logan asked. 
 "The last thing I remember was being in a glass container full of liquid. I couldn't really see much as my eyes were all a blur at the time. The next thing I know, I was being yanked out by some strange claw machine. My whole body felt weak, as if I had just woken up. 
 "When the claw machine finally let me go, I was placed in a strange white room where I could see a robot. It said something about a trial and then dropped these tall looking strange creatures into the room. I finished all the trials, and that's how I got those red pills I gave to my brother from before. 
 "I thought if I waited that maybe someone would come by and tell me what to do, bored, I decided to go into the other trial rooms and complete the tasks in there as well collecting all the rewards. That's when I felt a special feeling, a type of connection and made my way here and found my brother." 
 "Wait, isn't he talking about the lab we arrived at when we first came here?" Layla said. 
 It certainly did sound like It, and Logan was beginning to think more, and more somehow he was involved in this process. 
 "And that's all you remember, nothing before that at all, how can you speak?" 
 "Yep, that's all I can remember. I have no memories other than that. As for speech, it was slowly coming to me, as if it was always in my mind. At first, it was difficult to talk. I knew what I wanted to say, but it felt tiring, but now it's getting easier. When you said the word Dalki, before. I knew of the word, I just didn't really know what it was." 
 Logan thought about what to say next for a while until he finally decided. 
 "Look, we want to be friends here, so I want to be completely honest with you. You and Vorden aren't exactly the same." Logan said. 
 Hearing this, the others felt like ducking or hiding under the table. Why would Logan review information like that so suddenly? Then they remembered Logan wasn't exactly the type to be on the cautious side when he thought about peoples feelings. 
 "But, I do believe you and Vorden are defiantly related. Maybe closer then you think. If you don't mind. I hope I can bring both you and Vorden together so we can learn more about you two. You can even learn about each other." 
 The others silently waited for a response, and then, a small smile appeared on Borden's face. 
 "Of course, that's sounds great. I would love to learn about myself and my brother more." 
 Everyone was relieved at the response that was given and was genuinely thankful that they had managed to meet a nice Dalki. Possibly the only nice Dalki in the whole universe. 
 "For now, I think its best if we all continue our training," Quinn said. "I know Edwards not here, but that's all we can do until the day. We will wait for him to come back and if he doesn't, we will leave here in the next two days." 
 With that said, Timmy went off to have a look at the mist ability book. Peter and Quinn reminded together as they would use each other as sparing partners. While the other three boys would be heading to the research lab together. 
 "Logan before you go, take this," Quinn said as he handed him a small looking bright red crystal. "It's something called a blood crystal. It's meant to hold great power, like that of a beast crystal, but instead, it comes from a vampire." 
 "Why are you giving me this?" Logan replied. "Do you wish for me to create a weapon for you?" 
 "No, apparently the crystal is too weak for something like that, and whatever you made would be weaker than my current weapon. So I thought maybe you would want to do some research and find a better use out of it than me." Said Quinn. 
 "You always do seem to bring me some interesting things." 
 There was a lot of work for Logan to do on his end in the next two days. He needed to find out information about the Dalki. Have a look at the red blood pills, and now he also needed to look at the blood crystal. 
 But, he wasn't one to shy away from work; instead, he was getting excited at the thought of pulling a couple of all-nighters figuring everything out. This trip was defiantly not wasted at all, and he was glad he had joined Quinn and his group on this task. 
 When eventually everyone had left the room, only the two girls and Peter was left standing by Quinn's side. They started to walk over, and Peter dreaded what they were about to ask. 
 "Quinn, can we talk to you about something?" Layla asked, looking towards Cia. 
 This was a conversation Quinn wanted to avoid, but new he couldn't keep running away from. It was better to deal with it now than before. 
 "Quinn." Cia started off the conversation. "I'm not angry at you. Well, not angry anymore, that is. I understand why you did what you did. To protect your friends, to protect everyone and your secret. Layla told me everything. What I wanted to ask, is there any way for me to have my memories returned? And hear me out before you say no. Maybe there isn't a way now, but I just want you to try. 
 "Think about it from my perceptive please, and if you think I'll change when I have my memories back, I won't. You can trust me, and I can prove it. I heard from Layla that vampires that are created from someone can't go against there leader, they can't attack them or go against there order. So I want you to turn me into a vampire. To prove that I won't betray you.... Can you do all that for me?" Cia asked. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
Chapter 464 The last day

 464 The last day 
 The suggestion by Cia that had been made was quite honestly one Quinn never thought about. He had always seen Cia as an outsider, even before all of this happened. Unlike the others, she hadn't known his secret and kept it hidden amongst them. So there was no bond, no time spent together, and she was right, there was no trust. 
 In fact, he was the only one that didn't even want Cia on this trip in the first place, but he had to admit the suggestion itself that was made wasn't a bad one. However, the main reason why he was thinking this was a selfish one. 
 Quinn was busy thinking about his quest, the quest to become a leader. Most likely completing that quest would come with several rewards, and one of them was to have ten people in the Cursed family. So far, there was Layla, Peter and Leo, which was 3/10. Honestly, to complete this quest, he didn't know who he would turn as there were a few downsides into turning people. 
 The first was not knowing what they would turn into. There were many different options, and some had major downsides such as Peter turning into a ghoul. The second reason was the loss of ability, and this was why he had never even thought about making the suggestion to both Logan and Vorden. Their abilities were strong and useful. More times then one if they didn't have them, they would have been dead by now. 
 And even Layla was yet to find a new ability for herself after losing the last one. 
 The important thing before any of this was, could he even return her memories? 
 "System, is there a way for Cia to have her memories returned?" Quinn asked. 
 "Through an action of yourself or through her own actions, it is indeed an impossible task." The system replied. "But it is not impossible. One of the leader's vampire abilities might be able to help you see, but I'm not sure if the ability remains the same, or if she is still the leader. At the same time, I very much doubt they would ever help a human." 
 It sounded like a long and complicated process and nearly impossible. They were just about to go against the whole vampires' structure and community, and that included the leaders. After these events, if they made it out alive, Quinn very much doubted that any of the leaders would be willing to help them. 
 Looking at Cia's face, Quinn was at a mix of what to tell her. Maybe the systems way wasn't the only way, and her memories could return eventually. This way, he would also have a strong ally. 
 "I'll think about it. It isn't a no, but it isn't a yes. I promise I'll let you know by the end of the day." Quinn said, as he knew he needed to make a decision quite fast. 
 "Thank you." Cia politely replied as she went away with Layla. 
 There were more than enough rooms in the castle for everyone to get a good nights sleep. But before they could enjoy the nice relaxing comfy soft beds. They were all busy doing their own things. Quinn and Peter were busy training away in the reception area. 
 With Edward gone, they felt like it was possible that there could be vampires on the outside keeping an eye on them, and for now, the safest place was the castle. Where the only people who knew the combination to the circle lock, were Peter, Quinn and Edward himself. 
 As for the two girls, Layla tried to fill her in with more detail about what had happened in her past, including things about Pure. 
 Timmy, he was worried about Edward, wondering why he hadn't come back yet. "What will I do?" Timmy thought. He didn't really know the others well, and although he had agreed to follow the tenth, what they were planning to do, it was too much of a big step for him. 
 Quinn had told Timmy, he didn't expect him to do anything. Just telling them where to go, and being their guide was helpful enough. 
 He looked at the book in his hands that was given by Edward. For once he had the chance to gain power, to be stronger than some of the other vampires. What was the point if he had this power, who was he getting stronger for? For the other vampire leaders? 
 Still, undecided with what he would do, Timmy knew he wouldn't waste this opportunity and opened the book. He wouldn't waste the gift and learn the ability given by Edward. 
 The ones that were busiest though was Logan, and the two boys. Having taken a blood sample from Borden, he was trying to see if the details matched up with the green liquid he had created. It wouldn't take long for him to find out the results, and after a short while, he had his answer. 
 "It was me…I somehow gave the information that was needed to create the Dalki." Logan thought. 
 It wasn't just a small match, but a complete match. It was clear in Logan's mind, that the information he had inputted into the machine was shared somewhere and it led to the creaion of the Dalki. 
 The question was why? Why was the machine set up in the tenths castle this way? Quinn's system had an Ai that was created by the tenth leader. The tenths leader had a lab that shared information from the sound of it to the original lab they first arrived at that belonged to Richard eno. 
 Where the tenth leader and Richard Eno somehow related, were they doing experiments on vampires, Dalki's and humans. Or was the Dalki a complete manmade creation, perhaps a vampire creation would be the more accurate term. 
 It was clear though, somehow the tenth leader was involved in Richard Eno, they could even possibly be the same person. So many theories were running through Logan's head, and he didn't have all the answers. 
 He wanted to talk to Quinn about it but now was not the right time. He had too much on his plate with the rescue mission. But as long as the rescue mission was a success and they were able to get out of here alive. Then Logan and Quinn needed to have a serious talk. 
 Not wanting to scare the other two, Logan moved on to look at the pills and Blood crystals. While doing this, Vorden was busy talking away to Borden. The two of them seemed to be getting on quite well, and Vorden was telling him everything that had happened at school. 
 How he had met Quinn and what they were doing here so far, how they were here to rescue a friend. 
 "Wow, it sounds like you have been through a lot," Borden said. "Well, a friend of my brother is a friend of mine. If you need any help, I'll take them out with this fist of mine." Flexing his muscle, which incredibly bulged in a matter of seconds. It had become so lean it looked like there wasn't an ounce of fat on him. 
 "But I have to ask?" Borden said. "This whole time you have talked about, Quinn, your friends and the others, but what about you. I want to know more about you. Don't you have a family or a past?" 
 Hearing this question, it had been a while since anyone had asked him about his family. It was a subject that he would avoid at all cost. 
 "That situation... is probably even more complicated than the one we are in now. Maybe one day, it will be resolved as well. I hope I can forget about all that and just continue hanging out with everybody like we are doing now. 
 "I know it sounds stupid, what we're doing is incredibly dangerous, but… I just like being with everyone." Vorden said with a smile on his face. 
 "When you are ready, you can tell me brother, and I will help you with that too," Borden replied. 
 After looking at the pills and getting as much information as he could, it was getting late, and Logan's eyelids were feeling heavy. They felt like it was time to call it a night. He could find out information about the blood crystal tomorrow. 
 Before going to sleep, Quinn decided to stop by and have a talk with the girls, and he was ready to give his answer. 
 '"I'm sorry, but right now, I can't turn you into a vampire." Quinn said. "First, I promise that I will look for a way to return your memories and I think what you proposed is a fair deal. But its too risky right now to turn you. We don't have time to figure out or deal with another problem if one does happen. 
 "On top of that, your ability is incredibly handy, especially for Vorden. I think as you are right now its best to stay the way you are. As I said, I think we have a deal, but let's do it after tomorrow." 
 Cia couldn't really complain about the response, as it was exactly what she asked for. Maybe it would take a little while longer, but she knew they would have to deal with the current situation anyway. 
 After a good nights rest, everyone continued to do the same as they had done yesterday. Everyone was kind of doing their own thing, but when all was said and done, once again they were to all meet in the dining room. 
 "As Edward hasn't returned, it looks like we will have to do this without him," Quinn said. "It's finally time, the execution is tomorrow." 

 
	 Chapter 465 Fex's birthday, the final day 
 Finally, it was the day of the execution. It was something that was meant to be a simple event, yet it had turned into a big deal and a grand spectacle. When a vampire was sentenced to death, it often was not done in public, yet this one was chosen to be done differently. And with it, it seemed like a problem after problem was occurring for the vampires. 
 At first, they were unsure if these events and problems that were accruing were linked, but now many of them were sure about it, they had to be. Muka the ninth leader, had been personally guarding Fex's cell ever since the events of that day. Since then, there had not been any new incidents. 
 What this also meant though, was that there wasn't much chance for him to do an investigation into what happened. Usually, he would leave such tasks to his vampire knights, but they were dead. Still, he had made a promise to Silver that he would look after Fex and that he surely did. 
 The circle lock combination was inputted in and the door to the cell was open. "It is time," Muka said. 
 The execution was to take place in the plaza. It was a large open circular area that was able to be filled with an insane amount of people and could easily accommodate thousands of them. Around the edges, it was filled with shops aligned by the side. 
 The vampire settlement was still just like any other town, where there would be restaurants and shops for entertainment and gifts. However, today all these places were empty, and the table and chairs that would usually be placed outside, were put away. 
 At one end of the large open area, a stage had been built. A large platform that was two meters off of the ground had been made just for the execution. 
 The time of the execution was close, and the plaza was now filled with nearly every single vampire in the settlement. A space in front of the platform had been cleared, as vampires from the first family acted as guards. Not allowing anyone to get within twenty meters of the stage. It looked more like a crowd of people at a concert as they all stared at the front. 
 The public execution was a big deal for several reasons, and it was the reason for the high turnout of people. Rumour had spread of it being one of the direct descendants. Everyone knew it was Fex, but they didn't know what crime he had committed. It was only during the execution that it would be mentioned. 
 The second reason was because the news about it had already spread, that all the leaders would be present. Not every vampire got to see what the leaders looked like, or would ever dream to see them in their life time. So this would be a grand opportunity for that. 
 In the crowd of people, everyone was waiting excitedly. Although there were some that looked more nervous than others. Especially those from the thirteenth family. There had already been a few incidents in the crowd here and there that needed to be calmed down. 
 Going through the crowd of people was a large chested blonde woman. 
 'I can't seem to find her anywhere.' Amy thought. 'Everyone in the whole school is here, I thought it would be easy to spot her. Where is she?' 
 Amy had been wandering around to see if she could find Layla anywhere, but so far she had no luck. She had enjoyed her time with Layla and was a little worried about her. She thought perhaps they could catch up after the execution was over. She continued to look around and eventually, she had run into a person that she wasn't really looking forward to seeing. 
 "Oh, it's you. I hate to ask this, but your pervy eyes might be better than mine. Have you seen Layla anywhere?" Amy asked. 
 Xander looked down at Amy. He didn't have a look of anger. He had a lot of time to reflect on his actions after everything had happened. And after losing two fights so close together, he thought that perhaps he had to work on self-improvement, rather than being so arrogant all the time. 
 "No, I haven't seen her, actually. And I haven't seen their little group that hangs around with her either." 
 "Oh, so you were trying to find her with your pervy eyes after all." Amy continued to tease Xander. She was one of the few people that could do this to him since they were childhood friends. 
 What they didn't know was they weren't the only ones that were looking for the strange little group. Most of the students were stationed next to each other in the crowd. This was because they got on and talked with each other better, rather than staying with their parents. 
 And standing by Xander and Amy's side was Frank and Snow. They too were looking around. Frank and Snow had sat next to Vorden during their time at school and although they didn't talk much. They grew a respect for him, especially after showing Xander his place. 
 'They left with Timmy, right? Why can't I seem to find him either?' 
 While Amy was still twisting and turning her head, she saw a small quick black object that was shifting through the people. It was coming her way until it eventually hopped up and landed right in her chest. 
 "Hey, what the!" Amy shouted. 
 It quickly hopped off the bouncy objects and landed on top of a small boy's head. 
 "Sorry about that. My familiar, I don't know what got into him." 
 And finally, there was one more boy in the group of students that was looking for someone else, that no one else was trying to find. It was Rokene who had asked his familiar to see if he could spot Quinn anywhere, not that he expected to find him, anyway. 
 "Don't worry." Frank said, "No one can blame your little black friend here for hopping onto those." 
 Amy was about to shout and complain, curse at the boys for being so inappropriate but suddenly, the sound of the crowd talking and fumbling about was heard as people started to walk onto the stage. 
 From left to right, one by one the leaders had entered and following behind each of them was one of their Vampire knights. 
 First, was Bryce Cane, leader of the first family, Second was Cindy Cha leader of the second family, third Suzan Toppy, fourth Jin Talon with Clark as his vampire knight. Fifth, Wendy Sunny, sixth, Vadeen Muscat, Seventh, Kyle Dawn, eighth, Jill Snacker. There was no sign of the ninth leader Muka as he was sent to get the prisoner. 
 As for the tenth leader, in replacement, they had Edward Eno, and there was no vampire knight by his side, he was all on his own. 
 The eleventh leader was next, David Scutter, the twelfth leader Prima Killton and finally the last to enter, was the thirteenth leader. Lee Sanguis. Lee looked a bit sick. Vampires were usually pale, but he was beyond this and his eyes had deep bags under them. 
 Many thought that Lee was heartless for what he had done to his own son. He hadn't even questioned the order that had been given, nor did he try to fight it. But seeing him now, it was clear the whole event was taking a toll on him. 
 Right behind him was the vampire knight Silver. As she walked on to the stage, she had a fierce look on her face and her eyes. Whereas Lee had the eyes of someone who had given up and lost hope, Silver's were fighting eyes. 
 Everyone looked at the leaders in excitement, stepping on their tiptoes and such trying to get a better look. These were the people who were in charge of them, the ones who they were aiming to please. The only shame of the whole thing was it looked like the king wouldn't be present, but it was understandable, as many of them knew the king was currently weak, soon to pass on the throne. 
 Nothing was said, as the leaders all stood there straight, with their knights in front of them. Silver was busy looking out onto the crowd. As if she was hoping to spot something, but even if they didn't come, she had already decided on what to do. 
 Finally, out from the side, Muka had arrived and behind him, were two-guards, each of them holding a heavy chain in their hand, that was connected to the prisoner who was in cuffs. The prisoner being Fex. 
 Silver seeing this felt a little better, as the wounds that were on him before had compelled healed. 
 'Thank you Muka.' She said to herself, but even so, her anxiety was still increasing and the palms of her hands were sweating as the time was getting closer and closer. 
 Finally, Fex was taken to the center of the stage, in the middle of all the leaders, and then finally Bryce walked forward to the front of the stage. 
 At the same time, a boy could be seen pushing through the crowd to the front, and eventually had reached the other students. 
 "Oh, hey Timmy there you are.." Frank said. "Where are the others?" 
 Timmy looked up at the stage and took a big gulp. 
 "They will be here soon." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 466 The punisher child 
 As soon as Bryce headed to the front of the platform, he did his usual to silence the crowd. They were all still rowdy and excited, but with three clacks of his walking stick on the platform floor, it immediately got everyone to stop. 
 With each hit, the sound somehow managed to be amplified, even though they were outside, it sounded as if it echoed to the point where everyone in the whole crowd could hear the sound. 
 "Today is the day that Fex Sanguis was born and came into this world, and today he shall be leaving it as well," Bryce said. The same effect was being produced by his voice as with the walking stick, and everyone could hear clearly. "The crimes he has committed are as follows. Harbouring and covering for an illegal, bringing in an illegal to our said world. Covering and refusing to give information on the original vampire responsible. Lying and withholding information to the leaders. Planning to go against the vampire council." 
 The last words Bryce had used were chosen carefully, but it was clear how others would interrupt it. They would see it as Fex being a traitor. it was saying it without having to say it. 
 Hearing these words, Silver started to grind the back of her teeth. It wasn't true, all Fex was doing was covering for a friend, he had no intentions of anything like this happening. If the council had only decided to give him a light punishment, Silver would have never gone to earth to inform his friends of what was happening. They would have never come here to try to save him and none of the events happening would of happened, at least this was what Silver thought. 
 But of course, they would pin everything that happened so far on Fex. It would never be the great council's fault. 
 "We have found that the thirteenth family have nothing to do with his actions. So their name will not be tarnished, Fex will have his name removed, and he will no longer be part of the thirteenth family. 
 "However, this also means that his position will no longer be considered when deciding his punishment for his crime. So we have come to the hard decision of this action. He shall be excuted by draining of the blood. A slit will be made from his neck, and his blood shall be kept and offered to another." 
 Bryce then lifted up his cane and drew out his sword that was hidden within. It was a simple design. It was relatively thin and small so it could fit within the cane itself. But going down the centre of it was a thin red glowing line, indicating that it was a blood crystal weapon. 
 Edward, who was stood behind the first, looked past him and out to the crowd. Yet the only person he could see was Timmy who forehead was now covered in sweat. 
 'I guess they won't be coming, after all, perhaps they changed there mind once they saw that all the leaders were present. That is a good thing. I understand you want to save your friend but risking the lives of many of your friends. It's simply not worth it. Live on and come back to your position when you are stronger and make them pay for what they have done. I hope I will still be around by then to see you bring the tenth family back up to its former glory.' Edward thought. 
 Just then, something could be felt moving past Timmy, like a gust of wind that made his hair flicker slightly and with it a whisper. 
 "Thank you." A whisper was heard in his ear and what happened next shocked everyone. 
 Suddenly, all the leaders felt something enter the empty platforms space. They turned to look at the open area that was in front of them, but they could see nothing. However, their eyes started to glow fierce red, and the audience could feel the pressure. 
 "What's going on?" Amy asked. "Did something happen?" 
 "I don't know but the bloodlust," Xander replied. "It's like they plan to kill someone." 
 Then, Bryce started to burst out in laughter. 
 "Ha, ha you think that silly trick would work on us. I guess the rumours were true, the punisher is but a mere child. And to think I brought out all the leaders for a single person." 
 When speaking, Bryce was looking in a specific direction, and so were the other leaders, but the crowd could still see nothing. 
 "I guess there is no use in hiding it anymore." A voice said. In the open space, out from thin air shadows started to flicker and disappear, and in its place, a boy wearing a demon-like mask could be seen. 
 "Quinn!" Rokene said. "When he said he was coming to save someone is this who he meant, but Quinn...What are you doing? You'll die fighting all of these." 
 Quinn had used his shadow cloak to get this far past the crowd and the guards that were keeping the group back. He was now stood in the cleared out twenty-meter range and looking towards the platform. 
 It was a shame that he was caught earlier then he thought, but it proved that the leaders were on another level compared to the other vampires. His shadow cloak hadn't fooled a single one. 
 While standing there, he started to think of his conversation earlier at the dining table in the tenths castle with the others. 
 "What!" Layla shouted across the table. "What do you mean you want to do this on your own, that will be impossible." 
 "You don't understand, a vampire leaders strength is far greater than even my own, I don't want any of you to die." Quinn replied. 
 "Quinn, I understand what you are saying, but we all knew what we were getting into when we joined," Vorden replied. "It's impossible for you to do this on your own. Besides, I think you're underestimating us. We have survived this far, and we can survive this." 
 "Quinn, you are thinking of our survival correct?" Logan said. "Then its better for all of us to go together. When I was doing my research, it seems there is a strict number of vampires allowed in the settlement. By now they already know that there is a higher number of people then there should be. If this mission fails, then we're stuck here and we're all dead anyway. 
 "Higher chance of getting out there alive is if we all fight together." 
 "Fine…But only if we are stuck in a fight. If I can go in and take him away, then there is no need for you to show yourselves." 
 As he was thinking about what was said before, Quinn was slightly frustrated. He had never expected all the leaders to be present at such a thing, even the system was surprised. If he was to use his shadow cloak to get closer, then he planned to try to go in and out, while Edward would fend off and fight against the others. It wasn't a good plan, but with how open and public the execution was there wasn't much they could do. 
 He was the fastest out of all of the group and had the best skill to hide. 
 "I don't know why you are so desperate to save this child, but I shall ruin your hopes here and now," Bryce said as he turned his back to Quinn and started to walk towards Fex on the platform. 
 'That was your plan?' Edward thought. 'Did you not have something else?' 
 'Wind walk activated.' 
 Using all his speed and strength, and activating his boots, Quinn dashed forward hoping to reach the platform. His shadow was raised behind his shoulders, ready to move at any time to protect him. 
 Seeing the shadow, some of the vampire leaders, although they didn't move couldn't help but have some type of reaction to it. 
 "He really does have the punishers power. But is he the only one?" A leader said. 
 'Let me deal with this." One of the vampire knights asked there Sith leader Vadeen. It was a middle-aged man who wielded nothing but an ordinary sword in his hand. 
 "Please, show this fool the power of the Sixths family," Vadeen replied. "And let us get on with this execution so we can go home." 
 Quinn had managed to move just five meters, and in that short amount of time a Vampire had come and stood in his path, but he expected this, and he wasn't slowing down for anyone. 
 He could tell the moment the vampire had made its move it was coming from the platform and he had already started his motion, by stomping his foot on the ground. The blood and Qi were mixed in together, and he was already preparing one of his strongest attacks. 
 "Are you not going to go down there yourself Vadeen?" Jin asked (The fourth leader). 
 "Huh, you make me laugh. That boy is nothing but a vampire noble, have your senses been dulled. A vampire knight is enough to take that fool on." Vadeen replied. 
 The other vampires watching had the same thought in there minds which was why they hadn't moved either. 
 "Do I have to remind you that he not only managed to get away from me, but also defeated my own vampire knight, Clark?" 
 "And you are an embarrassment to us," Vadeen replied. 
 The vampire knight, with all its strength, swung down its sword, and the shadow on Quinns back quickly moved into place blocking the attack. 
 "What's this, It won't move forward." The knight said. 
 The sword attack had been successfully stopped, and even using all his strength, it wouldn't move forward. 
 This gave enough time for Quinn to prepare the last moments. 'This attack was strong enough to beat that general Duke. So I'm sure it will be enough for someone like you." 
 Flicking his arm back, his right fist came shooting out. Mixing in the Qi, hammer strike and the blood spray. Preforming the Qi unfused Blood hammer. 
 The knight was fast enough to pull back his sword to block the attack, but it was useless. A loud bang was heard. The sound of the sword falling and hitting the floor several times was heard. 
 From the stage, the leaders could see the demon mask and face of Quinn cleary, for the top half of the vampire knights body was missing. The vampire knight fell to the floor and was killed with a single attack. 
 All of the leaders were now no longer looking at Quinn as a child, but an enemy to be feared. 
 "Kill him!" Bryce shouted. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 467 A split in the leaders 
 [A vampire knight has been defeated] 
 [Instant level up received] 
 [You are now level 26] 
 [Your stat point has been put into agility] 
 [You now have 44 agility points] 
 Getting an instant level up fro defeating the vampire knight proved that it wasn't meant to be an easy battle for Quinn. Two things had worked in his favour for the fight. The first being the fact that the vampire knight had underestimated his opponent. Never did he expect that an attack as powerful as the one Quinn had pulled would be used. 
 Although the Blood hammer attack was strong, there was a significant problem with it, and that was the fact that it took a long time for the attack to be used. Usually, Quinn would have never even had the chance to use it against an opponent of this level. 
 The second thing that helped him aided this, it was that the knight had never gone against the shadow ability before. He was unaware of its unique traits, and as his attack was stopped, he was left confused. It gave Quinn enough time to prepare his attack. Initially, if his shadow wasn't fast or strong enough to block the attack, he decided he would just take the attack dead on. Injuring himself but allowing him to perform a stronger attack of his own. 
 Although the attack was successful, it did come with its drawbacks. When using Qi with his attack, although more powerful he realised it would use up far more stamina than regular attacks. It was really a move that could only be used once, now that the others had seen it, they would be able to counter it or avoid it. 
 What it didn't change was the fact that a vampire knight had been killed, with a single hit. Never in their dreams did they think something like this was possible unless one was going up against a leader. Even Clark and Jin who had faced him before didn't know this would be the outcome. 
 The one who was most surprised to see Quinn there, was Fex. The whole time he had kept his head down in shame, he didn't want to see the faces of all the people in the crowd. The face of his sister or the face of his disjointed family members. 
 So he thought he would keep his head down till the end. That was until a loud bang was heard. It caused Fex to look up for a brief second, and he saw the mask. The mask he had seen the first time he had ever met Quinn. 
 'What…Why..what the hell are you doing here…Why…why did you come for me?' Fex thought, and in nearly an instant. Uncontrollably tears started to roll down his cheeks from his eyes. 
 From the crowd, another boy was having a similar reaction seeing Quinn. 
 "Quinn… how are you so strong?" Rokene said from the sides, but his words didn't go unnoticed. As Timmy, Amy, Xander and Frank who were standing nearby, had heard what he blurted out. 
 Still, they decided to remain silent, and let things play out because it looked as if things were soon going to be moving at a fast pace and they would have their answers soon. 
 "Kill him, kill the punisher now. I'll handle the execution!" Bryce said. 
 At that moment, the leaders and their vampire's knights moved off the stage and were ready for battle, however something strange had occurred. 
 "What are you doing, you go out there and get him now!" Bryce demanded to the ones that had reminded on stage. 
 "There is no need for us to get involved," Muka replied. "We are free to do as we wish, and we wish to stay here. We are not aiding the punisher in any way, so you can not punish us for this." 
 The crowd looked in confusion, they understood that the so-called person was here to try to save Fex. But what they didn't understand was why nearly half of the leaders had chosen to stay on top of the platform and not follow the first leader's orders. 
 'What is going on here, did the other leaders decide this in secret beforehand?' Edward thought, as even he didn't understand. 
 Left on the stage, was Muka, the ninth leader, Jin the fourth leader, sunny the fifth leader, Cindy Cha, the second leader, David Scutter, the eleventh leader and finally, Lee, the thirteenth leader. With them, each of their vampire knights also stood by their side, but of course, Edward was still on his own. 
 While all the other leaders and the vampire knights had gone down to attack Quinn. Seeing this, Edward quickly too went off the stage and followed. His loyalty always lied with saving the tenth leader and not Fex. 
 His sole purpose in all of this would be seeing that Quinn came out of this whole thing alive. 
 "Fool, what can a single person do?" Bryce said, looking at him. "And you, you are all fools, you think this protest will stop anything. You said you won't hinder me in any way, correct? Then fine, I shall deal with the prisoner myself." 
 Walking towards Fex, he still had his blade out, rather than draining him of his blood, that would give a chance for these fools to save him. Bryce thought. So he would finish it with a single strike. 
 Suddenly though, he felt a heavyweight around his leg. It started to yank him backwards. He quickly swung his blade, cutting whatever was at his leg, but several more began to wrap around his body. When looking closely, he could see that they were red lines of thread. 
 "You came, and you are here to save him. How can I stand here and do nothing when my brother needs me." Silver said. 
 "Now you have gone and done it," Bryce replied. "This is different from protesting and not acting. I will kill you on the spot." 
 Walking back towards Silver, the threads were being cut and falling to the floor, not a single one was reaching him. But the strange thing was, he hadn't even moved the blade in his hand. It was like there was an invisible forcefield that would break anything that came close to him. 
 Silver tired her best, but she knew there wasn't much she could do against a vampire leader, especially the first leader. She felt like she needed to act. If she didn't and allowed her brother to be killed while his friends were trying to save his life. What type of sister would she be? 
 Looking into her brother's eyes, she could see the concerned and scared look on his face. 
 "Brother…You made my life fun." She said. 
 Lifting his blade, he was ready to slice down Silver and soon he would do the same to her brother. She didn't close her eyes, for the last thing she wanted to see before her death, was her brother's face. 
 "SILVER!!!!!" Fex Yelled at the top of his lungs. 
 The sword was swung down, and a red could be seen coming into her eyes. 
 "Red….a red thread." She said. 
 It was a thread like her own, but one that was able to stop the blade. 
 "I will not allow you to kill my family." A thick stern voice from her side said. As she turned her head, one of the people she least expected to come to her aide was there. Her father, Lee, the thirteenth leader. 
 "Lee, I thought you were a man of the law. I respected you for knowing how to separate personal matters for the sake of the community. I see I was wrong about you." Bryce said. 
 "Go!" Lee shouted. "Go and help the punisher boy! You will only get in the way here. I will bring back Fex save and sound to us." 
 Listening to her father words, she rushed off the stage, not before looking back at her father, proud. 
 Quinn, in the open area, could see all of the vampires in front of him, but just like with Jin before, they were a little hesitant to charge in. Especially after they had seen what he had done. 
 Even Quinn was confused by what was happening on stage. 
 "You killed my vampire knight, I shall spread your blood all over that platform with your friend," Vadeen said in anger. 
 Then, a small smile appeared on Quinn's face. He was surprised by how many leaders he had managed to get off the stage for a single person. 
 When choosing who would be the decoy and who would be the saviour, the group had a choice out of two people. For there was one more person, who was even faster than Quinn himself in the group. 
 Leaping from the crowd, up in the air, all the leaders witnessed something above them. The next second it had come landing down on the platform straight in front of Fex, a little away from where Lee and Bryce were busy fighting. 
 Fex looking at who was in front of him was a little confused. 
 "Vorden?" Fex said. 
 "Close, I'm his brother Borden." 
 It was the new addition to the group. He had scales running up his face and down his arm, and on his back were the two spikes on display. 
 Borden, grabbed onto the chains that held Fex down, and pulled with all his strength. 
 It wasn't as easy as it looked as his muscles started to budge and tense up, the veins all over his body could be seen. The black material was as hard as glathrium, but that didn't matter, for soon the chains had snapped and were broken off. 
 Fex, was finally free. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 468 Blood dome 
 "He broke the chains, a human was strong enough to break the chains!" Someone from the crowd shouted out. 
 "Human? What do you mean, can't you see it has spikes on its back, that's a humanoid beast?" 
 "But why would a beast try to save Fex?" 
 "Why would a human try to save Fex?" 
 The discussion amongst the people was rabid, as they were in shock. Mainly because they had just seen a teenage boy, using his brute strength to break apart the solid black material. The material wasn't impossible to break. Otherwise, they would have never been able to use it in the first place to build their structures. 
 But for many, they could say it was the first time that they had seen someone tear it apart like that with their bare hands. This led to confusion of what exactly had come to the help of the others. 
 "What the hell is that thing doing here!" Bryce said as he saw the figure. "Answer me Lee, is your family working with them?" 
 A strike came down from his blade, and Lee had managed to move out of the way. He then quickly covered himself in the red string, shortly after the first attack, several more clangs were heard even though Bryce's sword was no longer moving. 
 "I have no clue. I don't know why that thing is here. They shouldn't even know of this place!" Lee shouted back. 
 But no matter what Lee would say, it was clear that a Dalki was helping his son to break free. So his words weren't going to be very convincing. 
 Edward, who was equally in shock at what help had come to arrive didn't have time to think why, instead he shouted from below. 
 "Take him away, Leave. We can't fight this many with just us!" He shouted. 
 It was true. If they were to include all of the vampire leaders along with their vampire knights and the first leader. There was a total of eleven incredibly strong vampires they had to face. While on their side, there was, Silver, Edward, Lee, Quinn and Borden. 
 They were outnumbered and outmatched. The other leaders, although they chose not to take part in the fight, it didn't look like they were going to help either. No matter what the situation was. 
 "You heard him." Borden said with a smile. "Let's get out of here." 
 Opening up his arms, Borden proceeded to give Fex a large bear hug, he then squatted down on the floor as he was about to make his way out of the place with a large jump. 
 "You should leave too, Quinn," Edward said. "Don't worry about Silver and me. We won't let them kill us that easily." 
 Quinn hated the fact that there wasn't much he could do to help, but he was right. Even if the others who were still waiting were to come in and join the fight. There was still a high chance they would die. They had managed to get what they were aiming for, there was no longer a reason for them to stay. 
 Clenching his jaw tightly, he decided it was the only thing they could do. 
 "You really think I'm going to let them get away that easily, huh?" Bryce said. 
 Releasing the strength in Borden's thighs, he managed to leap up high with Fex in his hand. It was amazing the height they had gained from a single jump, it was almost as if the Dalki was some type of superhuman. 
 "Activate the blood dome!" Bryce shouted. 
 Out from the crowd of people, several vampire guards stepped off to the side and formed a circle around the entire plaza. Each one of them then raised there hands, and red aura seemed to seep out from them. There seemed to be around two hundred vampires, all working at once to create a dome of blood around the entire area. 
 The black sky was soon tinted with a red, and eventually, it was starting to go over where Borden and Fex were heading. Borden didn't know what the blood dome was, but he had a bad feeling about it. 
 Not wanting to touch the dome. He relied on his fist and punched towards the ground. The power shifted his weight forward. They were now no longer going up but now heading back down to where Quinn and the others were. 
 "You mad man, you would sacrifice your own men's life force for something like this!" Muka shouted from the sides. "You are not fit to be king, I wouldn't even say you are fit to be a leader at this point." 
 "Shut your mouth!" Bryce shouted back. "They all know what it does, they know the price, they are not doing this against their will. They understand that this is an important matter for us all." 
 The crowd that was surrounded by the dome, they too were a little confused by what was happening. It was something many of them had never seen before. 
 "What is this?" One of the vampires said as they reached out there hand to touch the wall. 
 "Don't touch it!" An elder vampire said, but it was too late, the second his fingers had crazed the outer edge of the wall. The vampire could feel it's life force being drained into the wall itself. 
 The man's appearance started to change. His skin became dry and tight, he looked dehydrated almost. "Blood, please give me blood!" The vampire cried out, but soon he had collapsed to the floor, shrilled up and no longer speaking. 
 "Is there a way to get rid of that thing?" Quinn asked. 
 "Once the blood dome has been created, the only way to get rid of it, is to defeat all two hundred men that were used to create it." Edward replied. "And I'm afraid if Bryce has already gone this far, he probably has more men waiting to replace them throughout the city." 
 Hearing this meant one thing, they now had no choice but to fight. 
 Two of the leaders moved in. It was at a speed that was too great for Quinn. At least at this very moment while his attention and focus were split. He had been looking at all of the vampires waiting for the right one to make their move. So he was unable to react to the two that moved in. 
 Edward using his mist he managed to alter the vampire's path and move them off to the side. 
 "You will not touch the boy!" Edward said. 
 "Oh, Edward you are but a mere fallen knight, whatever do you think you can do against me?" His opponent, was the twelve leader, Prima Killton, as for his weapons of choice it was a rapier. A weapon that focused on speed. The way he was dressed, the way he spoke, it was filled with class. 
 His hair was straight and dangled by his side, and he wore bright golden armour. As for his face, he was a handsome, clean-shaven young man. Although this was the age and appearance he chose to show others. 
 As for the other leader that charged ahead. Silver had rolled off to the side, and at the last second had managed to attach her red strings to the weapon. It was aiming straight for Quinn's head, and she had yanked it to the side, throwing the needle-like weapon off to the side and allowing it to pierce into the ground. 
 "Oh, Silver, Silver. You don't know how much I have been waiting for this day." The girl said as she chose to completely ignore her original target and decided to go straight for Silver who had interrupted her. "Do you know how many times a day I have to hear my beauty being compared to yours." 
 Silver continued to deflect the attacks, but her strength was far stronger than her own. After all, she was going up against the third leader, Suzan Topper. A beauty by many peoples standards, but she didn't have the personality to go with it. 
 Silver had successfully managed to get her red thread around Suzan's needle again. Still, this time, using brute force, she continued to make a thrusting action as it aimed right for Silver's belly. Whatever it took, Silver just needed to make sure that the needle didn't deal a fatal blow. 
 When looking at the needle carefully, even more, red thread from the side seemed to wrap around it. The external force from the side had moved the needle ever so slightly. Allowing the needle to only make a small graze across Silver's stomach, breaking her clothes and leaving a small scratch. 
 "Damn it! I was so close!" Suzan shouted. 
 "Don't think you can kill my sister so easily." Said Fex. 
 With Fex going to help his sister out, it left Borden and Quinn alone to face off against the remaining three vampire leaders and five vampire knights. 
 "Well, I can tell this might be quite the difficult one with just the two of us." Borden said. "But I like a challenge." 
 The spikes on Borden's back were tingling, although he knew he should have felt scared, instead, he felt excited at the thought that he could die during this fight. 
 If all of the vampires were to charge in at the same time, their attacks would get in the way of one another. So instead, the eighth leader using her abilities was in charge of instructing them all. She had ordered for the vampire knights to go in first, and the leaders following them closely behind. 
 'Remember do not underestimate these two. We have seen their power already." The eighth leader Jill said, using her telepathic ability. 
 As they all charged in, Quinn was trying to decide which attacks to stop, and which ones he should prioritise in attacking first. He understood why Edward had sent him on that training, to learn how to deal with multiple opponents at once, but this wasn't the same at all. 
 However, the vampire knights advance were quickly stopped. A black ball came out hitting the one out front wrapping chains around them and pinning the first one to the ground, soon after and a blue ghost-like spirit spear was thrown into the person as well. 
 Out from the side running out from the crowd a white and black sword was seen clashing against another knights spear and finally, what looked like a suited up human-sized mech came out at the speed of light. In its hand, it held a red shining energy blade, that had sliced one of the knight's shields in half. 
 "Layla, and…. All her friends. What are they doing out there!" Amy shouted, surprised. 
 As promised, if it was to come to a fight, then they would join the battle and do everything in their power to win. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 469 A pool of blood 
 "Look, even more people have joined in the fight." A vampire said. 
 "Hey, aren't those the guys that were in our class?" Another replied. 
 "Yeah, I think your right, I recognise the one that beat Xander." 
 Usually, a comment like that would have annoyed Xander, but he was carefully watching everything that was going on. 
 'So, It looks like you weren't a normal student after all. No wonder you were able to beat me." Xander thought, looking at the group. It was something he told himself, making him feel a little better as he looked at Vorden. 
 As for Amy, she was by his side and deeply concerned about Layla. She knew her skills, and at the start of their classes, they weren't exactly great. Even if she did improve quickly, there was no way she was ready to fight against vampire knights and leaders. 
 'Who are these people you've gotten yourself involved in, please just be safe.' Amy prayed. 
 While the group had three of the vampire knights busy, there was still two more on the way, and with it, one more person had emerged from the crowd. When Xander saw this person, shivers were sent through his body as bad memories of him being beaten were starting to surface. 
 At a great speed, Peter had come out throwing a fist out at one of the vampire knights who had no weapon on his body. It was fast and unexpected, but the knight was able to react in time, twisting his body and grabbing Peter's fist. 
 However, the power was far stronger then the knight thought, and the punch carried immense power, enough to completely shatter and brake the knight's wrist. The bone had pierced through the skin, and his hand was dangling by the skin. 
 "Sorry I'm a little late. I was preparing something." Peter said as two more vampires came out from the crowd and headed to confront the remaining knight. The reason why Peter had taken a little longer then the others was because he was busy dealing with two guards to obtain himself two lesser Wights. 
 "Oh, a strong one." The knight said. The knight wore a hood that was covering his head. In the process of taking it off, a bald-headed, thin paled skinned individual could be seen, but what was even more impressive, was that his wrist had already healed. 
 "It's my first time fighting against a Wight like myself." The knight said. "Let's see if I can make one of your friends into a faithful minion of mine." 
 The two of them rushed forward both throwing a fist, it would be a battle of strength for this clash. 
 "Idiot, a Wight's power is based on their creator's power, and I am under a vampire leader. You are no match for me!" The knight shouted, but Peter didn't let that phase him, when the two fists collided, for a second it was as if they both stopped midair, but eventually, there was a clear winner. As the knuckles on Peter's hand started to cave in, and the bone inside his forearm started to shatter. 
 "Looks like this is going to be an easy fight." The knight said. 
 Although the five vampire knights had been temporally stopped, there were still three more leaders heading straight for Quinn, and by his side, he only had Borden for help. 
 "Quinn, stay behind me, they're after you, and I can take a few hits!" Borden said with a smile. 
 The vampire knight that was fastest, was Kyle Dawn, the seventh leader. Covering his eyes, he had a pair of sunglasses on. Which seemed a bit odd considering it was always dark in the vampire world, but it suited the black leather clothing he was wearing. 
 "You think a mere two spike is enough to deal with a leader?" Kyle said."Yeah, we were surprised to see you here, but we were never afraid of you. For someone like yourself who excels in physical strength, we have plenty of options." 
 Swiping his hand, Kyle had thrown out a blood swipe, but he did so with both hands, creating a cross-like shape. Borden not knowing what the attack was, covered him self raising his forearms in a cross of his own. When the attack hit him, it had sent him back skidding across the floor but not falling over. The red aura was soon piercing his tough skin and muscles. 
 The attack started to pierce deeper into himself, while he was continued to be pushed back bit by bit by the attack, more blood was being drawn. The green liquid could be seen falling to the ground. At the same time, the spikes on his back were starting to shake in response to this. 
 The same energy when he was injured by Quinn as last time entered his body and using that newfound energy, he threw his arms out, and with it, the red aura was shattered. 
 "Not too bad, am I?" Borden said, smiling. 
 "Ha, ha." Kyle started laughing. "Do you know the blood swipe is the most basic and weakest skill a vampire has? and look at you, you're already so hurt by it already." 
 "that just makes this fight even better," Borden replied. 
 "Die!" A loud voice shouted as it ran past Kyle. "I'll kill you for embarrassing me and killing my vampire knight!" Vandeen said, hurling a spear-like weapon towards Quinn. 
 Thankfully, he was prepared and was able to use his shadow in time. Like a bull charging at him, Quinn wrapped his shadow around the spear and blocked the attack, but the red tint at the end of the spear showed it was a blood weapon. 
 Not taking any chances rather than spreading the shadow thin. Quinn opted to wrap the spear completely in the shadow, stopping its power. If he had used part of his shadow, there was a good chance it would have caused more damage to the shadow and would have taken more of his Mc points. 
 "There's more than one you know?" A soft female voice said. 
 On Quinn's back, a sharp shooting pain was felt as his body was hurled off to the side and sent skidding across the floor. He bounced a couple of times, before eventually coming to a stop. 
 In a single kick, there was such power. 
 [80/100 HP] 
 Although Quinn was able to block one of the attacks with his shadow, he was unable to block two, especially from two leaders. It felt like it would nearly be impossible for him to fight two on his own. On top of all this, Quinn's attention was focused elsewhere. 
 The person who had kicked Quinn from behind was the eighth leader Jill. Usually, when Jill was to walk up or face an opponent, all of their attention would be on her. If one was fighting a vampire leader, they would have to focus on the threat in front of them. 
 Instead, Quinn wasn't looking at her at all. He was scared but not scared of her. When she looked into his eyes, she could see he was staring off into a different direction. 
 "Oh, so you're more concerned about them then you are me, is that right?" Jill said. She could see that Quinn was looking at the two girls who were on the battlefield. 
 Quinn was worried because out of everyone on the field, they were the weakest. Cia and Layla. They were support type fighters who both fought from far range, so even with the two of them, it was even more than difficult when going up against the vampire knight. 
 Thankfully, with the use of Cia's spirit ability and Layla chains, they could continuously slow down the knight. Not getting hurt but not doing much damage either. 
 Jill suddenly stopped walking towards Quinn, and instead changed her direction as she started to walk towards the girls. 
 "What are you doing!" Quinn shouted, picking himself off the floor. 
 "Stay down you filthy dog!" Vadeen said as he stabbed his spear into Quin's right shoulder, pinning him to the ground. 
 [50/100 HP] 
 "Watch as your friends die. You could have just let Fex die, but now all of them will. Just like you killed my vampire knight in front of my eyes, she is going to do the same." 
 The girls already had their hands full with the vampire knight, that they hadn't even seen what was coming next. Suddenly, right next to Cia the female vampire, wearing a red dress with a slit up her leg appeared. 
 "You have quite the annoying ability, I'll deal with you first," Jill said. 
 Before she knew it, a fist was plunged into deep into her stomach. 
 "Is this the end?" Cia thought, but something strange had happened. She felt no pain at all. Was it the adrenaline? While in her thoughts, a scream of pain was heard and when turning to look, she could see it had come from Layla who was bent hurled over, and on the floor was a pool of blood. 
 When Cia looked down at her stomach, there was no wound, and instead, a strange like portal space surrounding her was there, where the wound would be. 
 "A Hannya, what a brave thing to do," Jill said. "I never expected someone to use the link skill like this." 
 Before the two girls had entered the fighting area. Layla had cast a spell. It was one of her other skills. She didn't say much to Cia just that it would protect her, but Cia never expected this. All wounds that Cia would receive would instead go to Layla. 
 The reason she had done this was because Layla was still a subclass vampire. Yes, she didn't have super strength or the speed, but she still healed and could survive more fatal wounds then a regular human like Cia. Still, she never expected to receive such a wound like this one. 
 Seeing that Layla was suffering and in pain, the vampire knight was finally free form the spiritual chains and decided to charge in planning to finish her, killing her there and then. 
 The knight close enough had swung his hardened claw, throwing a single line of the blood swipe. It was large and powerful. If it touched Layla anywhere, it would slice her in half. 
 But there was no chance for that to even happen, as three blood swipes from the side, had come out hitting the single large swipe. It wasn't enough to shatter it, but it had hit it enough to the point where the course of the attack had been altered. 
 Looking at who the next person was that intervened. Amy soon noticed that someone was no longer standing next to her. "Xander, what the hell are you doing out there!" She cried. 
 Xander, now standing in front of Layla's body had his eyebrows furrowed, and his fist clenched. 
 "I will not let anyone harm the women I love." Xander declared. "When I met you, I was serious about going out with you. I won't let them hurt you!" 
 "ARGHHHH!" But soon, everyone on the field was interrupted by the cries of a single boy. They weren't cries of pain or such, but instead, they were cries of anger. 
 Looking at the blood surrounding Layla and seeing the pool of blood only getting bigger, something started to boil up inside Quinn. Something he had never felt before. This strange deep dark anger. 
 "I only wanted to save one person!!! Why!!! Why!!!" Quinn shouted. "You, I'll make you pay for this. I'll kill you all!" 
 'Is….that…your…wish..' A deep dark voice inside Quinn said. 
 "Yes…I want them all dead!" Quinn replied. 
 At that moment, a dark black portal opened behind Jill who still had her hand lodged deep into Cia, and out stepped Quinn's familiar. The Bone Claw. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 470 The bone claw's name 
 Off in the distance, at the very top of the king's castle. Two men could be seen standing outside on a balcony top. They were looking out off in the distance where the large red blood dome could be seen. 
 "Were you informed that the blood dome would be used?" One of the men asked. 
 "No. Have things gotten so bad that it needed to be used? I suppose this is Bryce's doing. He has been doing things on his own lately, more often than not. Although I can't say he has ever made a decision that has affected the vampire settlement in a bad light. If anything, that man truly cares about this place. Perhaps a bit too much." 
 The other man turned his head and looked through the two large curtains that showed the outline of a large bed. "Should we inform him of this?" 
 Suddenly, the bed's shadow changed as a large figure could be seen behind it. A light in the room was making it so the shadow upon the curtain was far darker. "It looks like he already knows. Let's prepare ourselves." 
 **** 
 Stepping out from a misty black portal, a large menacing creature with long dangly finger like claws had appeared. Just looking at the creature, the people watching in the audience were frightened. It was clear it was something to be feared, and judging by the reaction of the other leaders, they were right. 
 Lee was huffing and panting and was now down on one knee. He had several cuts all over his body and rips in his clothes, while Bryce didn't have a single mark on him. It was clear even between two leaders there were some stronger than others, but Lee was nowhere near done giving up. 
 However, Bryce hadn't kept his eye on the main target. Perhaps for others, they thought it was the prisoner Fex, but for Bryce, his target had always been the punisher child. When glancing over in his direction, the creature was seen. 
 "How? There hasn't been a Boneclaw seen in hundreds of years. How did that damn child manage to get his hands on one?" Bryce said shocked. "I thought they were meant to be picky about their users. If the rumours are true, then why did it pick him, what's so special about that boy?" 
 Clark seeing the Boneclaw for the first time had become excited. He wished he could get in closer to examine it, to have a look at it, but he knew that his Leader Jin wasn't moving, then he wouldn't be moving either. 
 "Is this what you were talking about, Clark?" Jin asked. 
 "Yes sir, it is one of the strongest familiars known in existence. The only other person ever to have a hold of one before is said to be the first vampire king." Clark replied. When speaking, Clark made sure to say his words loud and clear. He wanted the other leaders to hear. To know just how amazing it was for a vampire to have one. 
 As soon as the Boneclaw was out from its dark mist, with its hand it made a slash towards Jill. It was acting on the feeling of its master's desire and right now, the one Quinn wanted dead most was her. 
 She immediately pulled her hand out of Cia's body, at the same time, Layla finally felt like she could breathe, but the blood still kept pouring out. 
 After letting go of Cia, she was able to flash step farther away, avoiding the strike. 
 "Huh, where did it go?" Jill thought, for when she looked up, the large creature was no longer there. The next second a piercing pain was felt in her back as the claw-like fingers ripped through her skin. 
 Pulling away and turning to perform a kick of her own, she tried to hit the creature, but as if it was freely teleporting around, it was gone once again. 
 Jill was considered one of the weaker leaders, but that was mainly due to her ability not being a combat one. She was still a leader making her the Rank of a vampire lord, so she was plenty strong to deal with nearly anything, but for the first time in a while, she only felt fear. 
 "Everyone, release your familiars. Get rid of that Boneclaw as soon as possible!" Bryce shouted. 
 At once, the leaders that were in the fight did as they were told. Bats, hounds, gorillas, all looking abnormal creatures were summoned. It was a reminder to Quinn that the whole time the leaders still weren't going all out in their fights. 
 Most of them had yet to use their abilities, and only now were they summoning their familiars. 
 Quinn was still stuck on the ground with the spear in his shoulder looking at Layla. Although she was no longer being hurt by Jin through Cia, there still was the problem with her bleeding. There was an open wound on her stomach, as if she was the one that had been hit by Jill. 
 He wanted to help but knew if he wanted to do anything, he needed to get rid of the leader first. With the Boneclaw now being busy, he had to do it himself. 
 But then, another person from the crowd came running out. It was a blonde-haired female that Quinn didn't recognise. 
 "Layla, Layla, speak to me!' Amy cried. "She's lost so much blood." 
 "Is there anything you can do?" Xander asked, feeling concerned as well. 
 "Layla, listen to me, you can hear me right, you need to evolve. I know it's hard, but you need to control your emotions so you can evolve. Your evolutions, I remember Paul said that they have a better healing ability. It's the only thing I can think of." 
 Layla could hear what Amy was saying, but couldn't reply. She tried to concentrate, but it was hard for her to think of painful memories of the past. 
 At that moment, Cia had come running over to her. "Layla, I'm sorry it's all my fault. I wasn't paying attention, I didn't know the spell you cast on me would do that." She cried and cried. 
 However, Layla didn't care for that, for with Cia there next to her. There was more dark fog over her body than she had ever seen before. Something she could greatly use. 
 While Vadeen was distracted with his other hand, Quinn grabbed onto the spear. Infusing his Qi he activated his gauntlet's skill, sending a shock through the pole eventually traveling to Vadeen. It had caused him to startle and lose his grip slightly. So next, using all of his strength, Quinn screamed and pushed the pole out of his shoulder while getting a safe distance away from Vadeen. 
 He looked over to the Boneclaw, who was now completely surrounded by several different types of creatures. They had all gone for him as they were asked. Quinn was worried, but he knew that the Boneclaw was unable to be killed. 
 What Quinn was more worried about was when the Boneclaw died, all the other familiars would be free to attack them. They were already barely hanging on. To deal with even more enemies would be impossible. 
 "Should we summon our own familiars to help them?" Sunny asked. 
 "You may do as you wish," Muka replied. "But I am staying put. If we do anything, then it's possible Bryce will use that against us. He may have disregarded some of the laws but I have not, and I believe soon the judge will come to punish them all for their crimes." 
 'The judge?' Jin thought. That was a word he hadn't heard in a long time. For recently, the council would act as the so-called judges. 
 "I wouldn't worry so much. There is a reason why the Bone claw is so feared and considered special." Clark said. He had only read about it through books and research, but he was hoping it wasn't wrong right now. 
 The first to go attack the Bone claw, was a large bird-like familiar. It had a long thin beak that would act as a blade, and a large wingspan, allowing it to glide and fly up high. It circled the Bone claw from above a couple of times before making its move. 
 It dived down with its large one-meter sharp beak, out like a torpedo heading downward. The Bone claw stayed still however, unfazed by all of the families in front of him. 
 "Hey is it just me or can you see some of the familiars shaking?" Someone from the crowd asked, and when they looked closer, it was true. At first, they thought they were perhaps waiting for the right time to strike, but instead they were scared. 
 "The familiars, they come from the same universe and work with each other," Rokene said, as he looked at his black rabbit in his hand. 'The same is for the Bone claw and in the Familiar world, they have another name for him…. The undead king." 
 Lifting its hand up it managed to stop the bird familiar's attack, catching it right between its dangly fingers, then with its other hand, a quick swipe that couldn't even be seen by most of the vampires were made. In an instant, the bird had puffed into mist. It was killed on the spot. 
 "So what, you're not the only one with a special familiar," Bryce said, as mist started to come from the palm of his hand, and down off the platform, his own was summoned. When it finally settled, the figure of a three-headed hound could be seen. 
 It started to walk over towards the Boneclaw, and the other familiars made way for the large three-headed dog. 
 "You don't understand anything… that won't work," Rokene said. He knew more about the familiar world than anything. Mainly because he was able to communicate with animals due to his ability and that included his own familiar. 
 When the three-headed dog finally reached the Boneclaw, it started to kneel down bowing its head, submitting to its master. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 471 A diffrent smell 
 The legendary three-headed dog was well known as a familiar between the leaders and the vampires watching from the crowd. There was a big celebration in the whole settlement when Bryce had managed to finally make it his. Yet, for some reason, such a strong and legendary creature was now bowing in front of another. 
 This greatly angered Bryce. The vein on his forehead was bulging and looked as if it would pop at any second. 
 "Out of my way!" Bryce shouted as he struck Lee between his neck and shoulder. Lee at this point was completely drained, but he still managed to make his own red thread just in time to block the attack. However, this time it was useless, as the sword had a new strength to it, that it didn't before and the blade sliced right through. The sword dug into him deeply, and a few seconds later he had fallen to the ground. 
 Although he wasn't dead, he wasn't going to get back up. 
 "Must I do everything myself!" Bryce said as he had walked off the platform. 
 The beasts including Bryce's continued to shiver. They hadn't even turned around or taken their sight off of the Bone claw. 
 At that moment, the Bone claw lifted its hand and spoke something. The words that were sounded were deep and in a language the others couldn't understand. 
 "Yak back gu taken na." The bone claw said and suddenly. Black mist started to appear as the familiars started to fade away and return to their masters. 
 "Return to your masters and don't come out in my presence," Rokene said as he repeated the words said by the Bone claw. 
 The only one that was left was the three-headed dog. Although Bryce didn't know what was going on, it was clear that it would listen to him no longer. On his walk through his mind connection, he spoke to it several times but there was no response. 
 "Get out of here!" He shouted and the dog too started to disappear. 
 The first leader swung its blade, releasing a blood swipe with it, but the bone claw simply teleported, and the next second it was by Bryce's side. It did its usual attack, swiping its long fingers. However, even though Bryce hadn't lifted up his sword, the sound of its claw hitting against something was heard and its large hand was thrown back. 
 Another attack was made from Bryce, but the Bone claw teleported once again, appearing on his other side. 
 "I can't believe it!" Frank said, "How is a familiar able to go, head to head with a vampire leader. I have to be dreaming. How is this possible?" 
 But Rokene knew differently, from what the black rabbit, his own familiar had told him, this wasn't just any regular familiar. 
 While the Bone claw and the first leader were busy fighting, the battles on the field continued, and one of them was on a time limit. That was Logan. 
 Logan in his right hand had a red beam of energy coming from his hand. He was using an energy blade. Just like when he had thought against the king tier beast, but this one was slightly different. 
 Instead of using the beast crystal, Logan was using the blood crystal. After testing out the blood crystal, Logan had found out that the amount of power it held in comparison to the beast crystal was far greater, however there was a major problem. 
 Blood crystals when used wouldn't naturally charge back up again. They needed an outside source, that source being blood itself. Logan didn't know if it was the same, if it was to be made into a blood weapon, but it meant when using it as an energy blade, although it would be stronger, it meant it would burn out faster as well. 
 Thankfully, in his first attack, Logan was able to destroy the vampire knight's shield, his main weapon. Now he just needed to land a successful attack. He had chosen to use his speed suit, which had an aerodynamic design and didn't cover him in much armour. 
 When choosing which suit to turn his spiders into, he had three choices, his power suit, his speed suit, and his defence suit. For this battle, he had chosen to go with the speed suit. The vampire's speed was far greater than a human's, and he thought it was the only chance he had at winning. 
 Due to the weapon, he already had his power. But even with the suit's extra speed, Logan was finding it hard to get a clear hit on the vampire knight. It was clear that it was keeping its distance, especially after seeing what he had done to its shield. 
 The vampire knight would return with attacks of its own, but it didn't seem to be trying so hard, as if it was waiting for something. As for these attacks, with the speed suit, Logan was also able to avoid them, just not deal attacks of his own, and then finally, the red beam of energy had gone out. 
 "I was waiting for that?" The vampire knight said. 
 Seeing the raw power, the vampire knight was able to guess what was going on. Their senses were far greater than normal humans and he could tell as time went on the energy that was being emitted was dimming and lessening. 
 Over on the other side with Peter's battle, he wasn't faring much better either. The Wight was clearly stronger than him. The only plus side was thanks to Edward's training, he had avoided a blow to the head, using everything he could to protect himself. 
 They didn't have much time to train, but the lesson was clear. Protect the head or you die. If he wanted to turn the tide of this fight, he would need the help of his two lesser Wights, but they two looked like they were nearly finished, as they were losing their battle against the vampire knight. 
 "I'm sorry Quinn, but...I don't think I can win this one." 
 Peter wasn't the only one that was struggling. With Amy and Cia looking after Layla, giving her time to focus. Everything was left to Xander. But who was he, for he was not a direct descendent, nor was he a vampire knight. He was a simple vampire, and he was meant to protect them from a vampire leader. It just all seemed to be impossible. 
 Still, he would keep his promise and protect her. He gulped nervously, looking at his opponent. 
 "Your mist ability is annoying I will give you that," Prima said. "But once you figure it out it's useless." 
 Edward seemed to be down for the count as he was practically crawling on the floor now. He managed to use his energy to turn his head, wondering how the others were doing. 
 He could then see Silver and Fex, facing off against the other leader. And they too were covered in marks and looked like they would lose soon. 
 "It looks like they will soon lose this fight," Jin said. "Apart from Bryce, the leaders haven't even used their abilities against their opponents. To be honest, they have surprised us many times in this fight, I didn't even expect them to push them this far, but there is a clear level difference in power." 
 The other leaders standing on stage couldn't agree more. But Muka, he was staring outside the dome now, looking outward, as if he was waiting for something or someone. 
 As For Vorden, he had consumed all of the pills that were given to him by Borden. He now felt like a new person and with his active skill using the white blade, he was moving faster than ever. The problem was just like with Logan, it just wasn't fast enough to match up with a vampire knight. 
 He now had the strength to deal with possibly a standard vampire noble but not a knight. He was barely hanging on, as he blocked spear attack after spear attack, but he was clearly being overwhelmed. 
 Vorden wanted to switch with Raten, but it was too difficult, he didn't even get a second of rest to do so. That way he could use Cia's ability to his advantage and possibly turn the tide. 
 Left, right, swirl, duck, jump. He was doing everything he could do to avoid the attacks and so far he hadn't been hit. Looking at the others, he could tell they needed his help. Even Borden, fighting against the Dalki leader, seemed to be struggling. Every so often, waves of power clashes could be felt coming from his right side, as he heard loud bangs. 
 This was from the result of the fight between Borden and the vampire leader. 
 "If only, if only I had abilities I could copy, I could help." He said in anger. 
 There was no choice he needed to change to Raten and use the spirit spear. Some of the fights were quite close and the spear could change the tide. 
 As Vorden switched for a brief mini second, his mind was delayed, slowed down, and the vampire knight was skilled enough to recognize this. He thrust his spear as hard and fast as he could. 
 At the last second, the switch had been made to Raten and the look in Vorden's eyes had changed. Twisting his head, he did his best to avoid the spear, but it still had managed to craze his cheek. 
 Doing so, blood had been drawn, and with it, the sweet smell had entered the battlefield. 
 "What's that smell?" 
 "It smells so sweet." 
 Most of the vampires didn't have an initial reaction, but for the students who were stationed close and intreated in the fight. An urge in their body had started to overwhelm them. 
 The student's eyes, were starting to turn red. 
 "He's a human!" 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 472 Blood bullet! 
 Just a small little craze on the cheek was enough to set off the sensitive noes of the vampires around them. It hadn't filled the whole dome, but it effected those that were closest and the ones that were, were the students. They were most interested in seeing the leaders and where stationed near the front. At the same time, they were the most influenced by the smell. 
 However, their reaction to the smell was just as surprising for the leaders who were fighting them. 
 "We are being held back by mere humans!' The vampire knight fighting against Vorden shouted. It was as if he was disgusted by the fact he wasn't able to finish someone off like this. 
 The next second, the spirit spear had landed inside hitting the vampire knight in the stomach. The MC cells were combined with Logan and Cia, creating a powerful spear. 
 Making him feel the effects greatly, and the energy was drained from him in an instant. 
 "I'm not just some ordinary human!" Raten shouted in response as he threw down his Black blade chopping off one of the vampire knight's arms. 
 "Raten, I think we have another problem!" Vorden said, as the vampires that were being held back started to go into a frenzy, it was the same thing that had happened to Timmy. Some of them had their hands held up by there heads, trying to fight it, while others were allowing it to consume them. 
 Although the guards were doing somewhat of a job of holding the students back, it didn't look like they would be able. 
 Inside the crowd, Frank wasn't affected much by it, as every student was effected differently, him and well as Rokene were trying there best to stop the others. Direct descendants already had the training to combat things such as this. 
 "We have to do something, the students will get hurt if they get caught up in that!" Rokene said as he looked at the fight continuing on. Borden had another big clash with the leader he was facing, and a strong shockwave was sent out again. If the students jumped in, they would just be hurt getting in the middle of all that. 
 Timmy at the moment was unaffected by it all, due to him experiencing something like it last time. He was wondering if Edward would be able to do the same as before when he had been calmed down. But there were far too many, and it looked like Edward was badly hurt. He would be to concerned with the leader to be of help. 
 "We will deal with this." A deep voice said. 
 In front of them in mere seconds, the leaders that had remained on the platform until this point, had finally made a move. 
 "Haha, I knew you would act and betray us. Now I have an excuse to get rid of you all who was against us!" Bryce said, as he blocked an incoming attack from the Bone claw. The fight was still ongoing, and it looked like Bryce was slowly figuring it out. 
 "If you really think that way then you are a shortlisted fool." Cindy, the second leader, spoke. "The council, the vampire leaders we all exist for the people, so it is our number one pointy to protect the people. We will not let them get involved in our own personal spat!' 
 The fourth, fifth, ninth, eleventh and second leaders eyes started to glow red as they looked upon the crowd, and it was time for them to use a mass influence skill to calm them, and it seemed to be working. 
 "The leaders are able to control this many?" Frank said. "I knew they were strong, but I didn't know they were this strong. If all the leaders really had participated in this fight, it would have been long over by now." 
 With the sudden danger now settled, the others continued to do battle with great difficultly with there opponents, and that was the same for Quinn. 
 He had been injured during the fight with the two leaders, but now there was only one in front of him. The anger that he had previously still hadn't settled inside him. Although his focus should have been on Vadeen in front of him, it wasn't, he was still looking at Jill. 
 'Layla still hasn't recovered, and that vampire doesn't exactly give me much hope.' He thought, looking at Xander. 
 "You're focus should be on me!" Vandeen said charging in, but at the same time, Jill had charged in towards Layla and the others. 
 Xander, relied upon his fist and threw it out, but it had hit nothing but air, and instead of going for him, She had decided to go for Layla. 
 'I can feel the energy growing inside you, I know what you are planning to do Hannya girl, and I won't let that happen.' 
 Getting past Xander was easy, as she had used a flash step, going past him and appearing in front of the two girls. 
 "Oh!" Amy cried. 
 But as soon as she had arrived. She had been hit by a strong, sharp blow and fell to the ground. It seemingly had come out of nowhere, and even though Amy was looking at Jill the whole time, she hadn't seen what could have possibly hitten her. 
 From where Quinn was standing, blood was dripping, falling on the ground. He had his hand held out like a gun, and one of his fingers was soaked in blood, it had completely shattered, even parts of bone could be seen from the tip. 
 [Skill Blood bullet] 
 [-20 HP] 
 [30/100 HP] 
 "You should be paying attention to me!" Vadeen shouted as he gave un uppercut to Quinn's face throwing him up in the air. 
 [20/100 HP] 
 The whole time, Quinn was never concerned about his fight and was watching all of the others. He was waiting for the right chance to hit Jill, and it had come. Back at the castle, Quinn had tested out his blood bullet. 
 There was a couple of blood packs that had been left for them in the castle form Edward, but there weren't many. As they would have to wait for a shipment from the main castle every once in a while. They would then deliver them to their people. 
 The blood bullet, a skill that could only used five times in one day. It was a powerful skill that shot out as fast as a bullet. Making it nearly impossible to avoid, and if Quinn was to add his Qi to it, it would just make it that much stronger and that's what he had done now. 
 "Do you really not care if you die!" Vadeen shouted. While on his way back down from the initial uppercut. He then proceeded with a kick. Hitting Quinn again across the floor. His bones were broken were being mangled, and he spat out blood from the strong, powerful blows. 
 Maybe he couldn't defeat a leader. At least not in the state he was in, but if he had one regret, it was the fact that he wasn't able to use everything he had against them. 
 Still, his friends were more important in this situation. 
 [10/100 HP] 
 [Blood bank activated] 
 [100 millilitres consumed] 
 [60/100 HP] 
 As soon as Quinn recovered and got up from the ground, he held out his hand this time using a different finger to the first. Even the blood bank didn't seem to have completely healed the first injured finger. He used his other hand as support; otherwise, his hand would jerk back too much. 
 [Blood bullet] 
 [40/100 HP] 
 This time the attack had hit the vampire knight that Logan was up against. The shot was aimed carefully at his knees, making the knight fall to the ground. 
 "Quinn.." Logan said as he looked at him, he was still injured all over but was still worrying about everyone else. 
 "You still chose to ignore me!" Vadeen didn't just want Quinn dead, he was far too angry for that and thought it was too light of a punishment. He wanted Quinn to suffer by seeing all his friends die. If he wanted to, he could have finished this battle long ago. This was why he had opted to just use his fists. 
 Another punch, this time to the side of Quinn's rib. A cracking sound was heard, but stomping his foot down, Quinn refused to move, his hand was still out and aiming for someone else. 
 [30/100 HP] 
 "Fex look out!" Silver shouted as she went to try to pull her brother back, but her legs were too heavy, and she could no longer move as fast as before. The needle was going right for Fex, until. 
 [Blood bullet] 
 [10/100 HP] 
 The bullet had gone throw the leader's hand, forcing her to drop the needle on the ground and the fatal blow had been avoided. 
 [Blood bank activated] 
 [100 millilitres of blood consumed] 
 [Blood bank is now empty] 
 [60/100 HP] 
 "Idiot" Vadeen said, as he threw out a kick again, hitting Quinn's left leg and crushing it in the process, it had bent and caused him to fall to the floor. 
 [40/100 HP] 
 The crowd and the other leaders started to look at the punisher boy differently. It was memorising, while he was getting a beat down by a leader, he continued to help all those that were around him. 
 "He really cares about them," Sunny said. "It's as if we were looking at a vampire leader, protecting his people." 
 Quinn now being unable to move appropriately was practically a sitting duck. He had helped others, but no one was able to help him. Stomping his foot on Quinn's other leg, it to was crushed to pieces. 
 [20/100 HP] 
 "I wish we could come and help you but we can't," Muka said, frustrated with himself. And he wasn't the only one feeling this. Frank, Rokene too. 
 A kick was made to Quinn's other side, breaking his ribs once again. 
 [10/100 HP] 
 Quinn was now finding it hard to breathe, with every breath he took, it was painful. He started to think back to how his life had changed to the point it had gotten to this situation. How many questions he had left unanswered. How stupid it was of him to think he could go against the vampire leaders. 
 'You were right.' Quinn said to the system. 'I shouldn't have come here, you tried to warn me, and I didn't listen.' 
 The system didn't know what to say back. It too felt guilty for not trying hard enough to convince Quinn to not go through with this, but in the end. He was nothing but part of the system and couldn't go beyond his limits. 
 …. 
 Suddenly, Vadeen stepped back, he jumped a few feet and was on guard. The others watching were confused, as Quinn hadn't moved a single inch, but it wasn't him that he was afraid of. It was his shadow, his shadow had suddenly spread out across the floor beneath him, making a large circle. 
 Afraid that it might do something, Vadeen stepped back avoiding it. 
 "Is this…." Jin looked at the skill, for he had seen it before. This was what he was worried about the last time he had thought the boy, and it looked like he had a good reason to be concerned. 
 Out form the large shadow that was surrounding Quinn on the floor, three figures could be seen rising from the shadow. The two were holding onto the man in the centre, and finally, the shadows stopped, and they could be seen. 
 "Erin and…Leo! " Logan shouted, stunned at how they were here. As for the man in the centre, Logan had no clue who he was. 
 "Well, well, well...This place certainly looks the same." Arthur said with a smile. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 473 A lost god 
 The sun was burning brightly as it usually did on the planet. There seemed to only ever be four types of weather here. Hot, Very hot, Wet, or dry, and today was a scorching hot day. The large trees, plants and beasts enjoyed the weather all year round, but for some, it was torture. 
 The shelter on the planet was located in a spot where it was surrounded by large trees, and the area had been cleared out in a circular fashion. It was designed this way to hide themselves from beasts as they had plenty of cover. 
 The shelter wasn't a large one, with only a population of around five hundred or so people. Still, today they were in a happier mood than usual. Most of the living areas, shops and so forth were located up high in the trees. Large round platforms were made that contained shops and living areas. Part of the inside of the tree would be used as well for more space and storage. If one needed to get between each platform, they would need to use the solid wide wooden bridges. 
 The reason for their happy mood was for the first time, they were finally able to expand. They were starting to build on the ground floor, connecting all of the areas, from the bottom to the top. 
 They mostly used part of the abandoned military base that was on the ground before, changing it into their style. The organiser of such a big project was Ruby, the leader of such an establishment. She had golden-brown skin and her hair was braided down to her waist. 
 She always had a strong air around her, and a certain confidence. There was a reason why people chose to follow her. 
 "That's it bring it down slowly and just place it over there," Ruby said, as the people were building a type of lift to get from one place up to the other. They didn't have much of the technology that was back at earth, and they currently had no known way to get back or travel to other planets. So for now, they had to make do with what they had. 
 "Hey has anyone seen Minny?" Ruby asked as she looked around. 
 "I think I saw her go off with Arthur a little while ago." Another replied. 
 Hearing these words, Ruby was satisfied knowing that Minny would be safe. If there was one person she trusted her own daughter to be with then anyone, it would be Arthur. It was thanks to the mysterious stranger that had arrived that they were all alive today. He had defended them from beast attacks multiple times, and not just once but continually. 
 It was because he was overlooking and protecting them, that they were able to start the expansion project. Living up high was thrilling, but it was quite cramped, so space down below was needed. 
 For saving them, he had asked for nothing in return apart for them to treat him as one of their own, and now the others saw him as some type of fo guardian. 
 Not too far away from the shelter, there was a river, and currently, Arthur was there with his large blade in hand while Minny was sitting on a boulder watching him. 
 "Hey, Arthur, how come I never see you use your sword when you're fighting beasts?" She asked. 
 She had seen him practice his swordsmanship every day, but whenever he would have to fight a beast, he would use his bare hands, and only once had everyone seen him use the shadow. The others assumed it was an original ability so there really wasn't any need for him to explain himself, and thanks to Ruby if anyone was a busy body about it, she made sure they didn't ask. 
 "Its because this thing is as useful as a big stick until it's activated," Arthur replied. 
 "Activated, then why don't you activate it?" She asked. 
 'Because it needs human blood' he said in his head but chose to ignore her and continue his daily training. His body was still stiff since he had come out. He had no frame of reference for how long he had been asleep for. Initially, he wasn't planning to stay here. His goal was to find out what happened to his people, and who was the one that had woken him up. 
 The problem was, it looked as if there was no way off the planet. There were no spaceships, no portals, nothing. There was one thing he could do, but he chose not to do it unless it was his only way off this planet, and his body was close to a hundred percent. 
 Besides, he was actually having a good time with the people here. Still, he couldn't say the same for the weather, as at most he could bear it for two hours before he needed to go back into a shaded area. 
 "I still don't understand why they took that ring, it would have been really helpful right now." Arthur said. 
 "What was that?" 
 "Nothing, come on lets head back, my two hours are up." 
 When returning to the shelter, everyone welcomed him with open arms, and they would often bring him gifts such as fruit and such. Unfortunately, Arthur would always deny such gifts and the only ones he accepted where meat related. This was for obvious reasons that the others didn't know about. 
 Minny had run back off to her mother, while Arthur had gone back up to his living area. He didn't need to climb up. Instead, he just squatted down and jumped up to one of the platforms. 
 "That still amazes me every time I see it." Ruby said. 
 They were used to Arthur performing feats that were unattainable for a human. Some of them even thought he was perhaps a god or a friendly humanoid beast, but whatever he was, they were thankful. 
 On the highest platform, Arthur's house was placed, they had given him the biggest building in the whole shelter. He refused, saying he preferred cramped places to sleep in, after all, he had been in a small chamber for his eternal sleep. But they didn't believe him, and in the end, he had no choice but to accept. 
 In his house, this day was meant to be like any other at the shelter, he had expected nothing special to occur, but then, a strong smell had entered his nose. A scent he recognised instantly among all the humans. It was the smell of another vampire. 
 'I didn't expect someone to try and come get me so soon.' Arthur thought. 
 Outside, both Leo and Erin were being held by multiple spears. The thirty or so people that were busy working away had immediately grabbed their weapons when they saw the portal. They were quick to act as they had been training for it. Ruby knew that someday Arthur wouldn't be with them. 
 She could see it in his eyes that he had something more important going on and to do, and one day, he would leave them. So they needed to be prepared. 
 "Are you with the military, why have you come back to this place?" Ruby asked. 
 "We are not with the military, we thought this place was abandoned, so we decided to come here." Leo replied. 
 There weren't many that would have access to an orange portal. Other portals would have led them to other areas, but only the military portal would have placed them here in this shelter since it was a military shelter. She wasn't buying it. 
 "What do we do, Leo, do we fight?" She asked, having her hand almost touching her weapon, but Leo hadn't replied, for he was far too distracted by something else. 
 With his ability, he could sense enormous energy. An energy too great to even comprehend, not only that, but it was one that he had felt before, that he had felt underground. 
 'I thought it would have left, or gone somewhere else, what's it still doing here.' On top of that, now that it was outside and above ground, Leo had noticed something else as well. The colour of the energy, it was purple, the same as his and Quinn. 
 Before Leo could even decide what to do, the immense energy was already standing in front of them. He had jumped down from above, and Erin was wondering just how a human was able to survive a drop from so high without breaking or shattering their legs. 
 Arthur took a look at Leo and mostly ignored the girl beside him. He was trying to see if it was a vampire he recognised. The power in him was quite strong just for a regular vampire, so perhaps he was related closely to one of the thirteen families, Arthur thought. But unfortunately, he didn't recognise him. 
 "You, what family are you from?" Arthur asked. 
 To be honest, Leo had thought he might have had to get into a fight with such a person almost instantly, and the sudden question had thrown him off a little. He didn't even know what he meant by family, but he seemed to remember a couple of things that Quinn had told him. 
 "I'm part of the Cursed family." Leo replied, waiting to see his response. 
 'Cursed family.' It was a name he really didn't know. Had things really changed so much since he was gone? Usually, family names hardly ever changed unless a single family had completely gone extinct. They would then call upon a new branch of vampires to be created forming a new family. But this was rare. While thinking about this, that's when Arthur spotted something else. 
 His eyes started to light up as he asked his next question. 
 "You, where did you get that ring?" Arthur asked. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 474 Let me help you 
 The ring that Arthur was looking at was clearly displayed on Leo's finger, but it wasn't just any ring. The ring had been given to Leo by Quinn before he left. It was unknown to both of them that the original owner of such said ring, was standing in front of Leo right now. 
 Of course, the ring could have belonged to anyone, after all, his wasn't the only ring in existence. They were quite common for vampires, but there were a few things that made Arthur sure that it was the one that belonged to him. 
 First, the man in front of him was a regular vampire, regular vampires had the advanced tier ring. It didn't make sense to give them such a high tier ring that blocked out the sun permanently. The only people that had these, were vampire knights and above. 
 As for the second reason, this one was more obvious, it had the mark of a skull and a hammer. The marking showing it belonged to his family. 
 "Everyone, lower your weapons," Arthur said as he walked through. They did as they were told and he started to walk to the others. When he was within the distance of touching the two, he could hear their nervous heartbeats. 
 "Don't be afraid." He said with a smile. "You're my saviour. Please treat these two as our respected guests. I have a lot to learn from them. Treat them as you would me. Once they are released and settled in, send them to my room." 
 Before Ruby or the others could ask why, Arthur had already jumped back up and went back into his house. As he walked, he continued to smile. Thinking about what he could learn from this man. He wanted to treat the one that woke him well. 
 'Are all vampires this carefree?' Leo thought, but that didn't seem to be the case when he compared him to the silver beauty he had met before. Their powers were vastly different, and with it, their attitude seemed to be as well. 
 As requested, Ruby made it up to her to treat the guests. Both Erin and Leo weren't dressed the best, so they allowed them to bathe and changed their clothing. They treated them nicely, just as Arthur had asked, providing them with food and such. 
 The two of them wanted to ask questions, they wanted to leave, but no one would reply to them. When they were having a bath, guards were still put to keep an eye on them, especially since Ruby noticed that on the clothing that they had with them, there were marks of blood. 
 They didn't have much time to change and had come here in a great rush. 
 After, the two of them were preparing to meet Arthur and were placed in a waiting room waiting to be guided to the upper platforms. 
 "Leo, you looked at that person differently. I know you, and usually, you have a huge amount of confidence when going into certain situations, but not this one. Who is that guy?" Erin asked. 
 "That man, I believe he is a vampire. He probably is treating me like this because I am one as well." Leo replied. 
 "You mean like Quinn?" Then there was the horrid question she needed to ask but didn't want to. "And if we were to get into a fight with him, could we win?" 
 Leo didn't reply, but he simply just shook his head. There was no hesitation when he thought about it. Meaning Leo didn't even give them a chance. The one who they called a blind hero. The one who was able to defeat many of the Dalki. 
 Eventually, the two of them were escorted to Arthur's house at the very top by Ruby and a few others. When they finally got there, they left to give them some privacy. It looked like Arthur ran the place around here based on how he was being treated and respected. 
 There were a few sofas and a small table with some fruits on it in the middle. While Arthur sat on one side, he placed his hand with his palm open, signalling the others to sit opposite them. Leo sat down, and Erin decided she would follow what he was doing as well. 
 "The fruit is for you young girl, as for us two, our diets are a little bit different. I assume you already know that if you are travelling with the man, and considering he hasn't ripped out your neck yet, you should know." Arthur started to chuckle after but quickly stopped when he saw that Erin didn't find what he said funny at all. 
 "I want to thank you," Arthur said, looking at Leo. "You see when I was put to sleep, it was done so knowing that my people were safe. I left them to another, and I thought I would never be needed again. We choose to go to a planet away from all that mess of a council, and we no longer wanted to be involved in their business." 
 Before saying the next part, Arthur clenched his fist in anger. 
 "But I see that wasn't true at all. My people weren't safe, and I can't even feel any of them alive even now. Something happened to them, and I must find out. This is why I'm thanking you. Because you set me free, I am now able to exact revenge for me people, and when I do, I shall go back into my eternal sleep like I was meant to do from the beginning." 
 Leo didn't say anything, this was because he was baffled. He knew he had done no such thing and judging by his reaction. Arthur could tell he wasn't entirely clear. 
 "The ring on your finger. You got it from my tower, did you not? I placed it there as a reward. For those that were admitted to be a punisher in the future, usually, a task is given, and they will be allowed to enter the tower. As I left, I put up rewards, although I never expected someone to take the ring out of all those that were there?" Arthur asked. 
 "Unfortunately, you have it all wrong," Leo replied. 
 Leo went on to tell him how he was turned by someone else. He didn't really mention Quinn's name as there was no need. Leo knew how Quinn had become a vampire, and it seemed to be stranger than most. Considering the way Arthur was speaking, it made him sound like he had been asleep for hundreds of years while Quinn was only sixteen years of age. 
 Leo then went on to explain how he was left to his own devices and had arrived here due to his own goals, as they were escaping from someone. Arthur seemed to now be very interested in the person that had changed Leo. 
 He could sense the vampire in front of him was very strong, so he wanted to meet the person. Mostly since they were able to obtain the blood crystal that had freed him. 
 "This boy, do you know what ability he had, maybe then I could pinpoint him to one of the families and thank him?" Arthur asked. 
 Usually, Leo wouldn't delve into such information, but he felt like Arthur was genuine about what he said. And after all, Quinn had already revealed to the whole world his ability, so he saw no harm if he was to find out sooner or later. 
 "He has the ability to control the shadows," Leo answered. 
 A smile then appeared on Arthur's face. This was indeed strange, one of them was still alive. He started to wonder what reason that could be, why was their only one left, had they gone in hiding, did they survive what the others hadn't. If he was to find him maybe he could tell them what had happened to his people. 
 However, he still would only go to see them when he was at a hundred percent. He then looked out from his house outside, and could see some of the people walking past. There was also a second thing he wanted to do before he left. To make sure that these people would be able to handle themselves. 
 He didn't want a repeat of what had happened. 
 "Thank you for your help, well, you said you were here to train as much as you can right? Why don't I give you a hand with that?" Arthur said. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 475 Leo changing? 
 After everything was sorted between all of them, both Erin and Leo were welcomed into the shelter. It took awhile for the others to get used to them, but because Arthur was treating them so nicely, the others felt like they needed to as well. 
 During their time on the planet, the three of them would frequently go out to train by the river, which was Arthur's spot. Knowing Leo was a new vampire. Arthur taught as much as he could and told them information about the vampire world, at least all that he could remember. 
 While there, Leo was concentrating on focusing his Qi better and also had passed all of his information to Erin. It turned out she was a fast learner. The main reason for this was her drive. She had the will to learn and get stronger all though this power-hungry side of her worried Leo a bit. 
 Often, both Arthur and Leo would spar. When fighting, Arthur two would use his weapon. The first time they had a spar, Arthur was in for a surprise. The attacks were far stronger than that for a regular vampire, it was clear this man was incredibly skilful. 
 'Is this that Qi I often heard them talk about. It seems to be incredibly handy things the humans have managed to learn. I wonder if it's something I could do as well?' But Arthur never did ask Leo to teach him. 
 It was no fun that way, and instead, he wanted to figure it out for himself. 
 While fighting, Leo was going full out, he knew he could deal with it and knew that Arthur had no trouble at all, so then he decided to give him something that might shock him. 
 A blood swipe using the sword and Qi was produced. Seeing this, he thought it was a regular blood swipe like all the others. When swinging his great large sword to match it the strength for the first time had shocked him. 
 But still, he hadn't moved a single spot from his position. Tensing his arm up a bit more, and flicking his hand, he was able to throw and deflect the attack making it go up in the air. 
 "That attack destroyed king tier armour before," Leo thought. "Yet it was unable to even put a chip in that sword. Just what is that sword. I haven't seen him use it properly once." 
 After that first session, they had less and fewer fights as there wasn't really much they could learn from each other. Their levels were too far apart, and Leo mainly focused on teaching Erin. However, it did give Leo the boost he needed to know that there were strong people out there he needed to prepare for. 
 A few days later, In one of the training sessions, something strange had happened to Leo. he had stopped in place and dropped his sword on the ground. It was a worrying sign for everyone. 
 But this was because he had felt a surge of energy rising in his body. He could feel it, his body was starting to change. He didn't say much and sat down, focusing his Qi trying to control the changes in his body. 
 However, just like before it looked like this would be something he couldn't avoid. The purple energy was evolving into something else. 
 Arthur looked over and was wondering when this was going to happen. He could tell Leo was at the peak of being a vampire and would evolve into a noble at any time. 
 The strange thing was why it didn't happen sooner than later, and why suddenly in the middle like so. Usually, there would be some sort of breakthrough, a grand fight when one was pushed to their limits. If this didn't happen then, vampires could force it through a ritual, but neither of these things had happened. 
 In order to aid Leo, Arthur asked Erin to slit her wrist and pour some blood into Leo's mouth. She did so and was surprised that Arthur himself hadn't asked for some. 
 "Would you like some?" Erin asked, a little nervous in her voice. She felt like for some reason, it was rude not to ask, but at the same time, it was weird offering one your blood. 
 He looked at it for a second before declining and instructing her further on how to help Leo. 
 The whole time they had been here, Arthur not once needed blood. He might have been getting it from somewhere else. But he didn't seem like the type to do that. 
 After the long wait, the transformation was over, and Leo looked like a new man. The most surprising change of all was he actually looked a bit younger. It was the new cells in his body, as everything about him had changed. 
 Moving his body slowly, Leo tried to get a hang of it, and it didn't take him long until he had the biggest smile one had seen on his face. 
 'This...With this new body, I can feel it. I might have a chance to go back to what I once was. Maybe even beyond. Quinn, I know you may think you have cursed me, but I wish to thank you with all my heart." Leo thought. 
 There was one thing humans could never defeat, and that was old age. They could replace their body parts with technology, but it wasn't the same, especially when it came to things like using Qi in your body. It needed original cells which were something robotic parts couldn't do. 
 Leo was past his prime, and he tried his best to fight it with daily training, but there was a limit to what he could do. 
 Vampires had an advantage in this, their body structures were different, and Leo was liking it. 
 Even though Leo had a newfound body, he never once quitted his will to train Erin, and it was good for him to learn control in his own strength. 
 Finally, one day, when the group was out training by the river as they usually did Leo felt something. An incredible pain was felt in his chest as he fell to the floor. 
 "What's happening Leo, are you okay?" Erin asked as she rushed over and looked to Arthur for guidance. "Is he evolving again?" 
 "Describe the pain?" Arthur asked. 
 "It's a burning sensation around my chest. It hurts but not physical pain, it's as if something is pulling on it." Leo said with difficulty. 
 "Your creator… He's in trouble." Arthur replied. "Usually a bond wouldn't stretch this far between planets. Even when one is hurt, but when they are on the brink of death and their blood is low. Every vampire that he ever created will feel the pain. When he's finally gone, that pain will go away." 
 "Does this mean something is happening to Quinn and the others!?" Erin asked. Had Jack Truedream found out what happened, or had Pure got to them trying to get to her. Right now, Erin was worried about all the possibilities. 
 "Do you want to save him?" Arthur asked. 
 The two looked at each other, and she looked at Leo, who was in pain. 
 "I promised that if he was ever in serious trouble, that I would come to help him at any time. I don't want to be made out as a liar." Leo said. 
 And Erin nodded, agreeing with his statement. 
 "You two are strong and brave. If you were normal vampires, I would have invited you over to my side. You have the right attributes.... Let's go save him then." Said, Arthur. 
 "What do you mean, how?" Erin asked. 
 "The ability you said your creator has, it turns out I have the same one. One unique ability of ours is we can travel to each other's shadows whenever we wish. It was what made us a force to be reckoned with. No vampires, creatures or such could ambush us. Although we were small in number, we were a unit to be reckoned with." 
 Walking over to the two of them, he waited until they were ready. When they were, he gave them instruction telling them to grab on to him. 
 Minny, who would often come over to watch them training, was sitting by her usual boulder and looking at them. 
 "Arthur, are you going?" She asked. 
 "Don't worry, it is not my time to say goodbye yet. I promise I will be back." Arthur said. 
 With those words, the shadow on the ground grew in size underneath the three of their feet and slowly they started to sink into the deep shadow. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 476 I want him! 
 Out from Quinn's dark shadow, Quinn could sense something was behind him, but he was barely able to lift his head to look at the three figures standing by his side. His health was low, and he had been badly hurt. But seeing how Vadeen suddenly backed up like that, made him want to see what was happening. 
 Using the last bit of strength he had, he lifted his head and could see the faces of people he never expected to see. "Leo…Erin and…and.." As for the last person, Quinn had no clue who he was, but he could tell he was strong. 
 Both Leo and Erin were dressed in a sort of green armour, it was made using the beasts from the planet they were on. All of the equipment they were using was at the advanced level. The crystals provided were from the beasts Arthur had killed before they had even arrived. Apart form Leo's sword that was. 
 As for the man in the middle, Arthur, he wore nothing but a standard set of clothing and didn't even have his weapon on him. 
 Arthur looked at the punisher boy on the floor carefully, it was clear the boy had the same ability as his. However, it was someone he didn't know. He thought that the last surviving punisher would have at least been someone he recognized. 
 Looking at the situation, there was only the face of a single person on the field he noticed, but he could feel their strength. He knew right now he was in the presence of the new vampire leaders, the ones chosen while he was in his slumber. 
 "Did you decide to go up against them on your own? It looks like you are a punisher at heart after all." Arthur said. 
 "Now who here decided to hurt my little punisher?" Arthur asked with a calm expression, but the aura surrounding his body was telling a completely different story. 
 All of the fights that were happening had now stopped from his pressure alone, and even the leaders took a step back. 
 "Who is this guy?" Jin said. "I know the punishers had the ability to travel to each other at any time, but I don't recognize this person. But it's clear…he is not one to mess with." 
 Due to the power, the leaders had taken a step back. As for Bryce, he had finally managed to get a good hit on the Bone Claw, and for the first time it had backed off. Due to Quinn weakening the Bone claw wasn't in the best shape either and it started to return to Quinn's side. 
 "Bonney?" Arthur said. "Is the king here, I thought that man would have given up his familiar long ago." But then, he saw the mist from the bone claw start to disappear and head towards the punisher boy on the floor. 
 'This boy, he was the one who freed me, and he has the kings familiar? I have a lot to learn, whatever the case is, I can not let him die.' 
 "Erin, it's best if you help out your friend, if he doesn't get any blood soon, he will die." 
 Erin quickly going to Quinn's side, made a cut on her hand and started to give him the desperate blood that he needed. 
 At this point, Bryce had, had enough. 
 "What are you doing, we are the vampire council. We are the order of the vampires." The punishers no longer judge us. They have no power over us. Get rid of this guy!" Bryce shouted. 
 The others snapped out of their frozen state and continued to fight their counterparts. 
 "Guy? Bryce, you were nothing but a normal vampire back then, and now you have the balls to call me some guy?" Arthur replied. 
 But Bryce was a little confused, he didn't remember seeing the person in front of him, he was sure he had never met him before. Although the punishers were mostly covered in armour that hid their appearance from others. The only one that was known to the others was the leader, and this person was not the leader they knew. 
 It was not the leader they had killed back then. 
 Quinn had now consumed enough blood, but his wounds were severe, and it would take a little time to heal. Erin was continually looking over in Layla's direction, a lot of blood could be seen, and she didn't seem to be moving. 
 "Go, I will not let this boy die," Arthur said. 
 And with those words, Erin quickly rushed over to Layla's position to help her against the vampire leader Jill. 
 There had been a little shift in the fights that were ongoing since the appearance of the new people, and this was all being communicated by Jin. The reason, they knew that they would need more than one leader to take on the mysterious new presence that had arrived. 
 The leader Kyle that was facing Borden, had run off to join Bryce, the same with the leader who was fighting Edward named Prima. Edward was already down and out of the fight, so he too had gone to join Bryce. 
 Borden originally wanted to chase the leader he was fighting, even though he was severely hurt and wounded. However, he stopped himself, the main reason being that Vorden was struggling against the vampire knight, now that it was using its ability as well. Because of this, Borden rushed over to his brother's side. 
 Finally, as for Silver and Fex, they still weren't doing the best. In truth, Silver was far too concerned for her brother. At first, he was a great help, but as the fight continued, he was now only getting in the way. 
 "You know they told me to go and help beat that new punisher guy." Suzan, one of the leaders said. "But I'm just having too much fun breaking you down." 
 With the needle in her hand, she dashed forward, Silver had several whole marks oozing with blood from where the needle had hit before. Fex wanted to pull her, but he too couldn't move since there were two punctures that had been made in his legs. 
 "Die, Die, Die!" Suzan shouted with a mad look in her eyes. 
 "Now that's not very nice to say to a pretty girl." Out from the side, a slice from a sword had pinned the needle to the ground, and then with his Leg, a kick was made hitting Suzan away. 
 "It's you..?" Silver said, as she recognized the blind man, for she had a confrontation with him once before, however, there was something vastly different about him this time. Somehow, someway, he had been turned into a vampire. 
 "I hope you don't mind me helping?" Leo said with a smile. 
 With a shift of opponents, it now meant that Arthur was to face off against four leaders all on his own. There was Bryce who was fighting with the Bone claw up to this point. He had also taken out Lee, the thirteenth leader. Then there was Prima who had beaten Edward with ease without showing his ability and Kyle, who was winning in a battle of strength against the two spiked Dalki, Borden. On top of all this, there was also Vadeen, the person who had broken Quinn's bones. 
 "Now, is there really a need for four of you to go against me on my own. I guess Its time to test how well the new generation has been able to keep up with the old." Arthur said. 
 "Shadow equip." 
 Shadows started to form around Arthur's body in all different places, when the shadow dispersed, in its place, was a red and black armour design. It was the same armour that Fex and Quinn had seen when they had entered the tour. 
 Bryce, although couldn't recognize the man, he certainly did recognize the armour. This was the basic punishers armour that was given to each of them. An armour made from blood crystals. One that was crafted from the prisoners that they captured and punished. 
 It served as a reminder to the vampires, that if they wanted to break the rules, there was a good chance they would become a part of their equipment. Although for now, Arthur still had chosen to keep his blade in his shadow not using it, for he didn't feel the need to. 
 "Wait!" A voice from behind Arthur shouted. When he turned around to look, he could see it was the punisher boy standing up on his feet. He had managed to heel far quicker then he had thought, especially from such server wounds like that. 
 "I don't know who you are or why you are helping my friends and me, but I want to just ask you one thing." As Quinn said these words, Arthur could see a fire and anger burning in his eyes. 
 "What is your wish boy," Arthur asked. 
 "Let me take on him," Quinn said, pointing at Vadeen. "I need to..show him everything I got." 
 Vadeen starter to break out in laughter. 
 "You Fool! I beat you before, what difference is there now. You want another beating fine by me." 
 But this time Quinn knew it would be different, he was far too distracted by the others, but he could sense the power in Leo and Erin. He could trust them now to help out his friends. So that meant he could concentrate on his fight with the vampire leader a hundred percent and show him everything he had, unlike before. 
 "Go ahead boy, he is all yours. Show him what it's like to mess with a punisher" Arthur said. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 477 Straight to the next step 
 As Erin rushed over to Layla and the two other girls, she could see that Layla was in pain with her eyes closed. She was groaning but still breathing, which was a relief. 
 "Who did this to her?" Erin asked. 
 Amy looking towards where Xander was standing, they could see Jill not too far from him. She had her hand, held over her shoulder. It was where the blood shot had managed to hit her. Usually, something like this would have healed by now, but for some reason, the attack was taking longer to heal than usual. 
 The look Amy had given was all Erin needed to tell who it was. 
 'That was no ordinary blood shoot, why hasn't it healed yet.' 
 While in the middle of her thoughts, she could see a blonde girl walking towards her with a calm expression on her face. Her sword had been drawn, and she didn't look away from Jill for a second. 
 "Make sure she lives, or you're all dead," Erin said as she walked past Xander. 
 Xander and Jill had no clue who this girl was, but there was one thing they were sure about. It was the fact that she was human. They could smell it. 
 'How could a human be so confident when going up against a vampire knight like this?' Xander thought. 'Who are these crazy humans, what the hell is happening.... Well, I guess I'm not completely sane either. I went against the first leader. I'll be lucky if I'm still in the first family after this.' 
 When she was close enough to Jill, Erin had thrown out her sword. It was slow, but this was done on purpose. Through the use of Qi, one was able to speed up the cells in their body. They partly became superhuman. Right now, Erin wasn't using any Qi on her body, instead she had focused all of it on the blade. 
 "What is wrong with you all!" Jill said, as she hardened her arm ready to knock the sword out of the human's hand. 
 But when the sword went down and the two collided, the sword wasn't knocked away. It had instead pierced through her skin. Jill was fast though and the second this had happened she pulled her arm away and took a step back. 
 There was a cut across her forearm, and just like with the blood bullet, it was healing at a slow rate. 
 'These humans, do they know some type of weakness against the vampires?' Jill thought. 
 Seeing how the vampire had backed up, Erin had decided to charge again, but it was a mistake. This was a vampire leader, and it wouldn't be that easy. Perhaps Jill was a bit foolish in thinking she could knock the blade away but the strike, she could defiantly avoid. 
 Erin, swung, swung and swung again and even though each of these hits would have hurt the vampire, none of them were able to connect. 
 'Damn it!' Erin thought, 'Am I still this weak without an ability? But I trained so hard.' The problem wasn't that Erin was weak like she thought she was. It was just that a vampire leader was too strong. 
 Jill proceeded to hit her in the stomach and sent her back flying, but before she could go any further, her back had hit something and two hands were felt upon her shoulder. 
 "Let me help you." A sweet, calming voice said. "Like the old times." 
 It was a voice that was comforting, and one she hadn't heard in a while, but when she turned around to look expecting to see Layla, she was seeing something completely different altogether. 
 The bottom half was the body was that of a snake, and from their upwards, a beautifully curved figure could be seen and finally, on top of its head it had two very large horns and fangs like tusks coming from its mouth. 
 Although her body was completely different, Erin could see behind all those features that it was Layla's face. The wound that was felt on her stomach had now completely healed and she seemed to be a foot taller as well. 
 "Layla… You went through a lot as well, I see." She said with a bit of sadness in her voice. 
 Layla had managed to consume Cia's negative emotions, but it was more than she had ever consumed before. This was because Cia felt like it was her fault that Layla had been so hurt in the first place. 
 What this resulted in was a skip in the evolution stage, instead of going from a regular Hannya to a Chunari, she went from a Hannya to a Honnari. Skipping the middle step completely. 
 The two girls were ready to do battle... 
 Vorden, or now Raten, was busy fighting against the vampire knight. However, it wasn't just any vampire knight. It was the one belonging to the first leader Bryce, making it one of the stronger of the lot. 
 He had done well to remove an arm from the knight. Cia's spirit spear had done them well in wearing the vampire but ever since the first spear attack. Raten was unable to get another one in. The knight was quick to work out that the spirit spear was what had caused his energy to be drained from him. 
 His wound that was open around his arm had now healed up and he could still use his spear well, even with just a single hand. 
 "Come on, what's wrong? I know you're better than that!" Raten said trying to taunt the knight. "I'm just a weak human, who managed to chop off your arm, don't you want to return the favour?" Raten said pointing at his own arm with his blade. 
 The knight closed his eyes and took a deep breath getting his composure back to what it once was. "Your right, I shouldn't let my pride get in the way. What would be more of an embarrassment, is if I were to lose this fight to you." 
 Charging in, the vampire moved slightly faster than before but Raten was a bit of a genius natural fighter. Not only could he wield two abilities but he was a better fighter than Vorden and Sil. He could often predict where his opponent's attacks would be, the reason for this, was because he would create openings on purpose for them to aim for. 
 When the knight threw out his spear, Raten had already known where he was going to attack beforehand, for he was aiming in the spot he had created. Seeing this with a flick of his head he was able to avoid the spear. 
 This is what he had been doing throughout the fight, although his own attacks were still too slow to do anything back. 
 "I thought you were going to attack like you meant it this time!" Raten said, hoping to anger him to the point where he would make a careless mistake, and so far he hadn't. 
 But then, a smile appeared on the knight's face. Pulling the spear back and not touching his body at all, multiple stinging pain spots were felt in his shoulder and across Raten's face. 
 Blood was dripping from Raten's shoulder as well as the scratches on his face. 
 'But I completely dodged the blow, how?' Raten thought. 
 Not letting up, the knight charged in again with his spear and this time Raten used his placement technique again, controlling the flow of the spear to the right spot. 
 "Raten that didn't work last time, why do you think it will work again!" Vorden shouted. 
 "Shut up!" He replied. 
 However, this time, it seemed like he wasn't even aiming for a certain spot on Raten's body and just aiming somewhere near it. The spear attack had missed his belly by a few centimeters. Raten didn't even have to dodge this one. 
 Still, moments later and a deeper cut than the ones before had come out from the side of his stomach. 
 "It has to be an ability of some sort, the same as the leader," Vorden explained. 
 But what else could Raten do? He was avoiding the blows narrowly before and that was using all the skills he had and even that didn't seem to work. 
 The fight continued and Raten was continuing to get dealt blow after blow and his movements more sluggish. It had eventually reached the point where his movements were starting to slow and finally for the first time. The spear had managed to hit him cleanly in the thigh. 
 The knight quickly pulled it out and proceeded to lick the end of the spear. "You humans are nothing but a food source for us. You thought you probably crippled me for life by removing my arm. But you see us vampires, we aren't like you. As long as I get that arm back and consume a bit of blood, it will reattach itself. All I need to do Is…" Then the knight had stopped mid explanation, the reason why was his arm. Seconds ago he saw it was on the floor and now it had completely disappeared. 
 "Looking for this!" A voice shouted and as the vampire turned his head, his own arm was slammed into his face with such great force his body had gone flying over across to the other side. When he finally had hit the floor, it looked as if the vampire was no longer moving. 
 "That guy was a lot easier than the vampire leader," Borden said. Borden too was covered in blood, but the special trait of the Dalki was the more they were hurt the stronger they got, and Borden was badly hurt from the fight with the leader. 
 The punch he had just delivered was the most powerful attack he was able to make so far. When Borden turned around to see if his brother was okay though, a white blade was seen in his sights. 
 Lifting up his arm and with his hard scaled skin, he was able to block the attack and the blade wasn't able to go very far in but still had caused a cut. 
 "What are you doing brother, we are on the same side, have you gone mad!" Borden shouted. 
 "You stole my kill, I was going to skewer that guy and shove my blade up his arse, but you had to come and ruin it!" Raten shouted. 
 Knocking the blade away, the calm and fun expression that was usually shown on Borden's face hadn't appeared. For the first time, it actually looked as if he was angry. 
 "You are not my brother..Who are you. Tell me where my brother is?" Borden demanded, this newfound anger was causing a new tingling feeling to be felt on his back, as a third spike was starting to be revealed. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 478 Best Actor 
 "Raten, switch with me now!" Vorden shouted as he saw the third spike beginning to grow on Borden's back. 
 It was clear that his emotional state had made him stronger, and now he was going onto the next stage. The question was, how far could Borden go. The humans didn't know much about the Dalki race, but there were a few observations that had been made about them. 
 The Dalki for one didn't really train. They did learn some basic combat skills for fighting, but they didn't really train to get stronger. It wasn't like they had abilities that they need to grow and master. What this meant was the number of spikes a Dalki would have or were able to have, was determined from the day they were born. They were natural fighting warriors, and as for Borden, he seemed to be very talented. 
 "No!" Raten replied. 
 "What do you mean, it's clear he's like this because he can tell we're different, and what the hell did you go and attack him for? Do you want to get us killed?" 
 But Raten remained silent as Borden's spike was still growing outward. 
 "You can thank me for this later," Raten said as he started running. 
 In Peter's fight against the fellow Wight, it had gotten to the point where he had regenerated too many times. His hunger was now at an extreme. 
 "How many more times can I regenerate? I haven't even been able to hit him yet, apart from the first attack?" Peter thought, and when things looked like it couldn't get any worse, they had just done. 
 He could feel that his two Lesser Wights had been killed and now another Vampire knight was coming in his direction. 
 Looking around, Peter was trying to see if there was anyone he could turn. There was the first knight that Quinn had killed, but it had the top half of its body blown off. It was unlikely he was able to turn that into a Wight. As for the others, they were still busy fighting away. 
 Then he looked in the direction of Vorden's fight and could see that the knight he had faced was unmoving and down. He wasn't sure if the knight had died, but he was definitely badly hurt. If Peter was able to turn a vampire knight, it could be the advantage he needed just to delay the fight a little longer. 
 That's when he noticed something. When looking in that direction, he could see Vorden running his way. He looked to be sweating as he ran as fast as he could. 
 'Is there something even more terrifying after him?' 
 When peaking around Vorden, he could see that Borden was following closely behind with two-spirit spears in his body. 
 "Maybe they are here to help me?" Peter thought. 
 "Get out the way you undead freak!" Raten shouted. "Move, Move, Move." 
 It was clear he wasn't the only one confused by this, as the two vampires knights that had arrived were as well. 
 "Now it's your turn. It's time to put on the show of your life." Raten said as he left the chair and allowed Borden to take over. 
 Vorden was confused by just what he was doing. Had he really just angered a three spike Dalki and taken him into the middle of the Vampire knights? But when thinking about the situation like that, an idea really did come into his head. 
 The spirit spears were starting to wear off, and soon Borden would be back at full strength. 
 Suddenly, Vorden went down on his knees as if he was in pain. His hands over his head. 
 "Borden it's me! Your brother!" Vorden shouted. "I don't have much time, but I managed to fight something that's trying to take control of my mind. I think it's one of the vampire knights' abilities. I think it's possibly the two closest to me." 
 Borden had stopped, he could tell that this really was the Vorden he knew. Borden had made a note of all the attributes of his brother. The fluctuation, tone of voice, and the overall body movement and the way he carried himself. 
 When he was taken over, his voice was slightly angrier, confident and his posture when moving was utterly different. To Borden, he really had become a different person. 
 He looked at the two vampire knights, the Wight and the other up ahead. 
 "Don't worry, I will get you back!" 
 A step off his foot and the ground beneath was uplifted by his power. The tiles from the floor had come apart and gone up in the air. In an instant, he had appeared directly where the Wight's feet were. 
 It was too fast for the Wight to do anything, and as it was lifting its hands to cover its face, a fist had already been slammed into it. The fist continued to go down until the punch's power had ended with his head being crushed against the floor. 
 He had been killed. 
 "You gotta protect the head…At all costs," Peter said. 
 Turning around, Borden went to look at Vorden to see if he was okay, but he still had his hands on his head and was moving about as if something was trying to take over him. 
 The other knight who had just recently joined the fight could see how easily his fellow comrade was defeated. Something had clicked inside him that hadn't happened since he had a spar with the vampire leaders. It was fear. 
 Before he knew it, he was already turning around and running in another direction, but this was a mistake. A hand was felt on the back of his head, and soon he could see the sky. He was pulled back and slammed into the ground as well. 
 Turning once more, Borden wanted to see if his brother was okay. 
 "Ha, ha you will never find me amongst the vampire knights, you three spiked crap. What do you think you are, a dragon? What kind of lame arse Dragon looks like you!" Vorden and Raten had switched temporally once again, this way for sure he knew it was a different person. 
 Borden started laughing with a smile on his face. 
 "Maybe you didn't notice, but there is only one vampire knight left on the field," Borden said. Proud of his deduction. He was off to the next place. 
 This time it was by Logan's side. 
 Even though Logan's blood energy blade had gone, he had switched to the normal beast energy blades that could harm the king tier beast. As well as this, during the time Arthur and the others had come as a distraction, he had used this time to change his suit. Currently, he was wearing a large bulky mecha like defensive type suit. 
 It was badly damaged right now, but he only needed to hold off until help arrived, and it certainly had arrived at the most unexpected time. 
 The Vampire knight was pounding away at the metallic Mecha suit, the blows so strong that they were still going through the thick heavy armour and was hurting Logan inside, but then a blur came. The vampire knight was no longer in front of Logan. 
 Looking to the side, he could see Borden with the vampire knight underneath his foot, and the three spikes on his back. For the first time, Peter, Vorden, and Logan felt like they could rest. 
 It was clear for all three of them that they were not at the strength of a vampire knight. Most of them hadn't used their ability apart from the one facing Vorden. If they never had the three spiked Dlaki, it was quite possible that all of them would have been dead. 
 "Raten, did you really need to do something like that and anger him?" Vorden asked. "He was on our side anyway, we could have just asked him to fight the vampire knights." 
 'True, but without my agitation, he would have never become a three spiked Dalki. Whatever it's fine. I'll go back to my hole. Bring me back out when a pretty lady comes along. And maybe you should become an actor rather than a fighter." 
 The leaders, who were now standing by the crowd, and including the crowd themselves, couldn't believe it. It looked like the intruders had managed to turn the tide in a few seconds, and it was all thanks to the mysterious beast looking human. 
 "Were the Dalki always this strong?" Cindy asked as she seemed to have a dep concerned look as her eyebrows came closer together. 
 "That's the strength of three spikes?" Jin said. "Perhaps we have left them alone for too long. As long there aren't many above the three spike level. We will still be fine. All this time we have been too worried about the threat of each other. Too long have we been at the top, maybe they had grown in this time." 
 But as Jin said that, something strange started to happen. Borden had collapsed and fallen to the ground. It was so sudden, so instant that the others didn't know what was happening. Nothing had come out and attacked him, and moments ago he looked so strong as he had taken out the Dalki. 
 Peter, Logan and Vorden had run over, and the suit was starting to come apart from Logan as the spiders began to turn into something more slimming. 
 "What's happening to him?" Vorden asked. 
 They could see that he was covered heavily in sweat, his spikes that were on his back were reverting into his body. It was a sight they had never seen or heard off before. Once a Dalki spike was out, it stayed out. 
 He looked incredibly weak, in pain, and his eyes looked as if they were asking for help from the others. 
 "I think... he's dying," Logan said. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 479 Saving Borden 
 Both Erin and Layla in her new snake body were ready to battle together. It had been a long time since they had fought on the same team, and a nice feeling appeared in Layla's heart as she was reminded of the old times. However, it would be completely different from before. 
 The two girls were different fighters compared to the last time. Erin's sword abilities were good, but they weren't too great as she would often rely on her ice ability that she no longer had. As for Layla, although she still used her bow to do battle from time to time, she was now focused on her new abilities as a vampire. 
 This was actually a major problem for her at the moment. She had never been in the Honnari state before. She had no time to test it and had no clue what her current form was capable of. As for her emotions, right now they were a mixture of things. She felt anger, sadness, and compassion as she looked towards Erin. 
 Looking at her, a strange feeling in her stomach was felt and she could feel something light up. Moving up from her belly it wanted to come out of her mouth and eventually, something had come out. It was what could only be described as a green ball of fire. It had dropped from her mouth and was in her hands. The flames continued to move flickering. 
 She didn't know why, but even though it was a ball of fire, the glow made it look soft and peaceful. There was no pain as she held it in her hand. Then suddenly, just like when Peter knew what to do with the Wights, she understood what she needed to do with the green ball. 
 Erin had been hurt from the vampire kick just moments before. Using the green ball, she placed it on Erin's back. The green ball of fire started to morph into her body but no pain was felt, and a calming warm feeling was felt inside of Erin's body. 
 The pain that was felt in her stomach was now there no longer. 
 "What kind of magic spell was that?" Erin asked. 
 "I think it was a healing.. fireball." Lyala said realising how ridiculous the last bit had sounded. 
 Erin, feeling that she was back to her regular self, was ready to fight once more. Xander and Amy had already left the field and headed back to the crowd. The leaders standing by the crowd gave them a glance but did nothing as they joined the others. They weren't going to do or say anything about their involvement, and perhaps Bryce was too distracted to even notice which students had come to their Aid. 
 "A Hannya, such a useful subclass to have." Phill, the teacher who had taught Layla and the other subclasses, was also among the class. He was surprised when he first saw Layla, but not too much. If there was a Hannya in the vampire settlement, then he would have known about it before they had attended school, so he knew something was up. 
 However, Jill wasn't just going to stand there while the two were trying to figure out a plan. She moved in for the kill once again. The attack was still too fast for Erin to completely react in time. A kick was sent towards her head, and Erin had moved her arm up, reinforcing it with Qi just before it had hit. 
 She was knocked over towards the side by the powerful kick, but at least her arm wasn't broken due to the Qi. Next, Jill moved on to Layla, striking her in the stomach, but through her natural instincts, and using her body, she had moved back. The blow had still hit, but it also had negated most of the attack. 
 Her flexible body seemed to be more than just a look change. 
 By now, Erin had returned with an attack of her own. It was a swing and a miss and another hit was made towards Erin, knocking her away again. 
 After seeing this, anger started to fill Layla, and this time a red fire ball had fallen from her mouth. It was clear that this one was different from the green one. She threw the fire ball directly at Jill who was coming towards her and the ball had hit her shoulder causing a scorch mark and a small explosion to take place. 
 While Jill was recovering, Layla had to think on her feet about what to do. She started to think of Erin and the green flame ball appeared, only this time, she started to imagine it in a different shape. The green ball started to change until eventually, it had made an arrow. 
 Although it was made from flames, the object was quite solid. Taking her bow from her back, she shot the arrow at Erin who was now a distance away and the ball had hit her right in the stomach. Its effects started, and the healing had begun. 
 It looked as if different colored balls would be produced based on the different emotions she was feeling, and these balls depending on the color had a different effect. On top of this, the flames could form a solid shape and she could alter it. 
 Using it with her arrow meant she could apply these effects from nearly anywhere on the battlefield as long as she had good aim. 
 Although the two of them weren't able to do much to the vampire leader, with Layla's new skills and Erin, the two of them could make the fight go on for a while. 
 Over at where the boys were, they were all deeply concerned for Borden, who still looked to be in pain on the floor. Vorden especially, after hearing what Logan had said. 
 Although Vorden hadn't known Borden for long, he felt close to him. He actually had felt more like a real brother than any of his actual siblings did. Whatever the case, he didn't want him to die. 
 "Please Logan, if anyone can do something about this, I know it's you. You can do something, right?" Vorden asked. 
 But Logan wasn't really sure what was wrong. If his theory was correct and that Borden was created due to the information he had inputted, was there something wrong with the formula he had created? 
 He thought long and hard at where the possible margin of error could be until he had come up with something, it was a thought or perhaps a theory. The green liquid that was created was part beast and part human blood. 
 The error had to be in one of these two things. Either something was wrong with Vorden's blood during the process, or it was the beast crystal that was used. 
 Thinking about it more, Logan was starting to think that the beast crystal used during the process played a bigger factor than he thought. If he was to imagine the Dalki being like his energy weapon when using crystals. Logan had only used an intermediate tier crystal to create the green liquid. 
 Maybe when Borden had used his power just like with his crystals, it was a bright flame that was burning the wax away even quicker, but if a stronger beast crystal was used... 
 Now, something even stranger was happening to Borden's body. Both of the spikes including the scales had already disappeared from his body, but now it looked like he was physically shrinking. He wasn't getting younger, but just smaller in size. 
 "Hey if this continues on, he might completely disappear!" Peter said. 
 It was happening at such a fast rate that it looked like what Peter had said might have been right. 
 Not really knowing what to do, Logan was going in for a gamble. He pulled out the green liquid, the one he had created for Vorden, a spare and extra, and stabbed it into the side of Borden's arm and had injected it into him. 
 "Please work!" Logan said. 
 The shrinking hadn't stopped, but it had slowed down. On top of that, Borden's face appeared to be in less pain, but Logan no longer had any more green liquid that was created for Vorden. 
 However, he did have another syringe of green liquid, one that was obtained from the trial room. When Borden had come giving gifts, because he had denied taking the green syringe, he didn't have them as part of the rewards, so this was the only one they had. 
 He looked over at Quinn, who appeared to be ready for his battle against Vadeen. Honestly, Logan would have liked to have given the green syringe to Quinn, to give him more of a fighting chance. He knew that it gave a temporary boost to vampires. 
 "Please!" Vorden shouted again, seeing that Logan was hesitating with the syringe held in his hand. 
 When looking at Borden now, it looked ridiculous, for he was now the size of a small dog, yet still looked the same as before. Having no more time to waste, the syringe was stuck in and the liquid had been placed. 
 They all patiently waited for the results. Still, they could see it had some effect for the shrinking had stopped. However, Borden was now the size of a puppy that was able to fit into a handbag. He was nothing like his former self. 
 Then the scrunched up look on Borden's face had completely disappeared, and the sound of gentle snores was heard as he was sound asleep. 
 "Thank you," Vorden said. 
 Peter had to blink a few times and rub his eyes because he couldn't believe it. The scary Dalki that had defeated three vampire knights in an instant was now the size of a puppy and looked like a normal human. 
 "What in the world is going on?" Peter said. 
 All of them, now with the situation with the vampire knights over, looked at where Quinn was. They were all badly beaten up and hurt but honestly; they didn't want to get in the middle of Quinn's fight. He was going up against a vampire leader. 
 Each of them couldn't even beat a vampire knight, so all they could do was wish Quinn good luck. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 480 Last attack! 
 MVS 480 
 From the three leaders that stood in front of Arthur, there was no messing about on their end. Each one of them was taking this seriously and were planning to use their full strength. Unlike they had done with their opponents, they were facing before. This time, they had taken out their blood weapons. 
 Bryce, with his sword that was usually kept in his cane. Prima who wielded his rapier he used against Edward. But it looked a little different. The rounded guard was completely soaked red compared to the silver colour it was seconds before, and finally, Kyle, whose cape started to glow with little lines of red throughout. Looking like a volcano about to erupt. 
 "Honestly, you would have had a better chance with four of you." Arthur replied. " Besides, shouldn't you respect your elders? Do you even know how much older I am then you guys? Since you aren't planning to go easy on me, Then this old man can get a little serious." 
 In his red and black armour, Arthur lifted his hands up slightly, the ground beneath him started to move and wiggle. It looked like it was alive, but when one looked even closer, they would notice it was shadows. The shadow began to move and crawl up his back and eventually started to form something on his right side and left side. 
 When all the shadow had finally been completed and formed, the others could see what it had become. 
 "Are those wings!" Rokene said, looking from the side. 
 The shadows had formed two giant wings, coming out from the back and off to the side. The total amount of shadow that was being used to create such wings was around four times the amount Quinn would often use to protect himself. 
 'Shadows… Isn't that Quinn's ability?" Vorden said. "Is that why he's helping." 
 "That shadow, it's a lot more than Quinn can use." Peter replied "At first I thought it was stupid. We all saw how strong a vampire leader was. How could one person go against four? But from the look of all the leader's faces, including that cocky first leader. It looks like this man is far more dangerous than I thought." 
 Placing his hand out in front, pointing at the three leaders, Arthur spoke these words. The playful attitude he had on his face had become serious. 
 "You have harmed a fellow Punisher. The rule keepers of the Vampire code. As the grand judge of the vampires, I shall now come up with a verdict for your punishment. It is….Death." 
 The crowd didn't know why, but this presence, his words, everything he said, they sounded like words of truth and it sounded as if Arthur had said those words in the past many times. Perhaps it was his frightening appearance as if the devil himself had returned, with the large black wings on his back. 
 Glancing to the side, Aruther looked at the punisher boy, he had greatly interested him at this point, and he wanted to watch his fight. More so than concentrate on his own. 
 As for Quinn, with what was happening just to the side of him, it was impossible for him to not notice that the man's powers and his were the same. 
 'So the shadow power still has a lot of room to grow after all?" 
 But Quinn didn't have time to concentrate on that fight, for he had his own he needed to deal with. 
 "System, do you know anything about this Vampire leader Vadeen?" Quinn asked, hoping for some tips. He wouldn't be a fool and not ask for help when he had it right there. It was a serious matter, even though Erin had given him blood, she had only given him enough to heal up his wounds and restore him to full health. 
 But she hadn't given him enough for the blood bank. Erin was still busy fighting away with Layla, and as for the boys. They were on the other side of the area. If they wanted to get to Quinn, they would have to either go through the crowd or go through the middle where the giant fight with Arthur was about to happen. 
 So he couldn't rely on his Blood bank, his second Chance skill like he usually would. 
 "This is a new leader, he is appointed after me so I do not know this man, but I do have some good news. Because of that, I am confident he does not have a weapon. A blood weapon that is, that he can use. Which is why he has used nothing but his fist and legs so far. 
 "The second because he is from the Sixth family and is a Muscat, his ability would have stayed the same. It's a trapping ability. When he places his hand on the ground an invisible mark is created, if one is to step into that mark, then it will light up, and you will be stuck for half a second or so. It may not sound like much, but it's enough time for him to do some serious damage on you." 
 It seemed like an annoying ability for Quinn, not only did he have to worry about the fight, but concentrate and remember where Vandeen had placed the so-called traps on the ground. The question of how many he was able to do, the system didn't have an answer for, as it varied in strength from leader to leader. 
 However, it didn't look like Vadeen was even going to bother using his ability as he charged in straight away towards Quinn. 
 Responding to this, Quinn threw out two kicks. 
 "Blood crescent kick." 
 These were single lines of red aura that came out faster than the blood swipe and further, although the damage would be less the further the attack had went. But it had done its purpose. 
 It was an attack that the vampires didn't have themselves, so it came as a slight surprise that a blood attack was used from so far away. 
 Vadeen quickly hardened his hands and was prepared to hit the strikes away, for he didn't want to slow down his momentum and was prepared to crush Quinn once again. 
 Hitting both of the attacks with his bare hands, he had come to a stop. It was a surprise that the attack was more vigorous than he thought. The red aura was pushing his arms back. Eventually, he was able to use his strength to throw the attacks off to the side, but when he looked in front of him, Quinn was no longer there. 
 [Hammer strike] 
 Using the flash step to appear behind, Quinn had used the hammer strike which was quicker to perform then the Blood hammer. 
 Vadeen flinched and yelled in pain. 
 "Are you little Crap! That hurt!" 
 But the next second, he had turned around so fast and grabbed the fist that was used to hit him. Using his strength, he lifted him in the air before slamming him on the ground. 
 [76/100 HP] 
 Another punch was thrown down, aiming to break Quinn's bones once again, but the shadow had moved and was used to block this one. From the floor, Using one of his remaining two fingers, Quinn aimed carefully at Vadeen ankles. 
 [Bloodshot] 
 [56/100 HP] 
 The quick Red bullet came shooting out. 
 It had successfully hit and had hurt him. He never expected a shot to come from such a weird angle. Right after using his last Bloodshot Quinn did the same shooting out another one, hitting the other foot. 
 [36/100 HP] 
 After this, he picked himself up and quickly made the distance between the two of them again. Now he no longer had any fingers to use the bloodshot with. Even if they were healed, they were red in colour around the edges. He could still use them as normal, but he knew he was no longer able to perform the bloodshot with them. 
 Quinn had lost a lot of health, but he thought it was worth it, the main reason being he wanted to slow Vadeen down. The leaders had better stats then him, and the most annoying of them all was their speed. 
 He had to rely on tricks and such to hit them, but they were clearly faster than him. Hitting him right in the ankle will have slowed him down considerably. 
 'What is this! Why is it taking so long to heal?' Vadeen thought. He could still stand and bear through the pain, but he was hit in a spot where it had affected his movement and just like with Jill. The Qi infused blood bullet was taking its time to heal. 
 However, just then Vadeen did something interesting, he had placed his hand on the floor, two by his side and one a few steps in front of him. 
 "Come on, why are you always running away? I'll tell you what, I won't move from this spot and give you one free hit. You can even use the attack you used on my vampire knight. I'll show you the difference between you and me." Vadeen taunted. 
 It was clear what he had done due to the information the system had revealed. He had set up the so-called traps and was trying to bait Quinn. Knowing this, Quinn had a plan of his own. 
 'If it's one attack, then I have one for you.' Quinn thought. 
 The shadow that was usually around his back, started to shift towards his gauntlets, forming over them. Then infusing his Qi into his gauntlets the blue power on the side started to light up. Activating the shock skill, blue bolts of lightning could be seen shocking themselves around the shadow. 
 Because of the Qi, he was using the blue lightning would last until he ran out. 
 This was the first part of the move that he had used against Edward. 
 As for the second part, he gathered up his blood, and infused that With Qi as well. It was a struggle as he didn't have much left, especially after using it so much already. This would be a final attack for Quinn. 
 Swinging both his hands out, he let the two large single lines of red aura come out from the palm of his hands, but they didn't go far for they were quickly grabbed by the shadow. 
 Now standing there in his two hands, were two large Scythe weapons. The shadow being used as the handle, the sharp edges a Qi infused blood swipe and finally on the outer edge. The blue sock from his gauntlets powering them. 
 "I thought my wings looked cool," Arthur said. "But that is just as impressive." 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 481 The punishers' skill 
 Although at first, all the leaders seemed confident when going up against Arthur, not a single one of them had moved in first for the attack. 
 "Come on, none of you even know who I am, I can't be that scary, can I?" As he said this, the large shadow over his left-wing did a little flap. Even though it was only made out of shadows, it had caused a gust of wind that blew the others' hair. 
 It had a weight behind it, a shadow had weight, it was that dense. These things seemed almost impossible. And was nothing compared to the shadow the boy had used earlier. 
 "Fine, be like that," Arthur said. "Skill, shadow floor." 
 The right-wing had dropped to the ground in an instant and had splattered across the floor. It then started to spread at such a speed that it had basically covered the entire twenty-meter area from the platform in an instant. 
 At first, the others including Vorden and his group tried to move to get away from the shadow. They had seen what the blood dome had done, and they feared this would be something similar, but the shadow was far too fast for them to outrun. 
 When it eventually reached them and touched it had no such effect at all. 
 "What is this?" Vorden said, stomping his foot on the ground. There seemed to be no difference at all apart from the colour. 
 Now the entire floor was covered in black, and Arthur still had one wing on his back. 
 "Shadow hop" 
 Sinking through the floor he had disappeared, and the next second he had risen again, only this time he had appeared next to Prima, one of the leaders. 
 "Attacking someone from behind shows sign of no class," Prima said as he turned around and proceeded to stab Arthur with the tip of his rapier many times. It was so fast that what looked like one attack to the others, was actually ten. 
 His hand dashed in and out, in and out. 
 But for Arthur, it was no bother, as he matched in speed using his own hand, knocking the tip of the blade away each time, not allowing a single scratch to get on him. 
 "And going three against one shows a lot of class, right?" Arthur replied while continuing to block the attacks. 
 "Isn't Prima meant to be the fastest vampire among us in terms of speed?" Cindy, the second leader asked. 
 "Yes, and without a hit, Prima can't activate his ability," Jin replied. 
 "You're quite fast, but you are relying on your weapon and speed far too much," Arthur spoke. "You do know I could have just blocked all these attacks with my shadow, but I wanted to prove a point. There is always someone faster than you." 
 At that moment, the attacks stopped as Arthur grabbed the blade and stopped it completely. Prima tried using all his strength to move his blade, but it was useless. 
 While Arthur was busy dealing with Prima, Kyle had come up from behind, his cape on his back started to transform into several spikes that were still connected to his back. 
 Without turning around, Arthur said one word as soon as he had gotten close. 
 "Sink." 
 Kyle took one step, and he had fallen into the ground, into the shadow and before he knew it, he had come up from the floor and reappeared at his starting point. 
 Seeing that there was no hope in a battle of strength, Prima let go of the rapier. It was a sacrifice he had to have made if he wanted to break free. But in mere seconds, his leg had been stabbed by the very weapon he had let go of. 
 "Are you trying to escape from your punishment?" Said Arthur. 
 Bryce was the only leader that hadn't gone in like the other two, for he was wondering what strength this man had possessed and wanted to see it firsthand. Some of the skills he had seen today, he saw being displayed by the other punishers, but not at this scale. 
 The floor they were on, if one was to use it, it would be a smaller range, and on top of that they would have no more shadow to cover themselves. Yet this man still had one huge wing left. His strength and speed, it had completely surpassed the leaders. 
 Whereas the punisher leader from before, his shadow abilities were only slightly above the leaders, but this power he was witnessing was like that of a king. For he who wished to zeomce the next king, it felt like an insult. 
 He needed to prove his worth now and while in front of all the vampires. 
 If Arthur was good at close combat and could deal with physical attacks, then it just meant Bryce would have to try something else. 
 He rolled up the sleeve on his shirt and crouched down with his palm open. His face looked prepared as he was about to do something big. 
 'Let's see how you are against blood attacks? Blood cannon!' Out from the palm of Bryce's hand, a large circular ball of blood had come out. It was Red and black in colour and had was glowing in the middle. 
 "It seems with no punishers around, you all really have no clue how the shadow works," Arthur said. 
 When the cannonball of blood got close, his other wing started to move and shift. it had formed a small tornado of shadows. It surrounded the ball before moving it and slamming it into the ground. 
 At the same time, Kyle was on the move once again. 
 "1… 2… 3." Arthur counted and as he said 0, the cannon ball had appeared from the ground right underneath Kyle's foot. 
 *BAAAANG 
 A loud explosion was heard, and a red mist had formed where the attack had hit. It looked like a red fog of dust, but eventually, it started to fall to the ground and formed little droplets of blood when everything started to clear. 
 Kyle was lying on the floor. The cape was covering his body and head, but as for the right side of his arms and legs. They had completely been torn apart. If it wasn't for the cape, there was a good chance he would be dead, but he could now no longer move. 
 "The leaders," Jin said. "They have no chance." 
 At the same time, Quinn wasn't letting what was happening, distract him. The shadow floor had also come to the area where their fight was taking place, but Quinn had already formed his electric Scythes. 
 "Come on!" Vadeen shouted, and that's exactly what Quinn did. 
 Running as fast as he could, continually supplying his skill with Qi, he needed to move fast as they would soon run out. 
 Seeing Quinn run straight ahead, Vadeen was finding it hard to keep his smile. 
 'The poor boy is running straight into my trap. I surrounded myself and the second he takes a step into my circle I'll finish him.' 
 But as soon as Quinn had reached where he had seen Vadeen touched, Quinn leaped as far as he could over the area. It looked strange for Quinn to suddenly jump up like that, and then the thought had come to him. 
 'He knows my ability? But how, not just that, but he knows how it works perfectly.' But he had bigger problems to worry about. 
 Quinn swung his arms out wide behind him and using the shadow, he stretched them out for extra momentum. The good thing about the shadow was it was able to bend, so when he would throw it out, it would move like a whip. 
 And that was the very thing he had down now. Charging his arms, crossing them over each other, using every little ounce of his strength, they came out lighting fast like a whip. 
 "Blood wall, rise, Blood wall, rise, Blood wall, rise!" 
 Perhaps it was overkill, but there was something that had worried Vadeen when he had seen this skill and he was right. 
 As the shadow scythe hit the first wall it had shattered it in an instant and hadn't even slowed it down, and the same could be said for the next one as well. 
 When it had hit the third wall, it had slowed the attack ever so slightly, which gave enough time for Vadeen to prepare one more thing. 
 "Blood hardening." 
 A red thick layer of blood had formed over his arms as well as the side of his body, and then it darkened in colour, creating a solid material. 
 *Clang. 
 The scythes had hit his hands and had been stopped, but the power and strength of the attack was still there. 
 Looking at Quinn's face he was covered in sweat. It was clear this was a last-ditch attempt of an attack. 
 "Looks like I win again." However, Vadeen had spoken too soon, for there was a crack in the blood Harding around his hands, the red blood aura had managed to cut through, and when it finally touched his bare skin. 
 A strong electric shock was sent through his entire body. 
 "Arghhh!" He screamed in pain and it had broken his concentration. As long as the red aura from the shadow was touching his skin and body he would continued to be shocked. It allowed for his Blood Harding to weaken and the blade continued to move forward. Slicing through his hands and going through his bones. It continued to move until it had reached his wrist and at that moment, the shocks had stopped. The blade had disappeared, and the shadows holding them were gone. 
 Looking in front of him, he could see the boy was down on one knee, huffing and panting hard. 
 He had not only run out of Qi, but his stamina, his Mc points, everything was coming to an end. 
 Looking at both of his mangled hand's Vadeen could see they were split in two. If the boy had continued with that attack, then he could have died. This thought in his head had infuriated him. 
 Not caring for his mangled hands, he threw out a blood swipe from it. Not only had red aura come out, but real blood as well. 
 Quinn could see the attack coming, he wanted to move, use anything but he was too drained. 
 "Blood wall." Without moving, it was the only thing he could do. 
 [24/100 HP] 
 He used ten points of HP as he was unsure if it could block the attack, and if it couldn't then he would need some to take the hit. 
 The attack hit the wall, and it had shattered it. Still, at least it had slowed down the attack a little. It continued onward and hit Quinn directly on the chest, flinging him to the ground. 
 [14/100 HP] 
 Lifting the top half of his body, Quinn was able to get a look at Vadeen, but his legs weren't listening to him. 
 "Move, move or you're going to die," Quinn shouted out at his legs. 
 "That's right, I'm going to kill you here and now." 
 "Then I really will punish you." A voice from the side said. 
 When they turned to look, they could see that it was Arthur standing there, and behind him, all three leaders had been defeated, including the first leader Bryce. 
 "How, how is that possible!" Vadeen said, now frightened of what was to happen. 
 "I already told you, that you shall all be punished for harming a fellow punisher, and now you go so far to kill him? Even I haven't killed the other leaders. For I know there are many that rely on them." Arthur said, looking at the crowd of vampires. "But for you, you really now shall be judged." 
 Lifting his arm up, he focused it and pointed it towards Vadeen, and then quickly looked at Quinn on the floor. 
 "Watch closely, for if you wish to be a real punisher one day, and hope to lead the people. then this is a skill that will help you greatly. Shadow Eater!" 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 482 Shadow Eater 
 The name Shadow eater. It was a skill that Quinn had unlocked a long time ago. When he had entered the strange underground place and defeated the king tier beast, he had received a reward. To unlock a single skill from his system. 
 Due to the shadow eater skill being worth the most points, Quinn thought it had to be the strongest skill and made the most sense to unlock. However, ever since he had the skill, he had no clue how to use it. The other skills had come to him in his head. He didn't need to think much and they would just work. 
 For Quinn though, no matter what he tried he just couldn't seem to get it to activate, and right now, he would see what it did, and how to use it. 
 As the skill was activated, the shadow from the floor and the wing behind Arthur's back started to come together in his two hands. The shadow seemed to be condensing themselves around both of them. 
 The floor was no longer black, and the wings were no more. The shadows continued to swirl around his arms, wrapping around and around until finally, he was ready. Moving both his arms back, he threw them outward towards Vadeen. 
 "Shadow eater!" 
 At that moment, both of the shadows had left his hand, creating a giant blob-like object. Arthurs two hands were separated and the part of the shadow was still attached to his fingers. As for the other end, the two blobs had split, and it looked as if it was a giant creature that had opened up its mouth. 
 It had completely surrounded Vadeen from all ends, and he was too frightened to even move in the first place. Then Arthur proceeded to call his two hands together, and at the same time, the two parts of the shadow creature's mouth had closed. 
 Completely consuming Vadeen there and then. 
 "Is… he dead?" Vorden asked. 
 A few moments later, and Arthur pulled his hands together and with it, the blob had returned to him and the shadow had gone back into himself. No longer appearing anywhere on his body. Knowing the fight would be over, he also decided to put his equipment back in his shadow void. Whatever had happened, Arthur seemed to be satisfied with the result. 
 However, when everyone looked over at Vadeen, they had expected him to be dead, or to have gone missing, but there was no such thing. Instead, he stood there staring blankly forward, the expression on his face unchanged. 
 "What was that? What did you do?" Quinn asked. Wanting to know what the effects of the Shadow eater skill were. It certainly looked impressive, but as for the results there seemed to be nothing. 
 "I suppose I should tell you all, not just because you are a punisher, but so every vampire here knows. It seems like you may have forgotten why we even have the name punisher in the first place." Arthur said. 
 "This skill is a skill that is used as a form of the ultimate punishment. On top of all this, it is a skill that was created to only solely be used on vampires. It will not work on anything else. There is one weakness that we vampires can never escape no matter how hard we try, and that is the sun." 
 "Sure, we have created rings and such to help us, but even me who has lived this long, the sun still affects me in a negative way. This has forced the vampires to hide in the dark for centuries. Now, what would happen if we were also to take that privilege away?" 
 "The shadow eater is a skill that makes it so a vampire will have the same effects it does in the sunlight as it does in the dark as well. No rings, no spells, or anything can help this. Their shadow becomes a part of our own, increasing ours. 
 "For the rest of their life, they shall surfer in pain, whether that be in the sun or in the dark." 
 "Is that really true? Does a skill like that exist?" People from the crowd started to speak. The explanation itself caused them to shake in terror as they imagined themselves being subjected to such a punishment. 
 "But then, why didn't he just use that at the start of the fight, wouldn't it have helped him?" Another from the crowd said. 
 "Good question," Arthur said, pointing in the crowd as if he was giving a lecture. 
 "When I was a little younger, there used to be a game, where one would capture these animals with these small balls. Now you could try throwing these balls to capture these creatures as soon as you saw them, but there was a high chance it would fail unless the creature was weak." 
 "However, if you were to weaken the creature and then throw the ball, there is a more chance of it working. Our shadow eater skill is like these balls. On top of this, the more shadows consumed, the stronger the skill will get. Upgrading the ball. I would like to think of myself as a master ball." 
 The crowd seemed to have understood, while half of them didn't. All they knew was they didn't have a clue what game he was referring to. Still to them, the more important factor was what the skill could actually do. 
 Looking at Vadeen, sweat started to appear on his face, his body felt incredibly weak and his skin was starting to burn. He didn't need an explanation from Arthur, he already knew what was happening to him. Would he have to live with this pain and in this weak state for the rest of his life? 
 Lifting up his dangled hand, he could see his thumb was still softly intact. He then grew out his thumbnail and hardened it. The next thing shocked them all, as he swiped across his own neck with the nail and after a few seconds he had fallen to the floor. Blood draining on the ground. 
 "Sadly, this is an option many chose once this has happened to them," Arthur said. 
 "Did a vampire leader just kill themselves?" Vorden asked in shock at everything that was happening. 
 Around the battlefield, the other fights had stopped after this as well. Jill was no longer trying to hurt both Layla and Erin, and they had managed to survive the onslaught. 
 As for Silver and Leo. They were hardly able to display any of their skills. Although Leo was a little sad, he knew this was for the best. For the number one concern right now was Quinn's safety. The two leaders had simply given up, after witnessing Arthur's power, and none of them wanted for him to use the Shadow eater skill on them. 
 A Vampire leader who was once powerful and strong would now be weaned in day or knight. 
 "Is it over?" Fex said, as there was silence. There was no longer the sound of fighting, and the crowd behind them was still deadly quiet. 
 "Can you look after Borden?" Vorden asked as he ran off in Quinn's direction. When he arrived, he had made a slit in his hand and started to feed Quinn immediately, allowing him to heal and recover from his wounds. 
 But, even if his wounds were healed, there wasn't much that could be done about his stamina, MC points, and Qi. They would take time before they would come back. 
 "Hey, we did it, we really managed to save Fex," Vorden said to Quinn, now knowing that they had such a strong ally that no one would dare to mess with them as they made their way back. 
 The group looked up and the blood dome was still there. Trapping them all, but with the help of Arthur, it shouldn't have been too big of a deal. 
 Looking at him, Quinn was thinking about the shadow eater skill. It was obvious now why he couldn't use it before if it was a skill that would only work on vampires. When he had come to the vampire world, he hadn't thought about trying to use it since he had been so unsuccessful. Besides even if it did work, he couldn't exactly stop to try to use it in the middle of a fight. 
 When his wounds finally healed, Quinn was able to walk slowly over to him again. 
 "Thank you for this, I don't know why but thank you for all your help. If you hadn't arrived maybe me, my friends.. they would have all died because of me." 
 "Don't blame yourself," Arthur replied. "After all, it's because of you that I am here in the first place. So you did do something. And it's best if you don't thank me just yet." 
 "What do you mean?" Vorden asked. 
 "Because it isn't over." 
 Behind the platform where Fex was meant to have his death. The outer edge of the blood dome could be seen. It partly cut through the stage. However, Quinn soon noticed that Arthur was staring dead ahead at this very platform. 
 As Quinn stared harder, he too could see something. It was people, three to be precise. Three people were walking over towards the dome. 
 They continued onward and first, the two men walked through, passing it as if it did nothing to them. Then finally an older man walked through the dome as well. 
 At that moment, all the leaders bowed down, and the vampires behind them had done the same. They looked towards the floor, not saying a single word. 
 The only one that hadn't bowed down was Arthur. 
 "So the king has finally arrived," Arthur said. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 483 The King and Arthur 
 All of the vampires, as soon as they saw the first two men appear from the blood dome, they knew who would be following after them. The reason, because the king never travelled anywhere without his two royal guards. 
 The royal guards would be selected from the leaders of the past. Once the election for the next king was over. They were free to choose two guards from the current section of leaders. 
 One would usually choose the strongest of leaders of that generation and most loyal to protect the king. Their power was often above an average leader. 
 Although Vorden, Quinn and the others didn't know what the vampire king looked like or who he was. They could tell as soon as he had stepped in. He had this sense of superiority around him. As if he was meant to be in that place. 
 The people all bowed down, and Logan and the others followed. Quinn, however, was still standing by Arthurs side, a little memorized by the person who had just walked in. He didn't even notice all the leaders and everyone bowing down. 
 Looking at the king's features. He wore a black and gold robe that covered his body. There was no armour, and the clothing looked relaxed and comfy as if he had just gotten out of bed. As for his facial features, he looked old. The wingless in his face were deep. Quinn didn't know if the king had just chosen to keep this old appearance, or he was so old that he was no longer able to. He had long white hair that went down past his elbows. Although it stayed there shining and perfectly straight. Looking healthy then the rest of his body. 
 "You look old, young man," Arthur said. 
 These words came to a shock, and some of the leaders even wanted to cry out and shout. How could someone say that to the king? But it was clear. His words spoke as if he was familiar with the person. And the other thing was he was referring to the king as old. 
 "I thought I would never see you again during my lifetime." The king replied as he gave out a large cough or two. The one or two coughs soon turned into several. It was a strange sight to see. This powerful, strong person suddenly looked very weak at this moment. 
 The king then looked at the vampire leaders around him who were hurt and passed out on the floor. "Thank you for not killing the leaders." The king said. 
 With each word that passed by, the vampires no longer knew what to think or react. Arthur wasn't just any punisher. It seemed as if the king was treating him as a person even above himself. 
 He then laid his eyes on Vadeen who laid there dead on the floor. He quickly closed his eyes, saying a few words of comfort. Seeing this, Muka thought that perhaps the king would be angry and another fight would soon start. If he did nothing, he feared the worse and had no choice but to chime in. 
 "My king, Vadeen had killed himself. It was not the punishers doing." Muka said, still with his head down and bowing for respect. He didn't want to say more for fear he was stepping out of place. 
 "Worry not, I know that Arthur is not like that." The king replied. "Whatever he had done today, he probably felt like it was within his right to do so." He then turned and looked at Arthur, with a little glint in his eyes, showing sadness. 
 "If it was up to me at the time, we would have never chased out the punishers." The king said. "I'm…" 
 Holding up his hand, it was a signal for the king to stop. 
 "Not here and not now, Besides you didn't chase us out, we chose to leave," Arthur replied. 
 The king looked at the scene before him once again, and Muka and the other leaders were waiting for his verdict. According to Bryce, he should have known everything that was going on. Unless Bryce had refused to tell him which was a possibility. 
 At that moment, Bryce was starting to wake up, his eyes had opened slightly, and the first thing he could see was the king. "My king…" Bryce said as he reached out his hand. 
 Looking at Bryce, the king simply shook his head as if he was disappointed. 
 "There were more ways than one to go about this Bryce, and now because of you, a leader is dead." 
 Moving his head upward, he could see Vadeen's body lying there still. It looked like what he had said was true. 
 The king took his time to think about the situation. He knew what was going on, and also knew what the council was like. There were always two sides to everything, but right now, he had to make the decision that was best for his people and the future. The vampire council couldn't continue on to be fractured like this. 
 If it was the case, then there would be another civil war when the next election came up. If that happened, he would have felt like his time as a king was useless. He hadn't taught the people anything. 
 "Arthur, you have done no wrong here, and you have only tried to protect one of your own, but I'm afraid that your punisher boy has gotten involved in our affairs for no reason. If you wish to vouch for the boy and punish him yourself, I can allow that." The king explained. 
 "But as for the boy known as Fex. The council had already decided an appropriate punishment. He had hidden an illegal as well lied to the leaders. To solve this matter, between the leaders and create harmony between the vampire leaders once more. I believe that Fex, and the illegal Wight must both be executed." 
 Hearing these words, Just when Quinn was starting to think it was all over, the same problem from the very beginning had occurred, it felt like there was no reason for him to have fought this whole time. For it had only ended up in the same result. 
 "Boy, I have helped you as much as I can, but I am not a rule breaker. Is there a reason why you wish to save the boy, or is there anything you can say to the king now to help with your case?" Arthur asked. 
 Was there anything he could do? There was always one decision that Quinn could have done, but it wasn't an option until now. And the system seemed to be thinking along the same lines and knew exactly what Quinn was thinking. 
 "I will not stop you from saying it. If anything, it might be the only thing you can do now, but hear me out. If you were to tell them you are the tenth leader before and tried to save Fex that way. You would have been killed by one of the leaders before you had even made it to one of the castles. Better yet, it would have been nearly impossible to prove, and they would have just claimed you were an illegal. 
 "A vampire leader only at the rank of the vampire noble. It's just not a believable story. But at least there is time to prove it to them now, and the king won't dismiss your claim so merely. I remember this man, and he is a reasonable leader compared to the last. 
 "There are many that dislike me, and there are many leaders after your seat. However, right now you have Arthur, a strong punisher by your side for protection and you have made it, so you are in front of the king. Although they might still be after your life when you mention this. You will at least be safe for now. 
 "The crime that was put upon Fex will be lessened, as he had done no wrong in the first place. But it is likely he will still face punishment for lying to the leaders in the first place." 
 Hearing everything the system had said so far, was making Quinn think it was the right thing to do. Sure it sounded like he would possibly have more problems in the future, but it was better than seeing his friends die in front of his eyes. 
 "However, there is one more problem on top of this." The system added. "And I warn you, you must think this through carefully before making a rash decision. If you claim you are the tenth leader. Then they will make you stay here, as the leader of the tenth people forever. The duties that Edward had done, will be passed onto you and you can not decline. You will become a part of the vampire world and will not be allowed to go back to earth. The only way is to do what I had once done, to run away from everything. to be hated and chased for the rest of your days." 
 It was hard for Quinn to tell if the AI system regretted his decision in leaving the people, or if he was in spite of what the vampires made him do. But thinking about himself. 
 Deep down, Quinn knew this was a possibility. When he had heard from Edward that after Vincent had left, it had become a big deal to the people and others. It seems like being a leader was a heavy task, and the punishment for leaving was strict. 
 If it was Quinn's duty to look after all those in the castle, he wasn't ready. Not right now, maybe never. But, as he looked at Fex, and he looked at Peter, he was ready to protect them. His cursed family. 
 Walking in front of Arthur, he looked at the king straight in the eye. There was no hesitation or fear when he said these words. 
 "I am not a punisher," Quinn said. "The reason for me coming here to save Fex, and to save the Wight is because...For Fex, I consider to be my blood brother, a part of my family, I have sworn to protect, and as for Peter the Wight. I was the one who created such an illegal." 
 This was expected from some of the leaders. They had guessed the vampire had come from the earth and looking at Quinn now, they could see he looked exactly as Peter the Wight did when he first arrived, but they were not prepared for his next set of words. 
 "Well, illegal wouldn't be the right term. For these people are a part of my family and...I am the new tenth leader." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 484 The 14th castle 
 'Was this some kind of joke?' This thought had come to a lot of people's mind as soon as they heard Quinn say those words. The ones in the crowd, the leaders and so on. He was nothing but a vampire noble, but they had to admit, he was a strangely powerful one. But most of his strength could be explained away by the fact that he was a punisher. 
 If he was a punisher under the guidance of Arthur that they had just seen, then maybe a lot of them would have understood. But Quinn specifically said he wasn't a punisher. 
 Arthur who was standing by his side was even more intrigued. 'The tenth leader huh, wasn't it that crazy guy during my time if I remember correctly? What happened to him? He wasn't one to have given up his place too easily. No, he cared about the people too much.' Arthur thought, but he was thinking more than just that. 
 Now he was starting to wonder where Quinn had even got the shadow power from. 
 "You're Crazy!" Bryce shouted as he started to lift himself off the floor. He had recovered to the point where he could now stand, but he was in no condition to fight at all. Maybe even Quinn was able to take him out the way he was. 
 "I don't know why you know so much about our current affairs for an outsider, but if you think you can just lie your way out of this, and save your friends, then think again. There is no way you are the tenth leader." Bryce said. 
 The other leaders too felt like it was a bit far fetched, even the ones that were on the punishers side, but then Muka thought about something, the tenth tower. For a brief second the first time in years it had lit up. Indicating the leader had returned. 
 Just as Muka had this thought, Edward was there to confirm it. "That boy speaks the truth." He said barely lifting himself up on one knee. "Vincent had passed down the tenth seat to that boy. You know how crazy he was, he would be crazy enough to do something like this." 
 "You remember when the tower lit up not too long ago. It was reacting to the boy's presence." 
 If someone else had made these claims, they would perhaps think they were lying or on the punisher boys' side for some reason, but the fact it had come from Edward had made it seem more trustworthy. 
 Edward was completely Loyal to the tenth seat, he always had been. Many of the leaders there had tried to get him to come over to their side, but he would always refuse. To them in the first place, it didn't make much sense for him to stick his neck out to save Lee's son, Fex. 
 Now, if the boy had some type of relation with Fex, and really was the tenth leader, Edward's involvement matched the circumstances. It was simple, Edward would not follow anything unless it was an order from Vincent. 
 "Vincent, huh? He certainly would have done something like this." The king mumbled to himself. 
 "Wait, you're not actually believing them, are you?" Jill complained. "He even brought humans to this establishment. And what about the direct descendants that were killed? Should we just forget that it was most likely that punisher boy right there as well?" 
 Quinn had a feeling that his earlier actions could have quite possibly sabotaged him in the future, and it seemed like it was doing so now. Although it wasn't really him who had killed them but the Bone Claw. 
 "This matter seems to be more complicated than I first thought." The king said. "I think it's best if we first deal with all the injured and the blood dome. The vampires have witnessed enough and everyone is tired, I'm sure. After that, the first call of action will be to test if what this boy says is true or not, and there are more ways than one to see if he really is the tenth leader like he says he is. Based on that, we will then move forward and give everyone that was involved in this affair an appropriate punishment." 
 The king had a rational thought. Before they should make a decision, they needed to get all the facts straight first. The blood dome was taken down, and the people were free to go, but many of them before leaving stayed for a moment. 
 The smell had attracted them. Both Logan, Erin and Vorden were still bleeding slightly and the smell was attracting their nose. Arthur made a note as he saw this. 
 "I shall be taking the boy and his companions with me." Arthur said. "I have questions of my own that need to be answered. You can trust me to not runaway with them or do anything stupid. When you need us, just come and fetch us." 
 "And where will you be staying?" The royal knight next to the king asked. 
 "Isn't it obvious, I'm going back to the fourteenth castle." Arthur replied 
 Gathering all of Quinn's friends, they stood next to Arthur. Vorden was able to place Borden over his shoulder in a lying down position on his belly. He was still sleeping peacefully away even with all the movement. While the others each held on to each other, with two people holding onto Arthur. 
 But they weren't the only ones that were going with them, for Silver and Fex had joined the group as well. 
 "Are you going to let the criminals go as well?" Bryce asked, looking at the king for answers. 
 "Bryce, you don't understand. Now that the punisher has returned, then the decision and trial would go over to them in the first place." The king replied. 
 All of them holding on tightly, Arthurs shadow dropped to the floor covering the area the group was in. 
 "Shadow travel." 
 Activating his skills, they all started to sink into the shadows, until they were no longer seen, but the pool of shadow was still there. Suddenly, it started to move away, going through and past everything, with its destination in sight. The fourteenth castle. 
 'The king is still treating them just like before... Does he not even remember why we had the war in the first place . This fool. When I become king. I will change all of this." Bryce said clenching his fist so hard, that the wooden part of his cane he was holding in his hand, broke. 
 Traveling at a fast speed, the group had no clue what was going on outside. To them they were in a black space, where they could feel acceleration but at the same time could see nothing. 
 What Quinn was happy about though, was seeing a bunch of shadow skills he had yet to unlock. If he saw more, it would give him a good idea of which ones to unlock first. 
 With Shadow travel, they were practically able to go through anything traveling only on the floor. They could go direct, the shortest and fastest way to the castle. Eventually, they had finally arrived, and the group stopped. Each one of them popped up out of the shadow and could see the large castle in front of them. 
 Compared to the others, and the tenths, it looked a lot more menacing and it was larger too, but just like the tenths, there was no upkeep of the castle and there was no light source either. But it was larger than the others only a little bit smaller than the king's castle. 
 Just like the others, Arthur went to the door, and started to spin the circular lock, putting in the combination. A clicking sound was heard and the door started to open. He soon stepped in and Quinn thought the lights would turn on, just like it had done with him but there was no such thing. 
 "Is he not the leader of this castle?' Quinn thought. 'Based on his strength I was sure he was the leader of the punishers fourteenth family. System do you know who he is?' 
 "I do, but during my time he had gone into eternal slumber. Never to be woken up unless needed. Then shortly after something had happened but I had left before this and only heard about what had happened. So I have no clue why the fourteenth castle is empty either. Only that it is." 
 Walking in Logan had passed something to the humans of a group, a small light source to be used. It was a little crystal that allowed for a warm glow to surround them. As for the vampires, this was not needed, they could see everything fine. 
 "Do you need one Leo?" Peter asked as he was going around. 
 "Did you forget?" Leo replied. 
 "Oh right, you're a vampire now, sorry." 
 But Leo continued to shake his head in disbelief. Even though he was a vampire, even before he could not use the light source to see anyway. 
 Walking around they could see large paintings of vampires wearing the same red and black armour. Some of them looked identical to the one Arthur wore. While others were a bit more fancier in design. 
 The castle was so large, it was impossible for it all to be used for one person, and the paintings on the walls often showed many punishers. While following Arthur around they were mostly quiet, but Quinn's curiosity had gotten to him this time. Having this shadow power, he felt like he needed to know more about it. But Fex had beaten him to the punch. 
 "What happened to the punishers?" Fex asked. "The Adults, they never told us much, but if you were so strong and the rule upholders. Why did you leave?" 
 "I suppose while I walk around, I can tell you my story." Arthur replied. "About how the Vampires and the punishers split." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 485 The first vampires 
 Although Fex had asked a question towards Arthur, he was continuously glancing towards Quinn as he walked behind him. The reason for this? It was because both he and Silver couldn't believe what they had just heard on the field. 
 During the tour, the two of them were walking towards the back, discussing amongst themselves. The others continued to look at the strange objects placed around while the two of them would have their own discussion. 
 "I guess this just delays the inevitable then," Fex said in a depressed monotone voice, but he wouldn't let it keep him down as his sad face had soon turned into a smile. 
 After all, he was with his friends right now, and just moments ago he thought he would never see them again. Being sad at a time like this would just offend all of their hard work. 
 "Don't lose hope brother, we have come this far, and maybe there is some truth towards what Quinn says." Silver replied. 
 "You really believe he's the tenth leader? It makes no sense. He was a vampire that was on the human world, and when I met him he was nothing but a regular vampire. How, and why would he be the leader? It would be more understandable if what he said out on the field was just to buy time. But I've decided... I should just accept my punishment. 
 "So far I have been lucky, you, father, and everyone else here who came to get me hasn't been hurt yet. But there has already been blood spilt because of me, and it could get worse if this continues.." 
 The group continued to walk onward, while Arthur was bringing them along to the main lounge room. Before he told his story, he wanted everyone to sit down and relax. 
 While walking, Silver continuously looked at Quinn as well, and then towards Layla, Peter and Leo. 
 She knew that Leo was a human before, and now the sudden change to a vampire. How and when and who could have possibly turned him? These thoughts were going through her head as she thought about this. 
 'Did he create all three of them, but how would he have the power to do something like that?' And then a major thought had come to her head. 'What if everything Quinn had said out on the field was actually true?' 
 After All there was one thing that they did know, that the tenth leader had left his castle to go somewhere else. No one knew where but what if he had remained on earth at the time when the vampire settlement had moved. 
 Only time would tell, but she too was also interested in finding out what had happened to the punishers. Perhaps it would explain why someone had gone so far to try to extract extra information from her brother. 
 They had entered a quite large room, with a bookshelf on either side and a large glass-paned window at the back. There was a desk that faced the opposite way, looking at the door, and in front of it were two sofas and a desk. 
 Everyone sat down on the two sofas, while Arthur went looking around for something. He pulled a certain book and a secret compartment had been opened. The others were intrigued to see what it would be, but then were a little disappointed when it just looked like some form of drink. 
 He poured the drink into his own glass and sat down at his table, before taking a sip. "This helps me bring back memories, it still tastes the same as it did back then. Back when this all started." Arthur said. 
 "Since there are a lot of you here that are human, or just turned vampires, it would make sense for me to start from the beginning, and then maybe you will understand how things came to be. A quick question for the two, I guess I should say the regular vampires here, do you know what the vampire code is?" Arthur asked. 
 "The vampire code, a set of rules that were established by the firsts a long time ago." Silver replied. 
 "Correct." Said, Arthur. "Although I am quite old, I'm not that old, so take what I say with a grain of salt. In the past, there weren't many vampires. To be exact, there were thirteen first vampires in total. Sound familiar?" 
 "These were the ones who created the code, as for why, the reason is unknown. Perhaps the first vampires had fallen in love with the humans, maybe they pitied them, or they knew they needed them as a food source. Or something else entirely different. It could have even been because there were so few of them. After all, even with a vampire's strength against the humans at the time, they were outnumbered and there was a chance they could have died. 
 "But because of all this, they decided to make the vampire code. These were a set of rules that were established between them from the beginning. They had decided what to set together based on the troubles they had each been through so far." 
 "An example of one of them would be to never fall in love with a human. Of course, these rules have been adjusted with time, but this is rumored to how the current council and thirteen families came to be in the first place." 
 "But you see, there was a major problem in all of this. The thirteen vampires were all friends of each other. They didn't always agree, and what would happen if one of them were to break these rules?" 
 "Not only that, just because they had agreed to follow the rules, why would their followers do such a thing? The people they had turned and called their family. Some family members grew mad with power and wanted to lash out, some felt like being superior beings they should have taken over the human race." 
 "Sadly though, all these thoughts that they could see that their people had felt; they had once felt the same way. They were old and had already been through what they had been through. People learned from their mistakes and it was their job to pass it on to the others." 
 "As disagreements continued between the thirteen, a choice was made and this was how the first vampire king had been elected to their seat. They needed control and order as their population grew and a certain direction." 
 "Sometimes more heads are better than one, but a leader is sometimes needed at the helm. And if one of the thirteen were to break the rules, then he would be the decider of their punishment. Some time had passed and things were looking quite good. That was until the king himself had broken one of the rules of the vampire code. What rule he broke we do not know." 
 "But, what we do know was there were some vampires that chose to side with the king and some that chose not to. This was the start of the first Vampire civil war and in the end. The first vampire king was killed. One of the first vampires, gone forever." 
 "The group was saddened and devastated by this. When the first vampires had come together, they never thought they would need to do something like this." 
 As Arthur was telling his story, the others were glued in, listening to everything. It was interesting learning about the past, and even for Silver and Fex, this was something they had never heard before. 
 "Wait, did you say first civil war, how is that possible?" Silver asked. She had heard of the Civil war between the vampires, but first? 
 "You know, history is a funny thing. We learn it and teach it to others, so we can learn from our mistakes. So we don't repeat our past actions. Yet for some reason the vampires have chosen not to pass on this information. Which makes the saying even more true that history has a way of repeating itself, and that very thing had happened…" 
 [Many… Many years ago…] 
 The first vampires had taken a break from each other for a little while after the incident with the first king. They continued to look after their families apart and away without the vampires interacting with each other. Some had hoped it would have led to a better life when they were apart, but it hadn't worked that way at all. 
 At this point and time, humans knew of the existence of vampires. They didn't exactly know the truth, but they hunted such things referring to them as demons. There still weren't many of them and spread thin like this, they were weak. Being killed off one by one. 
 Then they realized there was another problem that would occur. Vampires made families, but the same family could not harm each other. This led there to being no discipline within the families. Or at least made it hard to do so. To control the vampires, they needed each other. 
 The first vampires had met up once again, and they wished to revitalize the old ways. At this point and time, there were no fancy castles or housing for each other. They had simply met up in a cave together. 
 "So you suggest we go back to our old ways. I agree life used to be better that way." One of the first spoke. 
 "And what if the same thing was to happen again? I can't go through hurting one of you, I can't do that again." Another spoke. 
 "But we must, I believe you are all facing the same problems with your families as I am doing mine. I know I am not a first like yours, but for the sake of my old leader. I would like to continue to pass on his bloodline, but at this rate, the humans will learn more about us and we will all be killed." 
 "Then I have a suggestion to make to all of you. How about we throw a third party into all of this? A neutral camp who does not know us to uphold the rules." Another suggested. 
 "You can't be thinking of asking a human? Could you?" 
 "Through my experiments and research, I have found a way. A way to turn a human into one of us, just like how we the first were turned." One of the first said. "And it wouldn't just be any human, but my suggestion would make it so the humans would forget about us, to stop chasing us. I think we should turn to the current king. King Arthur." 
 "Eno… You mad man. The more I know you the crazier you become." Another replied. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 486 The great king 
 The sun had fallen, and in its place, the night sky rose. A city full of people and life, but there were no lights, no sign of any modern technology: nothing but torches and candles to keep the darkness away. Right by the city side was a cliff, and on top of that, Cliff stood a large castle. Making it the highest point and allowing it to be seen from everywhere. 
 Inside currently resided the king, one known as King Arthur. There was no king as popular with the people as Arthur was. He would regularly go visit the people in the city, check on their well being no matter what house they would have come from. Poor background, Nobel, or even if one had run away from another country. Arthur didn't care for that, and he treated everyone with a blank canvas as he met them. 
 He genuinely cared for these people, and in return, they cared for him. On top of this, he had protected the country as well as the city from incoming attacks again and again. And he was not one to shy away from the battle field. 
 He himself would often join the battlefield fighting by the side of those with him. Knowing he protected his people. Swinging his sword, but he never forgot the blood of those people he had killed. 
 Right now, an important meeting was taking place in the castle. Inside a large room, Arthur sat on the biggest chair at a round table. While his advisors, some of the smartest men in the country were there by his side to guide him. 
 "Another ship was spotted around the outskirts, and it looks like they have finally made enough preparations to start an attack." One of the men in robes said. While they dressed in robes, Arthur himself mostly stayed in his knightly armour. 
 "How many men?" Arthur asked. 
 "Around 100,000." He replied. 
 A worried look had entered Arthurs's heart. 
 "That's twice the size of our own," Arthur said. 
 A slam was heard on the table by a slightly larger man off to the side. 
 "We shall fight them off and protect this country as we have always done." 
 Some mumbled in agreement while others seemed to be concerned, about the size of the army. 
 "Is there not anything we can do to stop them? How about a trade deal of some sort?" 
 "They will just take our things and try to fight us anyway." Another complained. 
 It looked as if the room was split in a decision on what they should do with the neighbouring country that seemed to be preparing for an attack. Which meant the decision ultimately came down to the king. 
 "We have never faced an army of this size before. It's not that I fear we will lose if we confront them, but its the fact of, what we will lose. The people, they will be hit heaviest by this, and we must think of them first." Arthur explained. 
 The discussion had continued on for about an hour or so and it looked like no decision was made, in the end, Arthur had asked for all of them to leave while he would sleep on it for the night. 
 He sat alone on his table with candles lighting up each area of the seats including his own. 
 'What do I do?' While deep in thought, he saw several of the candle's flicker, as if a gust of wind had drafted in from outside. 
 He could sense it, something had come in the room with him. Immediately he had drawn his sword that he always kept with him by his side. 
 "I know you are there. I will warn you. Many assassins have been sent after me, and they now are unable to wake up and see the sun rise another day." Arthur shouted as he waited for a response. He knew something was there, but he couldn't see them at all. If only there was more light. 
 "That's okay, we never see the sun much anyway." A voice was heard, and finally, he could see three figures dressed in black robes, looking like monks standing in front of him. 
 "We are here to…" but before the vampire could say his words, Arthur had already come forward swinging at him. 
 A discussion was not needed for those that would come to him in the middle of the night. The people that often did only had one goal when seeing him. Death. 
 Seeing the object at the last second the roobed man was able to dodge, but the attack was faster then he thought, and it had hit the end of his robe, cutting it. 
 "How dare you try to hurt me, I should kill you!" But the other vampire stood in front, stopping him before he could say anything else. 
 "It was your fault for reacting that slow. Remember why we are here?" The other said. 
 "We have heard many things about you, Arthur, but we are not here to fight." One of the robed men said as he walked towards him. Arthur swung his sword again, but this time, the man simply held the sword with his two fingers grabbing it. 
 "Although you are certainly skilful for a human. It means nothing when compared to us." 
 Just then, glowing red eyes could be seen inside the hood. Arthur tried to pull his sword away, but his strength, his skills that he had been training for years were useless. 
 "Demons, why are you here?" Arthur had heard stories, and he had even slain a few himself from time to time, but he had never met ones that moved so fast or were so powerful. This was because Arthur had been fighting against regular vampires and not the firsts. 
 "Demons, those are for the weak of our kind, we prefer the term, Vampire." the man replied."It looks like you are in some trouble and perhaps we can help you, how about a trade?" 
 "Trading with demons like you, who give up your power and forsake our god. No thanks, I don't crave power so much that I would make a deal with the devil." Arthur replied angrily, and now he was using his full strength and slowly, the sword was starting to slip from the vampire's fingers. 
 'He certainly lives up to his name. He is an impressive human indeed.' The vampire thought. 
 "Arthur, you make it sound like you have a choice in the matter, but honestly you don't. When you can't control yourself, come looking for us by the cave about a mile out from here through the forest. I'm sure you will be able to smell us by then." 
 Arthur thought these people were crazy. Why would he seek them out for help, and what were they talking about, a smell? He understood nothing, and at that moment, the vampire had let go of the sword and started to walk away. 
 Seeing that there were three of them and looking like their goal was not his life. Arthur decided it was best to not attack further and risk his life. His people needed him alive. If he was to die, then the people had no chance. 
 "Eno, you may proceed with the ritual." 
 As another robbed man stepped forward, once again he could see the red glowing lights and the rest of the night from then on was a blur. 
 Outside of the castle, the three vampires were returning to the others. 
 "Are you sure it was a success, a lot of this is counting on you Eno." 
 "Yes I'm sure." Eno replied. "You will see, in a couple of days time, he will come out to us. Using us to do everything we can to help him. We will be his lifeline, we will be the hand that reaches out to him and helps him in his time of need and in return, he can then help us. 
 The next day had arrived, and when Arthur woke, he found himself in his bedroom. The maid had come into his room with a knock before entering as usual, and he was starting to wonder if what had happened yesterday was a dream or not. 
 Everything had seemed so real and fake at the same time. 
 "Why don't I just go draw the curtains for you, your majesty." Opening up the curtains, the bright sun started to shine through, and it gently went on the surface of Arthurs skin. 
 In an instant, he felt a slight burning sensation, and it started to feel itchy. The longer he stayed in it, the weaker he was starting to feel, and he was now starting to sweat. 
 "What is going on, what is happening to me?" Arthur thought. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 487 A Fair Trade 
 "So you're saying they forced you, turned you into a vampire! But no one gave you their blood?" Said Fex, surprised at what he had heard so far. The whole story was interesting, to say the least. He felt that word was a bit of an understatement for what they had learned so far. 
 "Yes, I'm unsure of what the vampire did to me that day. As I said, it was all a blur the minute he looked at me with those red eyes." Arthur replied. "But my bloodline was not considered to be from one of the thirteen. In a way, I was considered a first like them, or at least an artificial first." 
 **** 
 Felling the burning sensation on his skin, Arthur quickly realized it was from the sun. At first, he thought it was just a hot day, but he decided to go through some tests and for some reason. The sun was indeed the cause of his pain and fatigue. 
 It wasn't that he couldn't go out in the sun, but that it made him sluggish, extremely tired, and he was less than half the man he used to be. 
 "Is this what those demons meant. They think I will seek them out for some type of cure?" Arthur said in anger. He felt even more frustrated as the pressure to make a decision of what was about to happen was pending on him. 
 Trying his best to avoid the sunlight as much as he could, he had finally and it to night time. Never did he think he would wish for the sun to go down, but for the first time he had, and that's when he started to notice some differences. 
 His movements, not only were they back to normal, but they were better, he was faster, stronger and more agile than before but that wasn't the best part. The best thing was his vision. He could see just as if it was the day. 
 But you see, Arthur was selfless, he wasn't thinking about himself at this point and time but thinking about how he could use this to their advantage. He could see in the dark from miles away, if they were to fight in the night, with him commanding the army they would have a huge advantage. 
 Exited by his new idea, he decided to hold a training session in the outside court, right now while the dark was out. It was the king's command, so of course, the others would follow and listen. When they had arrived outside, they could see the big smile on his face and they felt like Arthur had a plan. 
 He decided that he would spar with the other knights one by one, so they could get first-hand combat experience. Some of them were new recruits and if a war was to come, it would be their first time doing battle, but this was also an excuse just to test his skills. 
 He fought knight after knight and won the fights with ease. On top of this, he was going easy on them. But the amazing thing was he didn't seem to tire, and the others and the knights watching were impressed. They started to think that Arthur was beyond a human being, someone who was blessed by the gods. 
 However, in one fight, Arthur had gone up against a skillful young knight. He showed promise and it caused Arthur to use a bit more power than he was used to. The body felt practically new to him and he wasn't in complete control and an accident had occurred. 
 Swinging his blade forcefully, he had smashed the other's sword in half. As it flew through the air, it went past the knight's knee and grazed it with the edge of the blade. 
 At that moment, a sweet-sweet smell had entered his body, All of his senses felt like they were on high alert and they were tingling. 'What is this sensation?' His nose led him to one place and his eyes were glued as the blood dripped from the knight's knee. 
 "Your majesty, did I do something wrong?" The young knight said in a shaky voice. 
 Hearing it had briefly made him snap out of his trance. When he had come to, he realized he was now standing right in front of the boy and could see the young knight was shaking. All of the other knights had remained silent as well. 
 But there was a stranger look in his eyes as he approached the boy. 
 "The training session is over, everyone have a good night's rest." Arthur said as he quickly left to return to the castle. 
 'What was I about to do to that boy? Is this what they were actually talking about. Have I become a demon like them?' 
 Although Arthur would have liked to think he would have held himself back when seeing the boy, deep down he knew it was an urge he couldn't control. Even now in his room, his mind kept going back to the image of red, and the smell. And as more time passed, it was getting stronger and stronger. 
 But there was one will of Arthur that was stronger than anything else. And that was the fact he never ever wanted to harm those that chose to follow him. Those that were loyal to him. 
 Ultimately, this is what had led him to the decision to head back to the cave, and confront the so called "Vampires" that had done this to him. 
 A king couldn't leave his post so easily, but leaving in the middle of the night, with his eyesight and new body without being seen was an easy task. He went through the forest and finally saw the cave that the three robbed men had mentioned. 
 'They are all counting on you.' Arthur thought. Just in case he wasn't to come back, he had left a detailed plan for the others, the best course of action, but Arthur was sure they didn't want to kill him. Otherwise, they would have done so back then. 
 They needed him for something, for what, he did not know, but he was going to find out. Just like they had said, when going through the forest there was a point where the smell was leading him to a different place. It wasn't hard to find the cave because he knew where it would be. 
 Entering the cave, he walked and walked, and then a fire could be seen not too far in. Voices could be heard, and finally, Arthur could see them. Thirteen figures, all dressed in black robes. It was a larger amount of people than he was expecting, and for some reason, Arthur could tell each one of them were as powerful as each other 
 "So who's throat did you rip out before coming here?" One of them said as they started to laugh. 
 "No one, I came here to get you to undo such a thing. In return, I will do as you wish." Arthur replied. 
 "You see, there is a bit of problem, first of all as we currently know, there is no way to undo what you have become." One of them said. "As for the second, we need you to become one of us for our goal." 
 The words they said had struck Arthur hard in the heart. He would never be able to be normal again, to see the sunlight, without feeling weak. What had these people done to him, why? 
 "But, we can make it as normal as possible for you. We can teach you our ways, teach you how to wean off blood, and we have special items that will make you just as strong as you were in the sun, as you are now." One of them explained. 
 Looking at them, Arthur started to think about his people once more. No, it wasn't good enough. 
 "I see no upside for me in this. You guys suddenly turn me, put a curse on me, and then you treat it like you are some kind of savior by helping me. It might fool others, but it won't fool me. If you won't help me, then I will do it without you." 
 Some of the vampires were angered by his words, they thought it was useless to convert someone who was so headstrong to do this task, but one of them had heard Arthurs plea, he had said "help us". 
 "Why don't you tell me what you want, Arthur." One of them said with a smile on their face. 
 After much discussion, the vampires and Arthur had come to a deal. They had yet to tell him what they wanted him to do, as they wanted to see how things went for a while. 
 As for Arthur's request in all of this, he had asked them to fight by his side. He knew their strength, and it turned out there were more than thirteen of them. They were just the strongest of the bunch. In return, Arthur gave them all a place to live. 
 He had even created a separate establishment, hidden from all the other towns and cities, for people of their kind. The vampires kept their promise in showing him how to wean of blood; they showed him skills and how to use his powers. 
 Eventually, the world came to know Arthur and his thirteen knights and called them the knights at the round table. They went into battle and mostly fought at night, giving their army a huge advantage. It was a good relationship. 
 But then the time had finally come. The vampires wanted Arthur to hold up his side of the deal, and there was something important they needed him to do. 
 They were to go and visit the first vampire king's grave. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 488 Gaining the Shadow ability 
 Presumably, life couldn't have been any better for the life of Arthur and his people. Not only had they vampires helped him in great battles, but the technology that they didn't have access to was taught to their people and spread around. Medicine and knowledge were passed that saved hundreds and thousands of lives. The kingdom name fame and fortune was spreading around because of these things. 
 The things that had happened he could have never dreamed of, but there were problems in all this. The first being that Arthur seemed to never age. Most vampires could control their ageing process and slow down, but as for those that were deemed the first vampires, including himself. It was as if they were stuck. Never growing older or younger. Soon others around would start to notice. While some thought he was blessed by gods, others did believe that it could have been the work of demons. 
 To quell these rumours, Arthur started to see his people less and less. And rumours of him getting sick had appeared. He was preparing for his time when he would no longer be their king. 
 The second being, he knew the vampires wanted something for all they had done for him, and quite honestly he was happy to give it to them, even at the cost of his own life. 
 He had been asked to meet the vampires at the settlement they had made for themselves. All Arthur had done was given them a plot of land, and the materials from time to time to get them started. The plot of land was located bin the high hills. A terrain that was unfavourable for most to get to, and it would be hard for one to build land on. This place had been kept secret and removed from all the charted maps. 
 When Arthur was younger, he had gone to such a place to train himself. There he had seen the most beautiful peaceful land that had a stream like a river running throughout it, surrounded by hills. Untouched. 
 This was the land he had given them. He hadn't visited the place, since the vampires would have always come to him, so it was his first time seeing it since back then. 
 When he had finally scaled the top of a hill, he looked down, and he could see what seemed to be an entire city that had been built. There were thirteen castles built in a semi-circle like shape around the settlement but a large space left untouched in the middle. 
 "How did they do this so fast, it would have taken many years for us to create something like this." It was comparable to Arthurs own kingdom, only it was built in a fraction of the time. With a little more help and time, they would soon grow. 
 'What would have happened if the vampires were to try and attack humans?' Arthur wondered, if the human race didn't outnumber the vampires, then it would be a different story. Before they were never able to grow but for the first time, they were allowed to, and that was thanks to Arthur's help. 
 But there was one thing that vampires needed the humans for… their blood. 
 Entering the settlement, Arthur was welcomed by one of the First. The first vampires were now changed to the leaders and the leader that greeted him was the one who would often come and see him. The tenth leader…The same person who had turned him. 
 At first, Arthur was weary about him, he seemed stranger than the others, but then he realised that he was strange in a good way. Often more times than not, he would be the one to convince the others if Arthur wanted something. 
 While walking through, Arthur could smell that all of them here were vampires, and they didn't bat an eyelid when he walked through because he was one of them. 
 As for where they were going today, the tenth leader continued to walk him forward when they had finally arrived at the centre empty space between all the castles. Here all the other leaders were waiting for him, and they were standing in front of what appeared to be a large gravestone. 
 But the strangest thing of all, was one of them was holding onto a human. He could tell from his smell. 
 "Arthur, although our relationship started off sour, I think we have grown to be good partners." The tenth leader said. "You gave us a place to live, stopped humans from chasing us, and in return, we gave you power and technology to help your people. In a way, I feel like you are a part of us." 
 Some of the leaders were nodding in agreement with the tenth, while some of the others seemed to scoff or pull faces as they heard this. Just as much as Arthur and his people's lives were changed, so were theirs. But even if he was a vampire, some felt like he was not like them and never could be. 
 The tenth leader then went on to explain what they wished Arthur to do. To be the law keeper. The grand judge in what vampires had done. They explained why they couldn't harm their own people and him who didn't have a direct connection with them could. 
 Not only for those reasons, but because many of the rules were to do with a vampire and human interaction. He thought him who was once human, and now vampire would be the fairest when coming to making a decision of punishment. 
 But in the end, they weren't telling him all of this because he had a choice. They were telling him this because it would now be his job. 
 Learning of their past, Arthur understood why they had come to a decision such as this, but there Was still a major problem in all of this, and that was power. 
 Arthur was strong before, and when he was turned into a vampire, he grew stronger. The tenth was the one who had mostly taught him, and it was safe to say, due to his skills as a human and vampire, he was now on par in terms of strength with the others. 
 But this was the problem. Nearly all the leaders' strengths were equal to each other. If a leader had committed a crime, then how would Arthur who was weaker than them enforce it. In his own kingdom, the knights had armour and weapons compared to the civilians, and this was what was used to sway the advantage, but there was no advantage here. 
 "And that is why we are here Arthur." Eno said to him after he had voiced his concern. 
 "This is the first king's grave. We had once tried to have an absolute leader, but it did not work out when he had broken the rules, but there was a reason why he was elected to be king over all of us at the time." Said Eno. "That was because he was stronger than us all, we thought that was the most important factor for a leader, but it wasn't. 
 "Still, there was a reason why he was stronger than us, it is because he had an ability that is not known to us vampires. It was the ability to control shadows. When he died, we gave one of the leader's places to one of the strongest vampires to replace them, but the ability was not passed on nor taught to any others." 
 Abilities? 
 During his time as king, there were very few rare reports of people with abilities. Still, it was just reported as witchcraft and when Arthur learnt of the vampires. He assumed most of them must have just been them. Were there really people and vampires with abilities? 
 'But with the first king dead, then I guess his abilities would now be lost as well.' Arthur thought. 
 "We would like to give you his ability," Eno said. 
 He didn't know how they would do such a thing, but it seemed like the process had already started. The leaders had clearly planned everything for a long time. They had also made a set of safety measures in place just in case Arthur was to turn on them. 
 But honestly, after the tenth leader had explained all of the rules and the vampire code to him, he was more than happy to comply. The rules were designed not just to protect the vampires, but humans as well. To keep the two worlds separated. 
 If Arthur was to be the peacekeeper in between these worlds, then he was fine with that. 
 On the floor in front of the large tombstone was a circular like combination lock. They spun the circles in a certain order, and then, steam started to pour out from the top. Soon it raised revealing a cylinder like casket, with a glass pane screen and behind the clear screen, a person could be seen. 
 A pale old man. 
 The class container slid to the side in its oval-like shape, and the body remained upright with its arms placed across its chest. 
 "Is he dead?" Arthur asked. 
 "Not dead, but the most we could do at the time was force him into eternal slumber. But he is practically dead. The only thing that is able to wake a vampire from eternal slumber is the blood of a vampire that belonged to the same family as him and all his family is dead." Eno explained. 
 They told Arthur to stand in front of the body. He looked at the dead king, and even though they had said he was dead, Arthur was afraid at any second he would spring up and grab him, but no such thing happened. 
 One of the leaders had brought the human over. 
 "Okay, Truedream it's time for you to do your thing." The vampire said, pushing him forward. 
 "And you promise to let me go after this right?" The man nervously said, looking around. 
 The vampire nodded, and the man got to work, he went over to the vampire king and closed his eyes as he gave him a kiss. 
 "What is this man doing?" Arthur said. 
 "Don't worry it is all part of the process," Eno replied. 
 Shortly after, when he was done, it was time for the same to be done to him. The man looked at Arthur before saying. "Sorry." 
 And forcing a kiss upon his lips. 
 Arthur wanted to push away, but with the other vampires not reacting he knew it was part of the whole process, and soon he started to feel a strange energy that was entering his body. Finally, the shadow ability was passed onto him. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 489 The first official king 
 A strange new energy was felt inside Arthur. It felt as if there was a new part of his body pulsating through his veins with his blood. A feeling he hadn't felt since he had become a vampire. Focusing on this feeling, it was as if it was telling him to do something; to act out and that's what he did. 
 As he let out the energy from his body, the shadow beneath his feet started to rise and it slowly crept up behind his back, hovering in place. The other vampires seeing this, they took a step back on instinct. Many of them had fought against the king before, and it was a tough battle for them all. 
 Seeing it again didn't bring back the best of memories for them. 
 "I can see you can use it." Eno said as he looked over in the direction of the vampire holding onto the human. They both gave each other a nod, and that was the signal for what he was to do next. 
 Grabbing onto both sides of Truedream's head, with a simple twist his neck was broken, snapped, and the human fell to the floor dead. 
 "Why did you do that!" Arthur said with anger, and at the same time, the shadows flickered on his back. Even though he was a vampire, he still cared for the humans, and it was the first time any of the thirteen had killed someone in front of him. 
 Had they decided to show their true side, now of all times? If so, perhaps he made a grave mistake and the rules and vampire code was just a lie to get him to keep the ability. 
 "Please, I assure you, there is no need for you to feel sorry for this human," Eno explained, trying to calm Arthur down by approaching him. "He was a thief, a crook, and worst of all, a rapist. Of those victims, two of them, had decided to kill themselves. At first, we were just keeping an eye on him, due to his powers. We thought that one day we could use them." 
 "During this time, we noted down everything he did. I believe in the kingdom you have a harsher form of punishment for these people. A crushing of the mans jewels by stone. I believe he got off lightly if you ask me." 
 Arthur was wondering if they had just said this for him, to calm him down, or if the words were true. Because the tenth leader was the one who had said it, and it was the one he trusted most. He decided he would oversee this for now. And would try to look into it himself if these words were true later. 
 Although Eno's words were true, there was another reason why they had decided to kill the human. His ability was too strong. Being able to take away and steal such things, one day they knew it had a great chance to cause trouble, so they wanted to get rid of it now. 
 Arthur was to live in the vampire settlement for a while before he would return to his castle. He stayed at the tenths castle most of the time, and the two of them tried to figure out how to use the shadow ability together. While here, he also planned his death. 
 He learned how to control the shadow and got stronger, stronger than any of the current vampire leaders, but Eno wasn't scared and more proud of the accomplishments he had made. 
 When telling his plans of his death to the kingdom to Eno, he said something that made him to think a bit. 
 "This task is a heavy one, Arthur and I want you to think about this. It is not something you can do on your own. The vampires grow day by day, and you will most likely need help. Yes, you are free to pick men from the vampires, but they won't be loyal to you." Eno said. 
 He knew what he was suggesting. Eno wanted Arthur to pick some of the people from his kingdom. Before leaving them, to turn people he trusted and allow them to be part of the punishers. 
 There were many people loyal to him, many people who would give their life to him, but he didn't know if it was fair on them, or if it was something they wanted. 
 "I'll think about it." 
 Before leaving, there was one more thing to think about. The vampires were now finally ready, ready to elect a new king. In the middle area above the first king's grave, they had already started building a grand castle, larger than the others. 
 Now that Arthur was ready, they were too, and it was just as well as more and more vampires were starting to think of other things. Such as leaving the settlement and going out to explore. 
 The vampires had all met up, and this time, Arthur was invited as well. They hadn't seen him in a while since he had been with Eno, but they could tell that he was more powerful. The confidence he had before when seeing them and the confidence he had now were worlds apart. 
 Many of them were starting to regret their decisions. It didn't make sense for an artificial vampire to have as much power as he did. Stronger than them. 
 They were meeting up in the newly built castle. It wasn't yet finished yet, but on the first floor they had brought a table out, similar to the round table that Arthur had in his kingdom. 
 "Do you like it, we designed it after yours. There are some things we can still learn from each other." Eno said with a smile. 
 It was time; the matter was brought up for what the meeting for today would be, and the thirteen first leaders needed to choose who would be their next king. Each person was allowed one vote, and they weren't allowed to vote for themselves. 
 They went around the room and in the end, the first leader Cain, and the tenth leader Eno, got the highest amount of votes, with five votes each, while another female leader got the remaining three votes. 
 Since there was a draw, a discussion was to take place between all of the leaders. They were talking about why they had placed their vote for certain leaders. 
 The first was the female leader. Not much was said as the ones who voted for her all seemed to be entranced by her beauty. They hadn't really given any valid reasons, and all her votes were from the boys. However, it also seemed like it was impossible for them to change their vote either, as if they were stuck in a spell. 
 As for the one who voted for the first leader. Their reasoning was because he was the strongest of the current vampires. If they ever did need to go to war against the humans and such, then someone like him whose skills were unmatched was needed. 
 But there was a group who were heavily against this idea, and they had voted for Eno. Their reasoning being if Cain was to be selected as the leader again. They would just be making the same mistake as before. On top of that, Eno was the cleverest of the lot. He had helped advance the vampires far in life and also came up with many solutions to their problems, including the current one. 
 These two camps were heavily split it didn't look like either one was going to budge to the other side, and then a suggestion was made. 
 "I believe there is one person here who hasn't cast their vote?" One of the leaders said, looking towards Arthur. "He is an important person in our organization and will be in charge of many things. I think he has a right to vote, don't you agree?" 
 It seemed like most of the vampires were actually in agreement on this, including the female leader with her three men that got the other votes. 
 "Then please Arthur, help us chose this split." The leader asked. 
 It was obvious too many why the leader had suggested this, because even they knew who he was going to pick. 
 "Then I elect the tenth leader to be named king." Arthur said. 
 The decision was now final and it had been made. Eno was to be made the first official king of the vampire settlement. Once the castle was complete, they would announce it to the rest of the settlement. 
 A few days had passed, and Arthur thought it was time for him to return back to his own castle to see how his people were doing. 
 As a gesture of goodwill and wanting to be his escort. Eno had opted to come with him during this time. Two of them talked about a few things like they usually did. It was mostly Eno talking about his new ideas for inventions and such he had, while Arthur found it amazing just to listen to him talking each time. 
 Finally, they had arrived at the castle, but when they had entered, it was quiet. Something was wrong. He searched and searched, but the normal workers and knights that would usefully be on guard weren't present for some reason. 
 As they looked around, they had finally spotted something. It was their noses that had led them to the right place. It was the meeting room where the round table was present, and outside the door leading in blood could be seen. 
 **** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 490 Law Enforcers 
 There wasn't any hesitation in Arthur's mind as he burst through those doors. He didn't know what was waiting for him on the other side, but if his people were hurt, he knew every last second would count towards saving their lives. 
 As the two entered the room, they could see blood marks and been splattered everywhere, and his closest advisors, friends he had known and fought with throughout the years, were lying on the floor covered in blood. 
 Immediately, Arthur went to the one closest to see how he was doing. Thankfully, groans could be heard coming from them. 
 "They're alive," Arthur said, and it wasn't just him. The room was filled with around twenty or so of Arthur's men. These often stayed in the castle and would work around the city. They had been with him for the longest amount of time. 
 One by one, he checked on these people. They had severe wounds on them, but they weren't dead, at least not yet. 
 Arthur wanted to know who had done this and why, but that wasn't the most important thing right now. It was to try to save as many men as possible. The good news was that he had one of the best vampires by his side. 
 "Eno, is there any way of saving these people," Arthur asked. "You introduced the medicine to us, the surgery." 
 But when he saw the look on Eno's face, it was not one he didn't want to see, and the short shake of the head confirmed it. 
 "They have lost too much blood. Moving them would make things worse, and you don't have the facilities to even do things such as a blood transfusion as such." Eno explained. 
 Arthur didn't really understand what Eno was saying, but knew the first words he had spoken. He looked into one of his longest friends who was held in his arms. 
 "Arthur… I'm..glad..to see… you're… safe.." He said as blood filled his mouth and started to pour out from the sides. 
 "You fool! Don't worry about me, what about yourself?" Arthur replied back. 
 "I'm… just..sorry… I won't… be there… to see… you… turn… this... Kingdom… into… something… great." The man replied, and his heartbeat was now starting to weaken. 
 "No!" Arthur cried. "Eno please something, anything." 
 "There is one way," Eno said… 
 Explaining the one way that Arthur could save them, it was to turn all the people in the room into vampires. With his strength as a First, he would have the power to do so, and they would be able to heal from such severe wounds. 
 Perhaps Arthur wasn't thinking straight, nor was he in the right frame of mind at the time. But he had decided he would save all their lives there and then. 
 Giving them a part of his blood, he activated the ritual, and that day they had been saved. 
 After some digging, it turns out the knights, and the maids had been killed and were placed in a different part of the castle that was found later on. Arthur had gotten some of his armies from the city to come and look after the others. According to Eno, it would be some time before they recovered. 
 Now at least he knew they were safe. He could start thinking a little more clearly as well. 
 "Who would do that and why?" Arthur asked. "I understand if they were to attack those close to me, but to let them live? It was as if they were sending me some type of message." 
 "I have an idea," Eno replied. "Many of the leaders weren't happy with the fact that you would become a fourteenth member, and now I'm assuming even more so are unhappy with the decision that you had chosen to make me king. Instead of taking it out on me, who they see as a fellow brother. They decided to take it out on you, an outsider. Perhaps a warning to not meddle with our affairs…. I'm sorry about this, Arthur, it's all my fault." 
 "No… You gave me the option to save my people, and with your skills, you have saved them more than once. I must find out who did this though.�� 
 Eno, then went silent, as if there was something on his mind he wanted to say but he hadn't said it yet, until finally, he had broken the silence. 
 "I think we can find out who did this." Said Eno. "You might not like what I'm about to say, but you have to understand why I did it. I had a vampire stay in your castle. It has been here since the day I turned you. I was worried that something like this would have happened, so I sent him here to protect you. The truth is I already spoke to him and he told me who was the one who had come. If anything was to happen, he was meant to protect you and your people. The only thing was, I never expected a leader themselves to come." 
 "You're saying, one of the leaders did this?" Arthur replied as he clenched his fist. He wanted to return to the vampire settlement and drag whoever it was out of there. 
 "Yes, but Arthur, I think we must do this the correct way. We must do this following the current laws. It will be a perfect opportunity to show the leaders and all the other vampires that this is serious, and this is how things will be from now on." 
 "Okay, I'm ready, now tell me who did this." Said, Arthur. 
 "It was the first leader. Cain." 
 A few days had passed since the incident and Arthur had explained to all the people that day what had happened to him. He didn't choose to hide anything and also told them what he was and what had happened. 
 He had expected some of them to choose to leave him, maybe run away in horror, but instead. Each one of them kneeled down in front of him. Stating that they would continue to follow him as long as he lived. Later on, these twenty men would become the core group of punishers along with Arthur. 
 As the days went past, Eno had returned and finally had stated that they had enough evidence to convict the first leader of committing such a crime. 
 Arthur had returned, and the evidence was placed by Eno. The vampire that was there that day had confessed, as well as evidence of others who were at the castle that day. There was more than one person who said they had seen him. 
 "This is a setup!" Cain shouted. "I'm telling you, I would never do such a thing. I would never sink that low to even think about that." 
 But the evidence was heavily against him. No matter how many times he denied it, it was hard for even those that supported him before to believe his words. The punishment had been decided, and the person who was to deliver it was to arrive. 
 Since this felt like an attack on the new system they were to place and trying to set up. They all felt like there was only one thing they could choose, Death. Otherwise, they would have a similar situation as to what had happened to the first king. 
 The execution was to be made public to show all the vampires what would happen and who was to punish them. Out on the platform in front of the settlement, the first leader stood there, while Arthur too was present with his sword in hand. 
 Only Arthur's face was covered. The punishers would not reveal their identity to many. Otherwise, they would never be able to live a normal life. Being targeted by those who wished to go after them. 
 "Is there anything you wish to say?" Arthur said. He had done this as his time as a king before. But it never felt good, and usually when people knew they were close to death. They would confess everything. But Cain did not, his very last words were…. 
 "I didn't do it, and this heavy burden will be put on your heart one day when you learn it wasn't me." 
 There was no fight put up, like the others though, instead the first leader closed his eyes, and waited for the sword to come down. 
 "So be it." Arthur swung the sword, and with a clean hit, the head was taken off and the first leader was no more. 
 "Grandfather, Grandfather!!!!" A young-looking man shouted from off the platform. His eyes were filled with tears, as Arthur looked down at him. It was a cruel site for anyone to see. 
 The man standing down there felt like he would always remember this day, his grandfather who had treated him well and was the kindest man he knew. Him, Bryce Cain would never forget. 
 After the first execution, the vampires followed the rules well, and Eno had become a great king. The vampires continued to advance and didn't look like they were slowing down. The only area where they were not expanding on was population, and this was all decided by the king. 
 As for the punishers and Arthur. He had finally faked his death, and in doing so they had asked him to move. Creating a new castle for himself in the vampire settlement. 
 Cases would appear now and again, and the punishers would arrive to deal with them. Their power was shown a few times, and quickly their name became known to all the others. 
 Everything seemed to be going fine, that was until the first king had decided that it was finally time. It was time for Eno to go into eternal sleep and pass his position onto the next. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 491 The end of Arthur's tale 
 In the middle of Arthur's story, something strange had happened to Quinn while listening to it. He could hear a voice in his head, but it wasn't in any type of language he could understand. 
 "System is that you?" Quinn asked. 
 "No, I haven't been saying any word. I too, have been deeply interested in learning about the past. There are things that even I didn't know." The system replied. 
 The little deep murmurs continued, and for now, Quinn decided he would ignore it while listening to the rest of Arthur's story, as it seemed like it was soon at the end. 
 **** 
 It had been many years, and the vampire society had established itself well at this point. Eno had felt like he had already given the vampires everything he could and everything he wished for. A place of order and safety. So he decided it was time for him to rest. 
 Even if vampires could live forever, it was a choice old vampires often made. It was hard to explain, but after so many years, things seemed to become tiring. Instead of worrying about death, they started to welcome the idea of eternal sleep, and this very thing had happened to Eno as well. 
 He had already found a person in his family to past down his ability to, and now it was time to make the announcement to the rest of the leaders. When they heard the news, they understood. 
 Before a new vote was selected to crown a king, the old one would be put into eternal slumber first. This was so there would never be a struggle between the old and the new. There was no passing, and instead, just a new election would take place between the council. 
 All of the leaders were present, as Eno had chosen to go into eternal sleep. Before stepping into his prepared and made chamber. His familiar was seen coming out. It was the Bone Claw. 
 Eno himself wasn't the best fighter, but the Bone claw had helped him out greatly to equalise the strength if there ever was a time when he needed to fight. At the start, when he was elected king, there had been times when vampires had tried to kill him, but the Bone claw was always there to protect him. 
 The reason for it appearing now, was because to a familiar, going into Eternal sleep was the same as dying. The bond would be broken, and he would go off once again. 
 Finally, the ceremony was complete, and Eno was placed underneath the tenth castle. 
 This was when all the problems had started. When the second king to the people had taken over. Arthur had thought that the vote this time would have been more one-sided, and he was right. 
 Just it was more one-sided going in the other way. The ones who had voted for Eno last time had voted for one of the first on their side again. Choosing the second leader. As for the other side, they were able to convert the three votes from last time into theirs, making it a clear victory. 
 This time the 6th leader was elected as the king. Under his rule, the vampires started to expand. They were allowed to leave the settlement more. They were careful to not break any of the rules, ever so slightly while doing this. 
 When Arthur asked the other leaders why the votes had gone so one-sided, they had explained how many of the vampires felt bored. Their life was too peaceful, and didn't understand why, them as superior beings had to stay hidden all the time. 
 Watching the vampires grow in population day by day, Arthur felt like he knew what was about to happen. With his small amount of punishers, soon there wouldn't be enough to deal with them if they were all to break the rules at once. 
 But the young vampires weren't able to contain themselves long enough, and they had started braking the rules before it had gotten to that point. 
 Arthur, of course, was to punish these people, and so he did, but this had set off the ticking time bomb in the other leader's feelings, starting the second Civil war. 
 It was found out through interrogation that the people who had broken the rules belonged to the sixth. On top of this, he was the one who granted them permission. The vampires thought because the king had ordered it, they would be safe from punishment. 
 But no one was above the law, and that included the king. 
 This lead to two factions taking place. Those that felt like the king should be at the top, and the punishers shouldn't be treated as on par. And those who wished for the punishers to stay creating a civilised society. 
 At first, Arthur wanted to try to settle this rationally. The other leaders thought to stop this, they would have to fight. And Arthur disagreed with them, that was until he had learnt of the 6th's plans. 
 The reason he wanted to get rid of the punishers was so they could rule over humans. Arthur didn't know how many years had passed since he was turned, it was too many for him to count, but still, he felt like he had a connection with them. 
 He felt like they were his people. Whatever was going to happen, he wouldn't let them do what they wanted, and so the grand battle had started. 
 Some of the leaders sided with the punishers, while others had sided with the second king. Many vampires had died due to this civil war, following their leader's orders, but what they didn't expect, including the sixth. 
 Was how powerful Arthur and his punishers had become during that time. Even with fewer men on their side, with Arthur, he was able to deal considerable blows to all the opposing families. 
 Even the vampire leaders cared about their own families and people, and a truce was to be called. 
 After this event, many things had changed. The sixth leader had agreed to be put to sleep for what he had done. A limit was set for the number of vampires each family could have, and a log of every vampire created would have to be put in place. 
 After all these rules were agreed, Arthur realised he needed to do something as well. The vampires hated the fact that he was an outsider. The only reason they had followed and agreed before was because of Eno. But they hadn't changed there minds, the second he was gone they had decided to act out. 
 Perhaps, Eno was wrong in his idea. The punishers shouldn't have been treated as the same as the vampires in the first place. They shouldn't have been told to live with them and become a part of the fourteen families. So Arthur had made a choice to leave with his people. 
 But before doing so, he would say that he would keep an eye at them at all costs. There were two rules they ultimately had to follow. The number of vampires allowed and If they were ever to attempt an attack on the human race once again. Then he would return to stop them. 
 When Arthur had left, some of the vampires had come with him. All of the punishers and there families and children. As well as some who liked the peaceful place Eno had once created. That was what had eventually led them to move to a different planet. 
 Many more years had passed, with very little interaction happening between vampires and humans. He didn't keep up with the current affairs of the vampires personally but had people watching them. People he could trust. Finally, Arthur felt like he could rest and go to sleep. 
 "And when I woke up, I saw that there was no one around me," Arthur said, finishing his story. "Everyone who had come with me had gone missing. I never expected to wake up, but I at least wish to know what happened to my people." 
 As the story was finished being told, the others started to ask him questions within the story. Interesting parts or specific details about certain things. 
 As for Quinn, the voice in his head continued, and it had only gotten louder. Suddenly, he recognised the voice in his head and where it was coming from. 
 "Sorry, do you mind if I just head to the bathroom quickly? I'll be back." Quinn said as he rushed off. 
 Arthur enjoyed recalling stories of the past, and the others seemed to be interested as well. So he continued on, explaining every little bit. 
 As for Quinn, he hadn't headed for the toilet and instead decided to enter one of the empty bedrooms. When he finally arrived, he sat down on the floor and closed his eyes as he started to meditate. 
 In his mind, he was transported to a black room where he could see himself standing. It was completely empty and void of nothing, but it looked as if it would endlessly go on. 
 "Go on then," Quinn said. "Tell me, what do you want to tell me.." 
 Form his back, the mist started to appear, and the appearance of the Bone Claw was seen. During a certain part in Arthur's story, the Bone claw had started speaking, but Quinn was unable to understand it. The two didn't communicate in the same language after all. 
 But here, there maybe would be another way they could communicate. 
 The Bone claw started by lifting its arms up, and at the same time, the black room started to change. Shapes and objects, colours began to form. The first thing he could see clearly, was a round table being created and sitting there, many people present. 
 That's when it hit him, the bone claw was showing Quinn a scene from the past. This was the round table that Arthur had described in his story. 
 The question was, why was the Bone claw showing him this, or what was he trying to show him? 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 492 The real pas 
 "I..will…show…you…the…past…" The deep dark voice said slowly and broken. 
 The Bone claw rarely communicated to Quinn, at least not in a way he could understand. There were times when he couldn't understand what it was saying, and there were times when he could. Perhaps whatever it wanted to show Quinn, it felt like it was necessary. 
 As the black room started to change into a replica image of Arthur's old castle, and the Bone claw saying those words, it seemed like Quinn's thoughts were right. They were currently at the castle inside the meeting room looking at the round table. 
 It was exactly how Arthur had described it in his story. Thinking back, Quinn realised something, the tenth leader, or the previous king, also had the Bone claw. Was the one Quinn had and this one the same? Was that why it was showing him this image? 
 Around twenty or so men were present, some of them had fighting gear on while others just had robes. These were Arthur's trusted men and not all of them were fighters. 
 Both the Bone claw and Quinn were hovering in the air above the table. It was as if they were in the room with them. Like he was watching a movie but was able to be inside and move about. 
 "Did you get the notice?" One of the men asked. 
 "Yes, Arthur said he would be returning, it had his seal, and he told us to wait in this room. How he would tell us the truth about everything." Another replied. 
 "What if the rumours are true. What if he really is working with demons. That's how he was granted his power, and he has never changed in age." One asked. 
 "Does that matter? Whatever Arthur has done, he has always done it for the sake of the people. I'm sure if he did make some kind of deal, then the only person it would have an effect on is himself. I will follow him to the end. He saved our lives, all of us. If it wasn't for him, perhaps all our families, our lives we had now, wouldn't have even existed." 
 The other's nodded in agreement, and at the same time, a sudden look of horror had appeared on all of their faces. The man who stood in front of them was unaware of what had just appeared behind him. Out from a black portal, teleporting in, a large thick bone-like creature had appeared with deathly claws. 
 A swipe was made, and blood was drawn. The knights and humans were no match for the Bone claw, as it continued to go around the room, appearing and disappearing seconds later, causing damage to each and every one. 
 "What is this?" Quinn thought. "Is that you, did you do that… is this when Arthur had returned to the castle. Why did you do this?" Quinn shouted. 
 The scene continued to play out, and eventually, all of the people in the room were hurt and damaged. They weren't dead but left barely alive. When the bone claw was done, another man had entered the room. 
 Quinn had no reference of who this man was, but he picked each human up and activated the influence skill on them. As he did, he would describe the features of the attack to each one of them. Changing the memory in their mind. 
 Soon after, the bone claw in the memory had disappeared, and the scene had changed. When it changed, he could see two people walking through the forest. One of the people looked identical to Arthur. He was right, his appearance really did never change. 
 As for the other, it was quite a young-looking man, with short brown hair, handsome and had a gentle, trusting face. But that's when Quinn saw it. He could see the two of them walking towards the castle, and for a brief second, his face had changed. 
 The room went to pitch black in an instant once again, and the current Bone claw was standing in front of Quinn. 
 "Did Eno order you to do that, but why? And why did you choose to show me!" Quinn shouted. 
 But soon after, the Bone claw started to turn into mist and Quinn knew he would no longer get any answers. 
 Opening his eyes, he had broken out from his mediation, and he was still in the dark room. 
 "Arthur, he doesn't know the truth I…" 
 But before Quinn could think about what to do, the system had replied. 
 "I don't think its a good idea to tell him." The system said. "I have a good idea of why the previous tenth leader did what he did. He knew Arthur was too kind-hearted. He would have never turned his people if he didn't have to. It was the previous tenths way of making more punishers, and at the same time, it got rid of his greatest competitor for his goal. 
 "Doing this achieved many things, and he could also show to the other vampires his system with the punishers had worked. It was probably why during his time, the punishers effect they had on the settlement had worked so well. Because it was fresh in their head about what had happened." 
 "But… Doesn't he deserve to know the truth? He killed the first leader, the vampire was innocent." Quinn replied. 
 "And does that change anything?" The system replied. "This is the past that Arthur knows, From the way he talks about the tenth in his stories, it seems he was close to this man. Perhaps even saw him as a good friend. I believe it might even be the reason why he is happy to help you know after finding out you are not a punisher, because you have a relation to the tenth. 
 "If you tell him this, you risk running that relationship. I'm not saying to never tell him, but not when we don't have all the answers. If you were to tell him, it would only lead to Arthur asking more questions, and me or you don't have the answers to that. There is no point ruffling up more feathers than we already have. You need to start being more selfish and thinking about you more, Quinn." 
 The system seemed to be quite adamant on his opinion in this matter, but at the end of the day, he was right. The situation was still not resolved, and because of Arthur's display. It seemed like the king, and the others were more inclined to listen. 
 And after hearing Arthur's story, he was a more important figure in the vampire world then they realised. He was practically equal to a king and was the reason why the vampires hadn't chosen to try to get rid of the human race. 
 "System, this Eno person. I'm assuming he is related to you, did you know him, or his name?" Quinn asked. 
 "I do not, if you are thinking about what I think you are, we are not the same person. My reason for leaving the settlement had nothing to do with his, it was because of….soon, Quinn. When I know you are safe, I will tell you why I left." The system replied. 
 But that wasn't why Quinn was asking. It was a long shot, but he was starting to wonder about Eno of the past. If he was tricky enough to trick Arthur into doing such things for his goal, Quinn didn't believe he would be such a person to just give up his seat of power like so. 
 It sounded more like he was a person who would do anything to achieve his goal. Did Eno really die? Or did he have a plan to come back at some point. It was quite possible that Richard Eno and this Eno were the same person, the Ai was an Ai after all and could have been programmed like so. 
 For some reason, the Eno of the past cared for humans, and perhaps when he saw they were in trouble, he introduced all the vampire technology to them to try and help them. 
 Then what of the Dalki? If they were like Borden, man-made, a mixture of beast and human, are they really aliens? Or something the vampires created. If so, who had made them and why. It wouldn't make sense for Eno to create the Dalki and also help out the humans at the same time. 
 All the thinking was starting to hurt Quinn's head quite a bit. The pressure seemed to be adding up day by day. The more information he would unlock, the more questions he had to ask and the more decisions he needed to make. 
 Before deciding anything, he needed to leave this vampire place with everyone alive. He had been gone quite a while, and if he didn't return soon to the others, they would probably think something was up. 
 Arriving back in the room, Quinn could see that they were all happily talking away. When looking at Arthur, he could see a big smile as he talked about his past with others. 
 'He's a good man.' Quinn thought. 
 A person who had always thought about others even now. Him and Arthur weren't too different either. He had been turned by a tenth leader against his will, and so had Quinn, and they both had the shadow powers. 
 If one day, Quinn could be half the man Arthur was, it was something he could be proud about. 
 "What took you so long?" Vorden asked. 
 "Sorry, this place is so big it was hard to find a toilet," Quinn replied back as he sat down in his seat. 
 "Okay, I think that's enough about me." Arthur said, "Now Quinn, is it. You interest me greatly for more reasons than one. Why don't you tell me about yourself? Who are you, are you really the tenth leader?" 
 Now all the eyes in the room had turned to Quinn. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 493 The calling 
 It was finally time for Quinn to explain his situation. His close friends had heard this story before, but there were a few people who didn't know the truth behind Quinn. This included the likes of Silver, Fex and Arthur. 
 Just like Arthur, Quinn too had started from the beginning. Explaining how he was gifted a book from his parents, and once a drop of blood from his finger had touched the book, he had turned into what he had become today. There was no need to explain the system part or about the AI in his head. These weren't important parts. 
 However, he did explain that when he had turned Peter, he felt something special inside him click, and the same thing happened again. As for him being the tenth leader this was found out when he had completed the blood ritual. 
 The way Quinn had explained the information the system had given him along the way, was by saying it would just come into his head from time to time. The first time being when he had turned Peter. The information would enter as if he already knew it. Then he explained the same thing happened as soon as he stepped into the castle. He knew for sure he was the leader and Edward the vampire knight from the previous ten confirmed it. 
 "Wait! So you're saying you really are the tenth leader!" Fex shouted. "I thought you were just saying it to buy some time. To maybe get them off your back." 
 "It makes sense now why you were able to change so many people into vampires without your body being affected." Silver said. "The fast progression and such it was all due to you being turned into a vampire through some irregular method." 
 Hearing Quinn's tale about how he had become a vampire, had reminded Arthur of his own. He knew he felt something similar between the two, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. It wasn't just the shadow power that connected them. It was the fact that Quinn had a human heart. 
 "Have you learned where the book has come from?" Arthur asked. 
 Quinn shook his head. He had ideas, but nothing solid. 
 "Based on what you have told me so far, it would seem like that book was originally created by one of the tenths powers. It sounds like something that ability could do. This is why, when it turned you into a vampire, it also made you the leader. Were any of your parents vampires?" 
 "No," Quinn replied. "They weren't and I'm a hundred percent human before, I'm sure of that. The problem is, I can't even ask them now how they got the book." 
 Although Quinn had said this, there was one person who could tell him. And he had promised to tell Quinn when this was over. 
 Fex and Silver were in the corner pleased and smiling, it was the happiest they had seen them since they had entered the castle. 
 "What's with you two?" Layla asked. 
 "You guys don't understand. If Quinn is really the tenth leader, then there is a good chance my punishment will be lessened, I finally have hope." Fex said. 
 "But, if Quinn was the leader all along, then why didn't he just tell them?" Cia asked. "You knew about being the leader when you turned Peter first, right?" 
 "Actually, that isn't a good idea." Arthur did the explaining for the others here. He knew what was most likely to happen and what the vampire council was like. For some reason they aimed for the king's seat like mad men. As if when they obtained it, they would became some sort of god. He knew how far some of the vampires were willing to go to get that seat. 
 With Arthur explaining the difficulties and the possibilities of Quinn being killed if he was to mention it, Quinn was happy for once he didn't have to explain and Arthur was confirming what the system had to say. 
 Now, Arthur wanted to get to the serious questions. He was happy to learn about the boy more, and how he got his vampire powers to be, but after learning about Quinn. He was doubtful whether he would know what he really wanted to find out. 
 "Can I ask about the shadow ability you obtained? At first, I thought you were possibly one of the newest recruits of the punishers. One that was placed after I had gone into sleep. Although we had moved to a new planet. We still had a system of our own for our people, and the punishers still acted as a type of police. We needed to make sure to pass on the powers generation from generation if there was ever the need to stop the vampires and intervene. But now, I'm pretty sure you were not." Said Arthur. 
 Quinn went on to explain about how he had found the shadow ability book by complete coincidence on one of the vampire planets. The planets they would use for training vampires that were coming of age, turning into a vampire noble. 
 There were a hundred ways for this ability book to have gotten on that planet, maybe a vampire in training of the past, and when the humans came, they had found the book. Or a human had killed a vampire who carried the book and kept it for storage when they found out they couldn't learn it. 
 "Although you are not a punisher, it seems you have learned to adapt the shadow with your own skills quite well. I should expect at least this much from the person who freed me." 
 "The person who freed you?" Quinn asked, as it was the second time he had heard this. 
 "Oh right you do not know. I wanted to ask you as well. The underground settlement, there was a tower and a sword behind a glass pane, I believe it looked like this." Arthur said as he pulled the sword from out of his shadow. 
 "Ahhh!" Fex said jumping from his seat. "Quinn, that's the tower we went to. Where we fought against that king tier beast." 
 Now Quinn was sure of it. The armor Arthur was wearing when he was fighting, the sword. These were all things he had seen in the tower. 
 "But I don't remember freeing you?" Quinn said. 
 "It seems that it might have been unintentional," Arthur replied. "Before passing on I handed a blood crystal with my family bloodline to my right-hand man. He was free to do what he wished with it, but it was mainly if he ever needed to wake me again." 
 "You're right, I do remember that blood crystal. So when I inserted it into that machine, that's what woke you up?" 
 Arthur nodded. 
 The group went on to explain to Arthur what they had seen down there and how they had fought against a deadly king tier beast. After all, nearly all of them were there that day when fighting against it. But hearing this, Arthur had a saddened look on his face. 
 "From the sounds of it, when you guys arrived there were also no vampires present I see. It seems like the council has a lot to answer for what happened to my people." Said Arthur. 
 "I'm sorry, we don't know much about it either." Silver said. "All we know is that the punishers no longer existed anymore after the civil war. We didn't even know that the punishers side had won at the time and had chosen to leave. They made it sound like they had already killed you in battle. Let alone that you actually were peacefully living on another planet." 
 Something strange was going on, and Arthur could feel it. As if something more was going on in the current world. Perhaps more complicated than the one he left. 
 After the stories were finished being told, the group were told they were free to rest in the castle until the council would call them. It wasn't like they had any other choice anyway. There were vampires everywhere and they knew humans were staying here as well. 
 As for Quinn, his group, and the others. They actually thought it was a good idea if they all slept in the same room. Right now they didn't really feel safe on their own, including Silver and Fex, even if they didn't want to admit it. 
 As sheets and mattresses were being taken from one room and put into another, Quinn had to ask a question that had been burning on his mind. "Vorden what the hell is that little thing on your shoulder? It's been bugging me all day." 
 The little figure was still lying on its belly over Vorden's shoulder, and it could be seen going up and down as it breathed in and breathed out. 
 Using his hand, Vorden lifted his head, and a sleepy mini Borden could be seen. 
 "Borden! What happened to him?" Quinn asked. 
 "Why don't we talk about what happened to us while you were kicking that Vadeen leader's arse," Vorden said. 
 Borden was still last asleep and hadn't woken up, and the group decided to share stories of there battles they had. This was also fun for Erin to hear as she hadn't seen them in a long time either. After everyone had finished telling them of their battles, they wanted to ask about Erin and Leo and how they had even met. 
 They also had explained what type of journey they had been on, how Erin was able to escape from Pure, and how Leo had helped her. 
 "You killed a high ranking number of Pure!" Layla said shocked, she looked at Leo and only just then she realized how strong he must have become. Her hands were shaking at the news. When her hands finally stopped shaking and she realized her old friend was now in front of her, She proceeded to give her a hug. 
 "It's good to see you again," Layla said. 
 "You too," Erin replied. 
 As for Cia, she was happy to learn more about Pure, since Erin was treated like a new member, she could imagine what type of place it was. And she was kind of happy she didn't remember, from the way Erin was explaining everything. 
 After everyone was done telling their stories and experiences, they had fallen into a deep sleep. All apart from Leo, and Silver that was. The two of them had decided to play guard duty. As they stood outside the door not saying a word to each other. 
 "Those kids. They're so young to be going through things like this." Leo finally said. 
 "I wish…..I wish Fex could just enjoy his life with his friends…" Layla said. 
 And hearing these words, Leo smiled. Knowing he was next to a caring woman. An unknown amount of time had passed and Arthur walking the hallways spotted the two of them. 
 "It's time." Said Arthur. "The council have asked to see everybody. They are to make their decision." 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 494 Proof of the tenth leader! 
 The group had gathered up and were standing in the reception area of the castle. Even though they now felt confident that the outcome wouldn't be the same and Fex had a fighting chance. They couldn't help but feel nervous that something unexpected might occur. Especially since it seemed like unexpected things were happening more often than not lately. 
 Standing at the front of the group, Arthur had opened a large shadow on the floor. 
 "I think it's best if you hand all your weapons over to me. They won't let us in that room with all this equipment on." He explained. "If it's on me, I can use my ability to hand it over to you at any time." Giving a wink to them all. 
 It was a way for them to still have their weapons in case of emergency, while not having them at the same time, following the rules. 
 "Of course, the grand judge of the vampires would best know how to bend the rules," Fex said. 
 As for Quinn, he never had weapons on him to start with since he could use the skill shadow equip. 
 Exiting from the castle, around thirty or so vampires were standing outside lined up opposite each other in two rows. With them, was Muka, the ninth leader. 
 "We are here to escort you to the king's castle." Said Muka. "Everyone who was involved with the incident yesterday evening is to be present." 
 After saying these words, the group was escorted along with the rest of the vampires standing by their side. When walking through the settlement, the vampires made sure to walk in synchronised form, blocking the view of the people going towards the king's castle. 
 "Everyone?" Layla said, a little nervous. 
 "Yeah, does that mean even the people we were fighting against are going to be there?" Vorden asked. 
 "I wouldn't worry too much." Arthur replied. "The king will be present for this. The vampires respect the king quite greatly. Even if they don't agree with his ideals or such, they will still follow his orders. It's only after he disappears where the cracks that weren't apparent before, start to appear." 
 Finally, the group had arrived and they were continued to be escorted into the large room. It was the vampire king's table. The fourteen seats were all empty at the moment. 
 "Looks like we are here first." Arthur said as he naturally went towards one of the biggest chairs that was stationed on one end of the table. It was opposite the king's chair, and he sat down. It was as if he had done this a thousand times before. 
 Muka looked at him as if Arthur was a bit of a mad man, but then he guessed that chair was always for him after all. Just he would have thought Arthur would have asked for permission from the king before doing such a thing. Did he know how long that chair was empty for? The other vampires would not react well to this move. 
 The vampires that were with Muka had gone to line up along the side. Muka had also ordered those with Quinn to line up by the side as well, towards the back of the wall. Muka explained to them some basic rules. That they were not allowed to speak at all unless being spoken to. It was strange, but Logan was happy to see that even for Leo, Silver and Fex had the same rules applied to them. 
 It wasn't like the humans were being treated any differently during this meeting. Quinn naturally went to line up with his friends on the back wall. 
 "What are you doing?" Arthur said. "Your place is not there." He then pointed with his finger to one of the seats. 
 "Arthur, you can't be serious?" Muka replied. 
 "If what you have told us is true Quinn, then that seat is rightfully yours. You sit there and show the rest that this is your rightful place, it is important to not let the vampires push you around." 
 Hearing this, Muka didn't say anymore. Because perhaps Arthur was right. 
 "Quinn, Arthur seems to be a wise man who probably knows the council better than they know themselves. I will tell you if he gives you bad advice or not." The system said. 
 Doing so, Quinn walked over and looked at the seat. For some reason, it felt like a strange power was emitting from it, but it seemed no different from the others, and taking in a deep breath, he finally sat down. 
 "Does it feel good?" Arthur said. 
 But Quinn didn't reply, he didn't know if it felt good or bad. Just different. 
 They waited patiently until the other leaders started to enter the room one by one. This time, they had their vampire knights by their side, some with knights they hadn't seen before. Ones that weren't a part of the battlefield. Most of the leaders who had fought looked to have made a full recovery. Even Lee as he entered the room. 
 Both Fex and Silver looked in Lee's direction, but he quickly looked away and sat in his seat. 
 However, some of the leaders had still yet to recover, and these were the ones that had been hit with Qi infused attacks. Their wounds were healing, just at a slower rate. 
 When Edward had entered the room, he had gone over to Quinn's side and stood by his seat. Acting as if he was his vampire knight. 
 "You look good in that seat," Edward said with a smile. Hoping to calm the boy down. He could see Quinn got more nervous as more leaders started to enter the room. 
 It was undoubtedly an awkward feeling for everyone. Just moments ago, people in this room were trying everything in their power to kill each other, and now they were to look at their enemies without saying a word. 
 Then finally, Bryce, the first leader, had entered the room. He first saw that Arthur was sitting in the punisher's seat, a seat that had remained empty since he had become a leader. He was happy seeing that seat empty and never thought he would live to see the day when it would be filled again, especially not with someone as strong as him. 
 There two eyes had met, and Arthur was sitting with his leg up on his thigh and his hand on his face. He was the most relaxed out of everyone there. 
 Ignoring this, Bryce continued heading towards his seat, and that's when he passed Quinn and Edward. 
 "Huh, you are certainly brave," Bryce said. "You may think it is a smart move to sit in that chair, trying to convince us all you really are the tenth, but if you aren't, and you sat in another leader's seat. Then I will personally cut off your head. The punisher has no right to protect you from an offence as grave as this." 
 Hearing this Quinn gulped. He didn't feel the same as he did on the battlefield. When he had a goal in his head and was trying to save Fex. He forgot about everything. All he wanted to do at the time was to fight and save their lives, but now he no longer had that energy in him. 
 He could feel the power of everyone in the room. He couldn't even imagine trying to fight them all now. 
 "Will we really be okay?" Quinn asked the system in his head. 
 "Yes, do not worry. There are many ways for them to find out wherever or not, you are truly the leader of the tenth castle. Do you remember when the castle lit up when you entered? That's because the leaders have a bond they can set up with certain things. Pass them on. The castle reacting to you proved you have that bond, Quinn." 
 But what the system didn't mention, was there was also the chance something like what happened with the castle could happen as well. Maybe there would only be a slight reaction because Quinn wasn't ready yet, but the AI didn't want to make the boy anymore nervous than he already was. 
 When the leaders entered, they did so from the door that was placed behind Arthur's Seat, but there was also a large set of double doors that were placed behind the king's seat. These doors never opened, unless the king himself was attending the council meeting, and today, those doors had opened. 
 The two royal knights had entered the room first, and the king in the same calmed relaxed robe clothing as before had entered after them. Immediately the leaders stood up and so did Arthur this time. 
 All of them bowed, and Quinn, as well as his group, followed as they had been told to by Muka before. But Arthur still did not bend, he didn't need to and was never asked to. It was done this way, to prove that his position was no lower than the kings. 
 "Please sit." The king said, and the rest followed. 
 "We have gathered all the information that has been provided by all those from the event yesterday. We were always aware of what was happening but didn't think it would turn into such a serious matter so fast, at least not one involving the return of the tenth leader. In all honesty, something like this should be a joyous occasion to be celebrated, and I am saddened by the fact that it has caused this outcome instead. 
 "Although we haven't yet heard from the interrupters of this event yet so far, we felt like a decision couldn't be made until we found out the truth. The other leaders had brought up their concerns with the belief that this boy here is not the tenth leader. 
 "For one, he has the ability of the shadow, and not the same ability as Vincent the tenth before, as for the second, he is still a vampire Noble. Not yet at the evolution stage of a vampire lord. Because of this, before we can come up with a verdict, we must determine whether or not the vampire boy known as Quinn, is truly the tenth leader or not." 
 As the king finished speaking those words, out from behind a strange table was brought out which had a large black ball on the top. There were many strange contraptions and writings underneath it, as if they were going to perform some type of magic spell. 
 "The flames behind each seat react to the lifeline of each vampire. When a leader passes away, the flame diminishes. When a vampire performs a ritual and passes on the leadership to another, the flame is no longer linked to them, but the new vampire." 
 The king then placed his hand on top of the black ball, and the flame that was a few meters behind his seat, and above his head started to burn brighter and stronger than ever. 
 "I would like to invite the new tenth leader, to prove that they are the tenth leader. Place your hand on the ball. If you are who you say you are, then the flame should react behind your seat." 
 The ball that was on the table was then rolled over to Quinn's side where he sat. He got up from his seat, and he stood in front of the ball looking at it. His heart felt like it was going to jump out from his throat and was beating as fast as a regular human heartbeat. 
 Of course, all of the vampires in the room could hear this as well. The sound of his heartbeat. 
 'How could a vampire, who can't even control his heart, be a leader?' 
 'Look at him, he's so nervous, it was a lie I knew it.' 
 These were the thoughts of many in the room. 
 "Now, Quinn, please place both hands on the ball." 
 Closing his eyes, Quinn was too afraid to look at the results. He slowly readied himself moving his hands towards the ball, feeling that the palms of his hand were sweating, then finally both of his hands were placed on the ball and there was a result…. 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 495 The final Verdic 
 Seeing how nervous Quinn was before touching the ball, was starting to make the others feel nervous as well watching by the sides. 
 'Was it possible Quinn was lying? Or was there something else worrying him about the whole thing.' Logan thought as he could see his hand ever so slightly shaking as he was about to touch the ball. 
 Then finally, both hands were placed and the ball and then…. 
 The flames above the tenth seat grew in size and started to move about furiously just like before. Seeing this, Quinn couldn't help but let out a smile and quickly let go of the ball. He did this just in case like when the tower had stopped, he thought the flames would too. 
 "So he really is the tenth leader. Then why didn't Vincent pass on his powers?" One of the leaders asked. 
 "How and when did this happen, did Vincent make an illegal and pass it on to him?" The mumbling continued, and the Royal knights suddenly let out a little bit of their energy, to remind the others just who was in the room at the moment, and it fell silent again. 
 "It is not our place to discuss what he did or why he did it. The simple fact is that Quinn did not lie. He is the tenth leader, and he has returned. When planning our decision, we had two scenarios of what to do. One if you were the leader, and one if you were not. But there are still many problems we have to solve. 
 "First, you yourself being a leader has changed the outcome of Fex's crime. A leader is allowed to create a vampire, so The Wight was never illegal in the first place. The tenth's population has not reached the maximum amount, so there was no crime on this part. 
 "As for Quinn's actions, two of them have claimed to have been sworn blood brothers. Making Quinn's actions justifiable in trying to save his blood brother. I am not a fool and understand that Quinn being as weak as he is, if he was to state he was a leader no one in this room would have believed him." 
 The leaders remained silent as they continued to hear the king give his verdict and his reasoning for doing so. Some of them wanted to contest and argue, but deep down, they knew this was true as well. 
 "But it doesn't change the fact that Fex had lied to all the leaders present. Not telling them of who had created the Wight and informing them of the truth. His punishment and abandonment of his position shall remain the same. He currently does not belong to the thirteenth family, nor will he get special privileges as a direct descendent. He will no longer be able to obtain the position of a leader." 
 Hearing these words, the sadness in Lee's eyes grew. He had planned great things for his son, and wanted him to take his place. Now that just wasn't possible. 
 "My king, so are you saying there will be no punishment for the tenth leader?" Bryce asked calmly, trying to contain his anger. "I understand you have forgiven him for the attack, but even before that, there were reports of him killing the direct descendants. He has even brought humans to this establishment." 
 "You are correct." The king replied. "The verdict is not yet finished, but there has been some new information that has been received. Clark has changed his statement from before, allowing it to be more accurate. Would you care to share Clark?" 
 Clark, the vampire knight who had fought with Quinn on the bat planet at that time, stepped forward from his leader's Jim's side. 
 "The direct descendant's death, I believe, is my own fault, for not caring for them properly. When I arrived at the scene, I saw an unknown vampire standing there and three dead students. I had at the time only assumed that he had killed them, but did not see it with my own eyes." 
 Quinn didn't know why, but for some reason, Clark and Jin had decided to change their statements, making it more favourable for Quinn. 
 "That's crap!" Bryce shouted. 'Of course, it was him." 
 The system then, whispered something into Quinn's head, something that would clear the situation for them all. He raised his hand, and the king looked over in his direction, giving him a nod allowing him to speak. 
 "If you want, I give you permission to use your influence on me as the tenth leader. That way, we can clear up the students' deaths." 
 The king ran his fingers through his long hair as he thought about it for a while. He could see the anger on some of the other leaders. After all, their sons had been killed by another leader. If this were to happen, even if they were leaders, there would be some consequences. 
 Honestly, the reason the current king was being quite lenient on Quinn was because he had some questions of his own. He wanted Quinn to be a part of the vampires, for before he too was close with the tenth, Vincent. But he wasn't sure if Quinn's suggestion was a smart one. 
 For he thought that Quinn really had killed the descendants and now he might have just been bluffing. But when looking into Quinn's eyes, he could see a glint of confidence. 
 "Very well." The king stared directly at Quinn and his eyes shined bright red. 
 This time, Quinn wasn't able to even resist at all, he had been taken over in an instant. 'Is this the power of a king?' 
 "Did you Quinn Talen, Kill three of the direct descendants?" The king asked a simple and direct question. The influence skill always worked best when it was used this way. 
 The others, seeing he was under their control, Quinn answered there and then. 
 "I did not." 
 The influence was broken, and with that, the answer for them was satisfied. The king not wanting to go onward with this matter anymore, had decided to continue. 
 "How did you know that would work?" Quinn asked. 
 "Because Quinn, you didn't kill them. It was the Bone Claw. The influence skill can only say nothing but the truth." The system replied. 
 "As you said, there are still more matters, and the decision shall be left up to Quinn, the tenth leader. Concerning the humans he had brought with him, they are not allowed to know of the settlement. Therefore we have chosen to give him a few options. 
 "First, the humans are to be killed." Hearing the first options, those on the side nearly dropped to their knees. Hearing such an influential figure talk about their death so easily, it was quite the shock. 
 "Second, their memories are to be removed of all of this place and events of ever happening, before being returned. And thirdly. They are to be turned into vampires to be put under the tenths control." 
 Hearing this, the others felt a little better, but Logan and Vorden were not happy about the options given. To lose their memories or be turned. They didn't like the sound of either of those things happening. 
 "Before I make the final announcement, is there anything the others would like to bring up?" 
 There were many points Bryce wanted to bring up, and the same with Muka, after all, his vampire knights were killed, but he still had found nothing solid at all. But the decisions had already been made, and the current king was much about unity. He would want to try to bring everyone together as quickly as possible. 
 They knew of this because they had already discussed many different matters before this one in the last meeting without Quinn. 
 Many Vampire knights needed to be replaced as well as a new leader to be found. A ritual would have to be made since the leader had died before choosing a successor. Something like the death of a leader hadn't happened in a long time. 
 Then, Arthur was the one who raised his hand. 
 "While everyone is here, I thought it would be best to ask my own question. What happened to the punishers when I went into my slumber? When I woke up, no one was there." When saying this, his playful tone wasn't there like usual, and his shadow was seen slightly flickering above his shoulders. 
 "I thought you would ask something like this." The king replied. "The truth is Arthur, we don't know what happened to your people either. You know I was always on the punisher's side when the events of the last civil war happened. I actually wanted the punishers system back, and... I was even going to ask you if you wish to have your position you once had again." 
 The sudden look on some of the vampires faces dropped when the king had suggested this. 
 "Because of this, I regularly had someone check on your establishment from time to time, and then one day there was no one. They had all gone. I'm afraid I have no clue what happened that day." 
 Arthur carefully scanned his eyes around the room, there were a lot of frightened faces on some of the leader's faces. More so then they should have been. 
 'It looks like some of them know more of what's going on then the king?' Arthur thought. 
 "So what do you say Arthur, do you wish to return to the position you once held?" The king asked. 
 If Arthur was to stay at the fourteenth castle. Then maybe there was a chance he could find out the truth and do some investigating. But when thinking about this, the image of the human Shelter he had looked after appeared in his head, including images of Ruby. 
 Was he going to leave those people? 
 "I must decline your offer. I believe you have done well so far." Arthur said. "I Believe as long as the correct king is elected then you will do fine without me. Although I will be happy if you still treated me as an important guest from time to time." 
 "Of course." The king replied. 
 The king then stood up from his seat, signalling the meeting was about to end as he said his last words. 
 'Then, before I end this meeting, I have one last thing to say. Quinn Talen, is now the tenth leader. With this, he shall be treated as such and has become part of the council. He shall perform his duties as a leader just like everybody else here, and his first task will be deciding what to do with the humans he has brought with him. The meeting is now over." 
 As soon as the king left the room, all of the other leaders left as well, not even looking at Quinn. While all of his friends remained at the side. 
 "This is what I was afraid of Quinn." The system said. "Now they know you are the tenth leader. You are to remain here forever. If you choose to leave without their permission, you will be treated as a criminal." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 496 The New Tenth family 
 Leaving from the king's castle, the group walked off towards the tenth castle. It now rightfully belonged to Quinn, so there would be no one stopping. Leading the group was Edward. Arthur had also decided to come along with them as an escort until they had at least reached the castle door. It was just in case if there were any unexpected occurrences along the way. 
 As for Silver and Fex. They had broken off from the group to head back to the thirteenth castle. They both needed and wanted to have a serious conversation with their father. Everything had felt so strange since the incident withFex, and as a family together, they needed to decide on the next step of what to do. 
 Another thing that had crossed the thought of the group was why the mention of the Dalki attacking hadn't come up in the meeting. Edward had explained that the vampire's had tried to look for the Dlaki everywhere but could find no sign of him. Unaware that it was actually the strange little thing on Vorden's shoulder. 
 What worked in their favour, was Edward actually didn't know that the Dalki was part of Quinn's group. He had assumed that the Dalki had come randomly during the fight and was a separate problem altogether. So when they asked him about it, he never tried vouching for it either. Even when they had used the influence skill to ask who was part of their plan, he did not know. So that discussion was dealt as a separate problem to the rest. 
 While walking to the castle, Quinn was busy racking his mind with what to do next. 
 'I have to stay here? But I can't." Quinn thought. Rather than can't, it was more like Quinn didn't want to stay here. He looked at the others that were behind him, Vorden, Peter, and Logan as such. Maybe before he had met them, he could just change his life as such, but to suddenly live in a new place like this, and to be a leader. 
 It just wasn't something Quinn wanted to do. What Quinn wanted was to just be free, and being under the vampires, or under the humans, he didn't feel free. 
 The other problem was, not just him, but the others were also meant to return to school soon. There was only a little over a week before the second year would start. 
 As he was deep in thought, Logan came over to his side. "Don't worry too much," Logan said. "If anything, our memories can be wiped. It's not a big deal. I could always just make a video log of some sort and hide it. Just watch it back later. It won't feel the same, but I will still have the same information either way." 
 "The main problem is you, Quinn. When they spoke, there was no option for you to leave this place." Logan said. 
 Logan didn't say it, but he thought of a couple more things that perhaps could get them out of the woods as well. One of them was pretending to be vampires again, using the potion. The vampires hadn't found out how they were able to disguise themselves. If they just needed to prove they were vampires for a short amount of time, this could work, but the problem was, if they were turned into vampires or they thought they were vampires, then they would have to stay, just like Quinn. 
 And Honestly, both Logan and Vorden didn't want that. 
 Finally, they had arrived in front of the tenth castle. The news hadn't been publicly announced as of yet about the new tenth leader, and they had explained to Edward that it was his duty to inform his people of this as well. However, when he looked at Quinn, he thought it would be best to leave it a while before they made such an announcement. 
 Quinn didn't exactly look like the most menacing or strongest of vampires. 
 "Alright, I guess my journey ends here," Arthur said. 
 "What are you going to do now?" Erin asked. "Will you be returning to the shelter? Is there even a way you can return to the shelter?" 
 "Don't worry about that, I have my ways. Besides, unlike you guys, I am free to leave and do as I wish. It's not like they can exactly stop me, can they?" Arthur started to laugh, and it certainly was true after seeing his strength. "But I think I will stay for a short while before leaving. There may be some clues in the castle or around here as to what exactly happened to my people." 
 Arthur then walked over to Quinn and looked at him up and down. 
 "You are a strong one, and if you weren't the tenth leader, I would have asked you to come join me as a punisher. You have the correct morals and traits to become a perfect punisher. When you're done with what you need to do at the castle, then come over to see me. Perhaps there are a few things I can teach you about the shadow." 
 And with that, Arthur hopped into his dark shadow and he was gone before Quinn could even give an answer. 
 Learning about the shadow from the strongest shadow user was certainly an offer he could not refuse. Growing his strength was at a quite a high priority at the moment. If he was to stay in the vampire settlement and Arthur was to leave soon, there would soon be others that will be targeting him. 
 Entering the castle, everyone had gone to choose a room to rest for a little bit. They also wanted to take a shower and such and also change their clothes if need be. It was certainly tiring for all of them, and very stressful too. 
 They were then later to meet in the dining room, to discuss what needed to be done. Quinn with Edward had decided to head there first and while doing so, Quinn was busy trying to think of what to do. But in the end, he realized it wasn't his decision to make. Just like Logan had said, they had three options, and they were to choose from them. 
 Whatever they would choose, Quinn would respect their decision. 
 "Quinn, I think it is important if we take efforts in completing the Quest given by the system." The A.I. mentioned. "If we can get you up to the rank of the vampire lord, then there will be no worries." 
 There were two parts to the quest. One of them was to level up to level forty, which Quinn was a long way off this one and it didn't look like he could really do anything to speed up this process. 
 As for the second part, it was to bring over ten people to his cursed family and also select two vampires as vampire knights. 
 Looking at Edward, he tried to wonder if he could make Edward his own vampire knight. He used to be one of the previous tenth leaders anyway, and he was strong. But as he looked at Edward and tried to activate such an option. Nothing would come up, no matter how hard he tried. 
 'Am I missing something, or is it because he was Vincent's vampire knight before?' 
 The first two to come back and enter the dining room were Erin and Leo. The two of them had grown closer during their time training together, and Quinn was pretty happy to see them both safe. 
 Leo was already considered a vampire, so there was no problem with him. But Quinn did feel bad. He knew that Leo's goal was going to try to find his master. If he was to stay in the vampire settlement, he would not be able to do such a thing. 
 "That's not necessarily true." The system replied. "Do you remember when Silver was sent out and how she had come to visit you? Leaders have more control than you think. Although Leaders are to remain in the settlement, they are able to assign vampires on doing certain tasks and such without permission from others. The rules are there so that vampires have to be careful when doing such things." 
 Hearing about this, maybe Vorden and Logan would be more open to the idea of turning into vampires. Still, it felt wrong to him, and he would inform this to them before telling them. Then Quinn's eyes had gone to Erin. Before, she had expressed to him that she wanted to turn into a vampire as well. 
 The main reason why she wanted to before was so she could learn a new ability for the one she had lost to Truedream. 
 "Although you can't turn Edward into a vampire knight according to the system. I'm sure if you were to select Edward as a vampire knight, the council would still accept this as well." 
 The question was, would the system accept that as part of completing his quest. There were a few times when Quinn thought he could cheat the system in a certain way, but it would always adapt as if it was able to tell what Quinn was thinking. It surely was an impressive thing, whoever had created it had designed it well. 
 When the two got close, Quinn was about to ask Erin the question. He just wanted to get it over and done with, and as Erin was one of the humans in question, she would need to select from one of the three options, anyway. 
 Seeing the two, Quinn naturally used his inspect skill on them both. He did this to gradually increase his inspect level, as well as wondering if it would show him some new details on both of them. 
 That's when a certain option had appeared under Leo where his stats showed. 
 [Evolution possible] 
 [Please select whether you would like to turn them into a vampire knight] 
 Although he couldn't turn Edward into one. The system had just given him the option to turn Leo into one. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 497 The first Vampire knigh 
 A vampire knight, an evolution that was not available to Quinn, for he only had the option to go evolve into a vampire lord. The reason for this was because a vampire knights position was something that could only be given by a vampire leader in the first place. 
 The way the system explained it, rather than an evolution it was seen more as a title. However, a powerful title that still did physically change the vampire's structure. It was a title that could only be given to vampire nobles, and it was best to give it to a strong one. For the family members would see them as just below a vampire leader. 
 Looking at Leo, Quinn honestly couldn't think of a better vampire to make his knight. He was stronger than all of them before he had even become a vampire, and he couldn't imagine what his strength was now. The one thing that did surprise Quinn, was Leo was a vampire noble already. 
 Something that took Quinn months, Leo had managed to obtain in a short amount of time. 
 "That's because Leo was already at the peak of a vampire when you turned him." The system explained. "But a vampire is not able to be above its creator. If I was to take a guess, he had evolved as soon as you did." 
 This was why Quinn, even though he wasn't a vampire Lord, he was technically a vampire leader so he could apply the position onto Leo. 
 "I feel like you have something to tell me." Leo said, even if he couldn't see Quinn looking at him. He could sense he was thinking about something. People's auras reacted to their thoughts and feelings. The aura was even more honest than a face. 
 Quinn decided to explain to Leo what he wanted to do. How he wanted to make Leo his knight and what that meant in the grand scheme of things. 
 "Of course, I will," Leo replied quite quickly. For him there weren't many downsides. He would turn into a stronger evolution then he was currently. On top of that, he would have the privilege to leave the settlement as long as Quinn ordered him to. 
 He was a vampire already, so it wasn't like saying no was actually going to change anything. 
 "Are you sure?" Edward asked. "A vampire knight's duties, although you can send them off on a task, if you do so. Then you will be in charge of everything that happens to the tenth family. Usually their knights deal with most of the work." 
 "Edward, in all honesty, I wanted to ask you to become my knight as well," Quinn said. "You helped me out greatly, and you are loyal. If you could continue your duties and act as knight, show me the ropes of how things go around here. That would really help me." 
 Of course just like with Leo. Edward didn't hesitate to accept. 
 "It would be an honour." 
 [Temporary knight: Edward] 
 The system notification appeared again, and now Edward's status had changed from former tenth knight, to temporary tenth knight. Looking at Quinn's quest, it had not increased. It looked like the system wanted him to create his own family directly after all. 
 'Maybe once I complete the quest, and the system accepts me as a leader. It will classify as all the people at the tenth as under me, but for now. The old Eno family and the Cursed family seem to be treated as two different things.' Quinn thought. 
 And he was starting to think about something else as well. The flame, the castle, was it really reacting to him? 
 Ignoring this for now, Quinn started the knighting process. It was a little different from the turning process where a human needed to consume Quinn's blood. Although Leo had turned differently, that was the standard way to do a ritual. 
 For the vampire knight part, Leo was to take off his shirt, and Quinn was to draw something on his back. 
 "Oh, you already know how to do this it looks like." Edward commented. 
 Of course, Quinn didn't, he was just following the systems command. Using his own blood Quinn drew a circle on Leo's back, after he connected lines towards the centre in a particular pattern, when the system said he was done. He was to place his hand on Leo's back. 
 [The knighting ritual has been activated] 
 [Would you like to turn this person into a vampire knight?] 
 [Yes] [No] 
 After selecting yes, a strange energy was felt rushing through Quinn's hand and was being transferred into Leo's body. It was similar to before but different, and this time, Leo didn't try to fight back the changes and allowed it to alter his body like so. 
 The circle on the back started to light up, and all of the points and the edge of the circle that was drawn with blood, started to shift and move towards Quinn's hand. Eventually, it went underneath. A few moments later, and the strange energy was no longer felt between the two. When Quinn moved his hand, the circle he had drawn and all the blood that had gone towards his hand had disappeared. As if it was never there in the first place. 
 [Congratulations, you have made your first vampire knight!] 
 [1/2] 
 [New skill acquired] 
 [Call] 
 [Call: a skill that can only be used with your vampire knights. This skill allows you to call a knight by your side no matter where they are. It will forcefully bring them to your location. Can only be used once a day.] 
 With the successful notification screen, a few more things had come up that Quinn wasn't expecting and the first of them, was a new skill. Call sounded a lot like what Arthur was able to do. How the punishers were able to go to each other using their shadows. 
 But in this case, Quinn could only call over the knight to his side. It would definitely be handy in tough situations, and it didn't seem like it could be used the other way round. If Leo was in trouble, he was not able to call Quinn. 
 "Is this something all the leaders have?" Quinn asked. 
 "No." The system replied. "I believe this is a skill given to you by the system itself. A skill like this would have been able to save many vampire leaders in the past." 
 [Passive skill: Vampire knights buff] 
 [When a vampire knight is fighting alongside its leader, all stats and skills will be increased by 10 Percent] 
 [knight's command] 
 [A vampire knight is able to form a squad of ten vampires under himself. For those under the knight's command, all skills and stats will be increased by ten percent] 
 The notifications didn't stop there, and there seemed to be some advantages that Leo would be able to make use of, not just Quinn. 
 When Leo had finally turned around, Quinn was shocked to see who he was looking at. The evolution didn't just change his powers, but his looks as well. When Quinn first met him, he looked like an old man, later he looked slightly younger, and now he looked like a middle-aged man again. 
 "Quinn, I can't thank you enough for this opportunity. I feel like I am in my prime once again." Leo said, but as he clenched his fist, he shook his head. "No, I am even better than I once was." 
 Erin had been standing by the side and had seen all the changes Leo had gone through as it was happening. When they were training on the planet with both Arthur and Leo, she could see the extra strength that they had. 
 She wanted it too, right now she could only see the plus sides and none of the negatives, she would be able to learn an ability again, and her body would be improved as such. Finally, when she was strong enough, she would shove her sword right up Truedream's backside for putting her through all of this. 
 Erin didn't need to think about the three options, she had already decided. As Erin was about to step forward and talk to Quinn. The doors to the dining area opened again and stepping in was both Cia, and Layla. 
 "Leo, do you look, different?" Layla said. 
 "Oh, do you mind getting me a mirror, maybe I can take a look?" He replied. 
 For a second Layla was about to go look for one, before quickly realising, he had made another joke at his own expense. 
 "Quinn, we've been thinking a lot. Or I've been thinking a lot about it." Cia said. "Remember what we talked about before? Well out of the options we have. I don't want to lose my memories again. I can't even think about doing that, forgetting everything that happened, forgetting all of you. I still want you to keep your end of the deal, about trying to find a way to get my memories back, but if you can, I want you to turn me into a vampire." 
 At that moment, Erin decided to put her foot down as well. 
 "Quinn, you promised me before as well remember. If I asked you, you said you would do it, and I want you to turn me as well." 
 This situation, Quinn never imagined. When he had first turned Peter, it was because he had to, and Leo was an accident. But all three of the girls in the room had asked to be changed. 
 "Are you sure?" Quinn replied. "Logan said he might have a way for us to get out of this, without having to turn you." 
 "Quinn, I'm not doing this for you, I'm doing it for myself." Erin replied. And when he turned to look at Cia, she nodded. 
 "Okay." Quinn replied. 
 The two girls walked to the front, with Layla standing in the middle and it was time for Quinn to turn both of them. The question was, what would they become? 
 ****** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 498 Unexpected problems 
 Before Quinn would start the ritual, he made sure to talk with Edward about it first. Quinn had become more experienced now with turning people and the last three times, weren't exactly the best they could have been. 
 There was always the risk that one could turn into something difficult. But with Edward here, he did feel a lot more confident. What better place would there be to turn someone then in the tenth castle, the vampire world where they could get all the things they needed. Quinn even had Edward one of the most experienced vampire knights by his side. 
 So Edward had decided to gather a few things, just in case things were to go wrong. However, there was a look of concern on his face when he saw that Edward had come back with a strange crossbow. It looked to have been modified to fit in special bolts and was powered by the blue crystals he would often see. 
 "What's that for?" Quinn didn't really want to ask, but he knew he had to. 
 "As you may know, there are some evolutions that are less favourable than others." Edward replied. "I would hate for these beautiful girls to turn into something…unfavourable, but we must prepare for the worst." A clicking sound was heard, as the crossbow was sprung back and loaded with a black looking bolt inside. 
 But the two girls still didn't seem to be backing down and were ready to be changed. Quinn prepared them both, and was ready to start the ritual one after another. It was best to do it this way, just in case there was a problem with one of them. Maybe even both. He had cut his hand and activated the system part, ready to turn the two of them. 
 Closing their eyes, they lifted their heads and opened their mouths. As Quinn walked past both of them, he realised he had grown a bit in height since he had first met Erin. The evolution really did change his body. 
 The first one to start the process was Erin. The blood dripped down her throat, and the burning sensation feeling over her body was felt. She started to grab at her chest and knelt down, as her insides felt like they were burning. 
 "Control the pain!" Leo shouted. "You have gone through worse things than this. This is nothing compared to the torment you were put through. This is just physical pain. Concentrate your mind just like you do when focusing your Qi, and it will help." 
 She did as her teacher had told her, and she started to focus her mind. It allowed her to suppress the pain a little, but it was far worse than she had imagined. Seeing Erin's face in pain like that, was something Quinn didn't want to see. 
 However, after a few moments, the pain had died down, her skin had become fairer and as she lifted her head and stood from the ground. There was a big change that Quinn couldn't help but notice. That was her hair. 
 Before Erin, was considered a blonde-haired beauty, but now her beauty was the same as before, but her hair colour had changed to a dark brown and as for her blue eyes, they now had a tint of orange in them. 
 "A halfling," Edward said. "Sometimes a normal vampire for once from these things isn't such a bad thing." 
 But, seeing the hair colour change, Quinn wasn't so convinced Erin was just a halfling, his or the others hair colour hadn't changed.The system message that soon came up had confirmed it as well. 
 [Congratulations, the blood ritual was a success] 
 [4/10 Cursed Family members] 
 [You have created a Dhampir] 
 It was something Quinn had seen mentioned a couple of times, when the system was explaining but didn't really know what one was. Still, he could tell why Edward had mistaken her for a halfling, an evolution before a regular vampire. 
 Because, even standing this close to her, she felt no different from a vampire. The smell, the aura, everything was the same that was emitting from her body. With Peter and Layla, there was a difference. 
 If Quinn remembered correctly, a Dhampir was one of the ones that belonged to category A. They were able to go through the same evolution change that he went to, but would gain certain special skills attached to them. 
 [Inspect] 
 [Dhampir: A Hybrid creature which is a mixture of a vampire and a human. It's hard to determine whether they are more vampire or more human. They have all the strengths of a vampire, super strength, super speed, faster regeneration. Yet at the same time, are able to withstand sunlight. It is said that some are able to adapt to the situations they are in, if they are with vampires, they will imitate and appear to be one of them. If they are with human's, their form shall revert back to what it once was.] 
 Reading all of this, the A.I too could see what Erin had become, he too thought she was only a halfling until he saw the message. "Quinn, don't tell the other vampires or Edward what she really is?" The A.I said. 
 "Why?" Quinn asked. 
 "Because there is another name we use for the Dhampir. We call them... Vampire hunters." The A.I replied. 
 And it would seem what the system said had some truth for it, as Quinn continued to read the description and abilities of the Dhampir. 
 [When fighting against vampires, a Dhampir's stats will increase. The Dhampir base stats are determined by its creators to start with, but then must get stronger on their own.] 
 Quinn started to wonder if he decided to reveal what Erin was, would Edward try to use the crossbow on her? But this didn't seem like a bad result for Quinn. If anything, it was good. Erin wouldn't have to shy away from the sun, and had gotten stronger as she wished. 
 Immediately after being turned, she had drawn her blade and gave a single swing in the air. The sound was so sharp, the moment was so fast. She had paused as soon as her sword was about to hit the ground. 
 "It's perfect." 
 Putting her sword away, she walked back over to where Leo and Layla were standing by the side. 
 One was out of the way, and finally, it was time to turn Cia. Standing in front of her, she now looked nervous, not as confident as before. Perhaps because she had seen how much pain Erin was in, and Cia didn't know how to use Qi so it would be far worse for her. 
 But she closed her eyes, and opened her mouth waiting for the blood. 
 "Here goes." Quinn said, as the blood dripped into her mouth. 
 The same feeling as Erin, started all over Cia's body, but her body was far weaker, and instead of going down to her knees, she had collapsed down on the floor and was scrunching up in and out screaming in pain. 
 The screaming continued and continued, and it sounded like she was going to rip her voice out. 
 "It wasn't this bad when I did it right?" Layla said, worried at just how hard Cia was screaming. She would continue to scream and every so often stop to cough and when she did, a few specks of blood from her throat could be seen with it. 
 "Come on Cia. I know you can do it!" Layla shouted. 
 Seeing how much pain she was in, Leo decided to come forward. He placed his hands on top of her and started to concentrate, putting a tiny amount of his own Qi inside her. It was the same thing he had once done to Quinn. 
 The reason for him doing this, was so he could control her pain a bit more. Maybe he could use the Qi inside her body to calm her down. Holding on to her tightly, it seemed to be working slightly. She wasn't moving about as much, but the screams continued. 
 "What is going on here?" Vorden said as he entered through the doors into the dining room. Behind him, was Peter, and Logan. They had rushed over once they heard the screaming thinking that maybe something was wrong. 
 At that moment, the evolution had stopped, and at the same time, the screaming did too. Leo could feel he had done all he could and let go of her, moving back in place to the others. 
 The three boys who had entered had moved along to the front to see what was happening. 
 At that moment, Cia suddenly stood on her two feet. Her short hair but long fringe was covering her face, and they were unable to see her eyes. 
 That's when a sound was heard…. 
 Cia gripped both of her fists, and at the top of her lungs, let out an almighty scream. A scream so loud the others thought their eardrums were going to burst, and they were sure anyone who was in the castle would have been able to hear it. 
 The scream wasn't a short little burst like before and instead, it was one large one. The ones being affected most by this, were the ones with sensitive hearing. The vampires and the subclasses. They all could hardly move and had gathered hands placed over their ears. 
 As for Edward, he had the crossbow in his hand, with the bolt already loaded, and before Quinn knew it, he had already pulled the trigger firing off the bolt towards Cia. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 499 Back to the star 
 The bolt had already left Edwards Crossbow, and most in the room had been paralysed by the intense scream. For once, it seemed like the vampire's sensitive ears were working against them. But Even though Vorden and Logan were close, they had been stunned by the scream as well. 
 Although not hurting them as much, it was still causing pain, and a slight dribble of blood could be seen from their ears. The bolt came out fast, and when they saw it, it wasn't a regular crossbow. Powered by the crystals, it came out at a speed that was meant to be used against vampires. 
 Gritting his teeth and bearing through the pain, Quinn leapt forward hoping to stop the bolt. He had already hurt Cia more than once in this whole trip, and finally, she had come up with a solution that was quite fair, he didn't want her to die here. 
 Not just that, but a feeling inside him was urging him to try and protect her. 
 Flash stepping forward he moved closer but fell to his knees from the screams. His eardrums had popped, and the pain was great. At that moment, the bolt had hit her, and the screaming had stopped. 
 "Cia….Cia….Cia…!" Layla was screaming, but the sound to Quinn was muffled as if they were being shouted through walls. His eardrums were already being repaired, but it was hard for him to make out some things. When he turned his head around to the side, he could see Layla and Erin over her, Cia collapsed on the floor. 
 "That screaming finally stopped, what the hell was that!" Peter said. 
 "Why, Edward, did you really need to do that?" Quinn asked. 
 "It was best for all of us," Edward said. "If she had continued like that, we would all be on the floor hurling in pain for hours, and even she would have possibly damaged herself from the screaming." 
 That's when Quinn had done a rain check on Edwards words. Damaged herself, but hadn't Edward just killed her. Going over to Cia's body, he could now see that the bolt had landed in her stomach, the wound was bleeding, and although Cia was passed out, she wasn't dead. 
 "Just give her some of your blood, and she will be okay," Edward said 
 Pulling out the arrow and giving some of his blood, she certainly healed but Cia still seemed to be fast asleep, drained from the evolution. 
 "What happened to her, it wasn't the same as my own evolution?" Erin asked. "Did something go wrong to cause her to scream like that?" 
 Before Edward had answered, Quinn had used his inspect skill to get his own answer. 
 [Banshee] 
 [Banshees are known as the Harbingers of death. When one of them comes into this world, including themselves, they let out an almighty scream to announce it, but this is not the only time they will do so. The reason for their name is because they are able to tell when one of their family members has died. They too announce this with a scream or a cry. 
 Banshees often are able to predict death in their family, and see a distorted future. The method this comes to them is different for each one. For some, it can be whispers, some visions and other ways. Just because a banshee has seen such a sign doesn't mean it will happen, as the future can always be changed. It is just one of the possibilities they are seeing] 
 "A Banshee." Edward said. "Most families have one as they are quite good at predicting the death in their own families. It helps them make certain decisions sometimes. Though due to her scream I'm sure the others will know that another has come into this world by now." 
 The two girls decided to take Cia out and rest with her in another room until she was okay. After that, Layla and the two girls would try to figure out the new bodies they had been given. Seeing what differences they had. Quinn had offered to help and guide them with the system's knowledge, but Layla insisted it was not needed. 
 She was sure he would be busy with other things, and Layla had learnt a lot about the different vampire types while in school. On top of this, there was a library even in the castle that they could use. She didn't want to get in the way. 
 After that was done, all the boys decided to sit back at the table. The three that had entered couldn't help but notice Leo's change, they knew something had happened but decided not to say anything. 
 "So have you decided what to do yet, or come up with a plan?" Quinn asked. 
 "Not yet," Logan replied. "Me and Vorden are pretty sure we want to keep our powers, Quinn. For both of us, it's not really an option for us to lose. So what we are stuck on, is either to pretend that we have been turned into vampires and stay here, or lose our memories and head back." 
 The news, saddened Quinn a bit. Because he didn't want them to lose their abilities, at the same time though, he couldn't imagine not being with them. 
 "Don't look so down, Quinn." Vorden said. "We still have some time until school starts again, so we don't have to make an immediate decision. You're the leader of this place right, so as long as we don't leave this planet before we decide one of those things, then there won't be any trouble, right?" 
 They turned to Edward for confirmation, and he seemed to agree. 
 "There is something we wanted to bring up with you though Quinn," Logan said, as he turned to Vorden. At that moment, Vorden reached down from below and placed something on the table. For a second Edward looked at the thing on the table confused, but as for Quinn, he knew what it was. 
 "Brother is always so gentle with me, but he has to remember I still have a strong body!!" Borden said. 
 He was the same size as a puppy but looked just like another human, moving well. Borden had finally woken up. He was wearing clothing that had been specially made by Logan. So he still looked the part. 
 "Is he permanently like this then?" Quinn asked. 
 "For now. I've done a few tests with some of the things here and doesn't seem like he will get any worse, or better for that matter, but this does seem to be permanent if nothing is done." Logan replied. 
 "Thank you for helping us in the fight Borden," Quinn said. "You really helped us save both of them and the lives of all the others." 
 Borden started to blush as he was being praised and was rubbing the back of his head. "My brother's friends are friends of mine. I was glad I could help." 
 When Borden turned around, though, he could sense that a certain set of eyes were being darted into his back, and those were the eyes of Leo. The others couldn't see it, but Leo could sense it. The little puppy sized figure on the table had the aura of the Dalki. 
 "Leo, it's hard to explain, but it's on our side," Quinn said. 
 "I know," Leo replied, with his arms still folded. "If I didn't, it would have been sliced to pieces by now." 
 "What did he say!" Borden shouted angrily, but it was hard to take such a small figure seriously. But in its anger, it had stomped on the table, and a loud bang was heard. Like a gunshot had gone off. The table had cracked, and it wasn't just a regular table, but one crafted from the black material. 
 "Oh, I forgot to mention. Borden still seems to have his monstrous strength as well." Said Logan. "Quinn, the reason I brought him out though is because I wanted to ask you something. I think we need to head back to that lab where this all started…. 
 "Before you go crazy on me, there are a few reasons. I'm pretty sure I was the one created by Borden by accident. I have already gone through this with the two of them, so don't worry. With the green liquid from that robot, we were trying to make something that would also power Vorden. 
 "If the red pills worked, then I thought I would be able to create something that would help out in this fight. Using the tenths machinery, I gave it a lot of information regarding Vorden, and I found out that all of this information was being sent out to a different place. My guess, from what Borden has told us, and from my research, it's the same place. Or at least in the same area. I don't have all the answers, but if we want to save Borden and return him back to what he once was, or at least find out what is going on, I think we will find our answers there." Logan explained. 
 "I don't know what you guys are talking about, but it seems to be an important matter," Edward said. "The only problem is, the others will be looking at you closely at the moment Quinn. I think it's best if you stay in the castle for now." 
 Quinn wasn't just going to ignore Edward's advice, the problem was, Quinn thought it was important to find out what was happening at that lab. The system said he had no clue, but clearly, he was involved, or maybe not him but someone released to the tenth family. 
 And the lab wasn't exactly the safest of places/ 
 "You stay here Quinn," Leo said. "I will go with the two boys to the lab. Make sure they are safe. You can trust me." 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
	 Chapter 500 To the tenth's tombs 
 With Leo heading off with the boys, Quinn was confident that any troubles they ran into, he would be able to deal with them, even more so if he was to go with them himself. Even if the vampires were against Quinn and his tenth leader family, Edward said it would be crazy for them to try something so soon right after the king made his verdict, so the boys were relatively safe from the others. 
 However, what Edward was unsure about was Leo himself. He didn't understand why the second Leo had said he would go with them, Quinn was calm about the fact that they would be going to a dangerous place. From the descriptions and stories he had heard, a place full of Wendigos and perhaps even more. If Quinn had asked him to go with the boys, then he would have done so as well, but instead Quinn said he wanted him here to help him with his other duties. 
 The group headed down to the reception area as they made their preparations for the little trip. Edward had also said he had invited someone along to guide them through the forest and back from the mountain. 
 When they had arrived, they were pleasantly surprised to see a small little boy waiting for them. 
 "Hey everyone." He said waving and smiling. 
 The boy who was there was Timmy, he had helped them out more than once during this whole thing. 
 While they were busy talking away and catching up on things, Edward continued to glance at Leo. What he had planned was to do a little test. His hand started to turn to mist, and he was about to give Leo a little surprise. 
 'I won't hit you too hard.' Edward thought, but then… 
 As soon as Edward had made the intention to attack, before he had even started to move, Leo had turned and looked towards Edward's direction. He could see his hand hovering over the hilt of his blade and his fingers tapping them up and down. 
 A little smile appeared on Leo's face before tuning away again. 
 "Is that person really blind?" Edward thought. Somehow, some way, he knew that Edward was about to attack. 
 Now Edward realized why Quinn had so much trust in him and chose to make him his vampire knight. With him protecting the kids, they really had nothing to worry about. 
 "Alright, we are off." Logan said. "Quinn, keep the mask on you, if we need anything we will be contacting you on that." 
 Leo, Timmy, Vorden, Borden and Logan had set off on their own journey and Quinn could only hope they would be safe and find the answers they were looking for. As for Peter, he was placed in the same situation as Quinn. 
 Since he was a criminal up until recently, they thought it was best if Peter stayed by Quinn's side for the most of it. 
 When the doors had opened to let the group out though, there was a little surprise waiting for them. A certain individual with his black hair pulled back, stood at the door. He had his hand hovering in the air as if he was just about to knock. 
 The group said hi to the boy, before quickly heading off and allowing him to enter the castle. 
 "Fex, you look better than the last time I saw you." Quinn said. 
 "Yeah, I guess my hands aren't chained up this time. You look good too" Fex replied, before waiting a few moments and then giving Quinn a big old hug. He squeezed him as tight as he could. 
 "Thank you, man… I really mean it, you don't understand how much it means." Even though Fex had accepted his death before, when he had been saved, he truly realized how much he didn't actually want to die. He still had so much he wanted to do, and he wanted to create more memories with everyone. 
 After placing Quinn down, the two of them got to talking again. Before Fex had claimed the real reason he was here. 
 "So I ended up talking with my father and sister, and it looks like there's nothing I can do about going back to the thirteenth family. I could join as a regular vampire, but then it would be awkward. Someone who used to be a direct descendant working for his own real family. Which is why I have decided to come to you." Fex said, placing his hand on Quinn's shoulder. 
 "Being in the vampire pool has its perks and one of them is, I can go in between any family I wish and Quinn, I want to join your family. I want to be with everyone here. Now I don't want any high position or have to be a close member as such and of course I have my own restrictions from my family. They have said if I join another family, I am not allowed to teach anyone our ability. But I hope me and you can keep doing things together." 
 It didn't take long for Quinn to answer. 
 "Of course you can, you idiot. Why would I do all of this to save you and then say no to a request like that?" 
 Quinn still didn't know all the details of the vampire settlement and how they worked. He didn't know the process or if Fex was even allowed to join. Which was why he had never popped the question, but this was another bonus on his end. 
 However, he was a bit upset that it didn't complete part of the quest, bringing Fex into his family. 
 [5/10] 
 Which meant the system really did want him to turn ten people into vampires one way or another. 
 As for the formalities of the transfer and such, that was to be done by Edward. Hearing the good news, Fex decided he would go back to the thirteenth castle and gather his things, ready to move in. He hadn't actually asked Quinn if he could move into the castle and only assumed, but Quinn didn't care for this. 
 "What would you like to do now sir?" Edward asked. "There are still many duties to be filled, we could see how the girls are doing. Inform the people of what is happening, or even get to know the people and plan for the future." 
 The more Quinn thought about that, the more he was realizing that Edward was planning for his stay to be permanent. Something Quinn still wasn't ready to face, but before he did all of that, there was a particular person that owed him something, something he had been waiting for a long time. 
 "Are you finally ready to tell me?" Quinn asked. "About how this book fell into my hands, why you left the settlement, and if you know what's going on with the Dalki." 
 "I am." the system replied. "And I think there is a perfect place where we can do it. Ask Edward to take us to the tenths castle tombs. Tell him to go find my grave." 
 Quinn had asked this very question and Vincent was confused. 
 "There certainly is a tomb which has all the previous leaders who have gone into eternal sleep. The problem is, Vincent had never returned to the castle. His body won't be in there. Do you still want to go?" Edward asked. 
 "It is a request from Vincent himself. He said if I was to return to the castle that I should go to the tombs and go to the one that was made for him.'" Quinn asked. 
 If it was an order from Vincent, then Edward would believe there was a reason why he had asked. The two of them were to go alone as the only people allowed in such an area were a vampire knight and a vampire leader. 
 They were rule breakers, but Edward was adamant about not letting this rule slide, so Peter was left outside. On the ground floor there were a set of doors which also contained a circle lock. Quinn noticed that this combination was even different to the castle one. 
 As the door opened, torches from both sides of the wall started to light up one by one, revealing a staircase going downward. How deep it went was unknown but Quinn was unable to see the bottom. 
 When they stepped in, the doors behind had closed. 
 [You have entered the tenths castle tomb] 
 "Well, at least I know I'm in the right place." Quinn said. 
 After a few minutes of walking down the stairs, he could finally see the bottom. It leveled out, and they began walking down a tunnel for a while until eventually they had reached a large open space. 
 It was a single large room with several circle patterns on the floor. Too many to count. 
 "Are all of these things on the floor tombs?" Quinn asked. 
 "It's designed for the future generations as well." Edward replied. "If we ever need to expand, we just dig out some more." 
 Considering how large the cave was and how long vampires lived for, it seemed like the spaces they had on the ground wouldn't be filled out for a long time. The two of them went to the very back, where four different round patterns could be seen on the floor. These were different to the rest, for they were lit up with a slight blue glow around the edges. 
 "The blue glow means someone's inside. They are the leaders even before you." Edward said. 
 "Is the first tenth leader here?" Quinn asked, looking at the first circle on the ground. 
 "Yes, the first leader is here as well." 
 The first tenth leader, the man who changed Arthur and was also previously a king of the vampires. Quinn couldn't help but think about what the Boneclaw had shown him, and how perhaps that man had many secrets other than that as well. 
 "This one here, the chamber is prepared when a new leader takes place. you will need to make one yourself as well. This one is for Vincent. As you can see, it's not lit up. For his body was never found." Edward explained. "I had hoped he would have gone into eternal slumber, but perhaps he had really died out there." 
 Walking towards the first Chamber, Quinn stood near it for a while. He looked at the patterns on top of all the circles, each of them slightly different. The five there were the only ones that had patterns on it. 
 Bending down to get a closer look, Quinn noticed something about the first one. The first one had a pattern he recognized. It looked like the same marking that was on the book. As he reached out and grazed his finger upon the pattern, suddenly, a blue light from it started to glow. 
 "Whats happening?" Quinn asked. 
 "I have no idea…" Edward replied. 
 Suddenly, from his body, it felt like something was forced out from him, and in front of his eyes he could see it…. a spirit-like figure. 
 "Vincent!" Edward said with his eyes wide open. 
 ***** 
 For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga 
 If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga 

 
 

